with the rest that was told her, has descended to her daughters and wo arc not exempt. But TTherc is the man, Iking in the light of. the Lord - that would "rule in tyranny? Love ' woulil be the law of his household, and words of kindness on his lips;! whilo obedienc-- springing ' ; from lovo would not be galling. Wc as Latter-da- y Saints, should bo guided bya-hh- !i r pjwerthantho Gentiles araj and f should-nu""women-havlounge blindly along, with the cry, been' in bondage,' and the day of liberty has - comeT '- -' What bondage have the women ; of" b- -, Saints been in? What the Latter-da- y feel no erty has burst upon us suddenly? I more of the sun's rays now, than years ago, no ' more liberty, no more freedom. We have our Let us be agency, ' and let us tiw it wisely. noble minded, acquire knowledge and all will -- ; her little eirls to" express I like to read the 'Little Letters"- I see all published, it makes me feel as vthough little girls everywhere, talked and acted something alike. When I was a very little girl indeed mamma called me her little Gay; because I was such a merry little creature;but I grow so fast I am almost ashamed, be: cause I am not as good as I ought to be; I want to be very good indeed; I go to Sun- is ; day School, and try to understand all that ' said there, and attend our Eetrenchment Meetings, and feel "so happy in them. I now that the little girls in the country - hope will write nice Kttle letters to the paper, and tell us aHabom their pleasant homes, and their-feelings- - liab-- it A clLiJCliBATED barrister witsla the of saying, I always study the ! feas-ibili- ty of a case " teforo I undertake it." ; to see you.' gtad one!tioridayrrm You needn't be' replied VS;;t av ;x .r? The young man who asked the daughter's hand and got the father';' foot, had the consolation of knowing that his wooing was voted." ' , not bootless. Evku since we, have Heard oftheMaine Vot, we have been filled f ditor named T.know if a trifle would make with anxiety to , Z hinx boil over, ? , iZ,. the wooaX . ' f V- WnY didlyoupasa tedayithoujL woman to beautiful a said me?" looking at Talleyrand. ;iJeca.ase, madam, "if I bad v looked I could not have passed." r t door The following notice, written on the of the village school, would seem to indicate that the schoolmaster was abroad: "Kea at the woden house necks door." f , jy, young ladywhile out walking heard for the first time. of her mother's intention lo marry again, and sho was obliged to sit right down and cry about it. She "could ' .' ; JIuntsville, : Ooden " . 10th, 1875. a little valley surrounded with, mountains. Wo had a large funeral yesterday of very respected brother, Christian Jensen; he was fifty years of age; there were thirty teams that followed him to his grave. His death paused a great mourning over our place. My aunt likes your paper very much; it gives her such good instructions, and she '.dellgfrte in reading It. j ' V!o have a young girls' society, and wo ' .ate bra.idIng.some straw and piecing up a . Uiullt , ' ' ' ' '. .r.-.- - Wh!;!ng your valuable paper ' success I V Yours Truly : am; Johakna Petersen Lund. ivt i o v;'ry. descri or C L O THIN 0 BOOTS, SHOES, S. L. Juno 1Kb, 1875. and have never written many letters, but ' mamma wants me to write to the Exponent, to encourage DRY- GENERAL i .9 J GOOD?. - - . Specialty in Gloves' and Home-mad- Socks. e Fine Line of LADIES' CORSETS. ' ; . ld ' Hi H. E. Piiixrs, V 23 East Temple SxreeHi dinwoodey WHOLES ALE :andEET AIL FUR-NITUB- E DEALER; SPHINQ BEDS, WIRE MATTRESSES, FEATHERS, WALL PAPER AND RABY CARRIAGES." 75. . -- . 77 , and South : Street.' First 79, ii - - CLUB RATES. - Determined tbat nothing shall be wanting on the part of the PubliBhcrB, to increase the circulation of the :ExroEXT and aid in promoting the objects con tern plated in its publication, bj making it truly an expo sent of the Tws of the wompn of ytab, sujalpe4 hj them, ycad by th,em, and its columns enriched vith a 'widely circulated cafpreasion of their thoughts, we offer the fojlpw Ing liberal tcrpis to cluba for the present toI - ; .ANSWER TO INEZ. . ; 10 copies 1 year with a copy to the getter ; - up of Oft the cIud. 15 copies, 1 year, ltha copy to the getter up of 6 00 the club, 1 20 copies, year, with a copy to the getter up of the club, and a framed fcteej engraving 13 x 16 , inches, of President Brigham Young, selling - Zi 00 . , price, $2.50 1 a copies, year, with copy to the getter up ofthfi cjub, apd a superior first proof steel enV- grating of President Brigham Young; hand ' , - The word "strone minded." as 1 annlv it. and ts Inez defines itt is very different in its meaning. 1 should conader a 'woman such s e' describes " as a minded strong lady, as noblo mindedj and ona be to imitated. worthy Strong minded,1 is' an term to me, for it brings . to. my mind, women of the type I have mentiohed, although 1 not neccssarially scolds, or uneducated. ; 't . Orer twenty years ago, I was acnuajated with . the Womaa's Bights movement in the $Ut&, Jt . was then to be from Jhat Ind benninj: atated, time to this, it has been growing 'xpitU: It - has .ac-quired its present notoriety. Some of t&ir ideas are good, some arc eimply ridiculous, and some are pernicious, and directly contrary to the 'gospel Hie idea of 'women educating thcmsclres practl ;cally, and mentally, u excellent, while to encourage ' women in wearing or imitating the dress of man is and the theory they uphold that woridiculous, man is equal with man, and has just as much of a ngvi w .Eoyera man. as man has to oroTcm wnman.i 1 . -- . " ob-jetio- nal - . - The ' Ird ' : the 'garden of iolf joinan Eden kci iuahaii should rule over her, and that, taL - s , : - . , . , r.p. remit led by registered letter at the risk . .'V I f the publishers. - ;' ; j, .". SabEcribers desiring the address changed from one Post Odea to: another should send us their former, well as tkelr new address. : We hope that agents and ladies throughout the Terri-- ' tory, especially. Fret idents and Officers of Eellef Socie ties will aid us by getting Up clubs, by bringing the E ana roszsr fatorably to the notice of clrenla ; "using their infloeneo to iaercaBc'its v J" tion and usefulness . . ; , ; . , 4$ 00 somely framed, selling price 54 ' Glabsean be commenced at any time, and addiliopi 'can be made after the first list of names lias teen sent .Getters up of clubs thould notify us of their intentloai- so that we can credit them with all names Benthw; t ; tlj cases gifcthename and residence of each tub scribcf, phiiply apd cprrpclly written, with the tiaie when each eubcription is to'commcnpe, end whether fpr , a whole or half year ' " City, Dear Editor: v lam on a little girl JISD i For the ExrosEsi. : " ft f U WlNNIEFRED. I am a little ; . -- ... girl eleven years of age. Wo get along very well in Huntsville. We have had a hard winter, but now spring has. come again, the trees and grass are green, and men are working in the fields' and .planting gardens. Wo have a beautiful M . Valiey, Hay Dear Editor: Emily B. Spencer. St. George. : " LITTLE LETTEKS. - r itd be gbodndusefuyilk111 -- "Wid what, sir?" "With Impunity." "He was, sir, now and thin, but he sthruck me5 "'::'- - - four-year-o- now, Mrs. Sullivan," said the counsel, "will you be kind: enough to tell iho jury whether your husband was in the habit of striking you with impunity." . V be-wel- l. ' "AKD oftencr wid hl3 fiBht" oves, The blessed i time when even the tired mother feels she cant clasp i her: baby to her bosom, and listen to the prattle of her cbild-- : UJr iren, and rest! !;:VH.vf;vyA sat thusone As I evening, looking: upon ; the trembled like a gem star that twilight in the West, clasping my darling baby, whose lovely lashes were fast seeking the downy cheek to .find the sweet rest afforded innocence in sleep, my little came, and with suspicious yawn, begged for a story. "What shall atf be! my , son?" MAbout Jesus mamma." ' So I told ihimrin simple langauge, the touching story of our Kedeemer. His eyes never left myr facd while 1 was speaking, and every word seemed to sink deeply into his little heart. The story done I left him, with such a 1 thoughtful look on his sweet face,., to put i.baby to bed. Soon I heard him coming and with' streaming eyes, tie looked into my face for sympathy. ' "What ails my boy ?" I asked. "Oh mamma" he jsobbed, "I can't help crying to think bur Savior died for usl" ,1 clasped him in my arms; thanked God for such a treasure, and "prayed I might have wisdom to ever keep that lovo alive in the ' ; f tender heart of my child. ; My tears flowed with his, and the pathetio solemnity of that little scene will ever livo - :: in the memory of, 1 -- . . "Now let us talk about your business affairs," said a sharp Connecticut girl to a young fellow, after he had proposed marexriage to her in a long address, filled witl pressions of passionate love. 'ZZZZZZZ:. that a somewhat juvenile It is reported to a fair partner at a ball: ''Miss, dandy said don't you think my mustaches are becoming?" to which Miss replied: "Well sir, haven't arthey may be comirigf but they T r , j , rived yet". !."";;. ; 5 TWILIGHT.' 7 i J e i , r. t , . step-farthe- - streams of water. ;Wishingall the little children in TJtah inaygrow ' not go a &i . ; Moncj can "be " non-subscribe- rs ta-.rwis- e 1 . - 