' ; WOM A N?S EXP O V 1 , THE WOMAN'S ESPOKMT.. - iJBEtXE BICHABDS Editor COnxrXl A il. IIOK.YE, Business Manager. 1 ; ' : J la Salt Lake City, Utah. Pablished one Terms: One copy ycf r, 12.00; one copy bIx months, ( 1.00. Tea copies for the price of nlae. Adrcrtislng rates; Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one . time, $2.00 per montht' $3, 00. A Ubcral discount to f ; , , regular adTcrtlaers. OflJce,' corner of South , Exponent Temple, and First ' East streets, opposite Eagle GatoV Business hours from 9 ' A.m. to $ p.m. on TaeBdaji and Saturdajs. '. Address all business communications to ' . .u , ; J Publishers TVoman's Exponent, "sml-monthl- y, . j . SALT fcAKE CITY AUGUST : i' 15, 1875. -- ' A WEEK OUT OP TOWN. Wilh Londoners residing in Salt Lake City, a feeling is said la exist as of continued rusticating." Not o, however, with the home raised 'American,; whose early .life has been princi-- ; pally spent in the ever multiplying pioneer settlements of Utah. To such an individual, Salt Lake Ci ty is a city in reality, however , o the wprlds great metropolis. And af - ter a year's gufet performance7 of daily du ties "the midst of ''Summer's long, hot, dus-t- y here, in days' the soul wearies and begins to languish for a season of life, for the pure at- and mosphere perfect freedom which the city knew in its younger days but has lost amid the continuous bustle of a rapidly growing population and increasing wealth. ...... f Hence, after duo consideration, about three weeks since, we concluded to accept an irivita- tion from hospitable friends, and spend a few days with them in Grantsviile the little western settlement where a dozen years ago we had a happy home. ( Among tho Wany great changes which have ' transpired within the last decade,? may bo ' counted tho building of Utah's railways. It doesn't eeem so much of an undertaking now, to go from this city, to Grantsviile as it used to to make the Journey in .the opposite direction! whenit would.be jog, jog, jog, over a rough road for nearly a whole day; for the longer and rougher part of the way is rendered enjoyable by a short two hour's ride on the U. W. It. It. This little ride, upon the morning of "which wo write-w- hen starting for a week's out in the country-w- as particularly pleasant, as we wcra favored with the company of a young 'lady whoso remarkable love for travel renders hcra most agreeable traveling companion. Miss C. thought it would be delightful to go to the Centennial, and see so much of the world as will there be exhibited in so small a compass. But it would be still more charmin" 16 visit all the places which will to represented there, and see the specialities of different coun tries in their native conditions. Wq airreed with her. Certainly if in that quiet morning ride much pleasure could bo found, and some information gained, to travel extensively must be ex- ccedlngly pleasing and Instructive. But both eldcs of the question were canvassed. Fatigue and diEculties often to be encountered, were reckoned upon as matters of coursed ' As the steamer, Gen. Garfield, lay hi our way, topassby without a recognition of its existence, would bo incompatible. Of course wo : ; in-feri- out-do- or , : . -- . . would take a sail. There were houra to wait after the return of tho train from the Half, way Jlouse (we rode over thcro and back Id before the Clintn'r) - , . , or 1ST 12 N T. . steamer would sail. J Plenty of time for res ing, looking about, eating dinner and takin bath. :r The latter proved a very delecii l!e wny of passing ofT4he time; and Mrs. G. a g:enei- -: ous.hearled, fun loving lady who was present with some 'cousins from .the country added much to the attractiveness of the occasion by her original merriment v We went on board early that we might have the better opportunity of doing justice to the littio steamer by minute, observation. It has been newly and neatly painted and fitted up, under the directions of it present owner, Mr. . J. W. Young, improvements for the assurance of safety have beeh mad. Captain Dorrls is a genial and pleasant seaman. ' Before the steamer sailed, a company of friends who came from .the city by the one. o'clock train, joined u?. Mrs G'.s sister arid Mrs. W. and others with whom it is ever a pleasure to meet. Miss D.j who, without seeming to know how, always manages to make herself agreeable, told us about a day spent on the lake in the other little steamer, "d day of days, never to be forgotten." Then we returned with her, in imagination, from tracing the happy to the reality of the peaceful present, - The lake was so calm and beautiful and the breeze so cool and refreshing, as we glided farther and farther from the Iand,it almost seemed as though to remain away out upon the fair,' smooth bosom of , the waters, until the heat and dust of V should have past, would be a grateful relief. . Then the wonders arose, whether upon the island towards which the course of the boat was directed, the scorching of the July rajs sun beat down with as great violence as the did upon the shore we had left. What sort of a place the island was, and why "John V,,; or some other capitalist, did, not erect a commodi ous house thereupon, opposite Dr. Clinton's, to wnicu pleasure seeKers ana invalids might re--r sort for a few days or weeks at a time. One circumstance kept our otherwise serene feclingsslightly disturbed. We had seen nothing of Mrs. II., from. Grantsviile, who, according to pur calculations, was to havo joined us ' . - sister-in-la- w, by-gon- e, : mid-summ- er " on the steamer, or before wo went, on. The, irregularity of the mails between Salt Lake and Grantsviile had already twice balked us in .;ir intentions. Had our last communication failed to reach its proper place of destination, there was no alternative but for us to return home by the evening train After a while, a new yet familiar and welcome countenance presented itself in that portion of the boat where we were seated. Mrs. H.'s daughter advanced and spoke to us. It was all right then, the team had come. And upon the return of the boat to the lauding, we were ' '. . greeted by Mrs. H. herself. The rest of our journey for the day was per formed in the old fashioned horse-tcastvle." and we enjoyed it greatly. There was a meeting of tho Relief Society in Grantsviile, on the 20th of July, tho next day after our arrival there. This afforded us the privilego of greeting many fricrids, both, old and new, which otherwise we should not have enjoyed. The humble, teachable spirit which was manifested jm the meeting, spoke well for : -- the officers and members of botn the Belief So ciety and the Retrenchment Association. Their great desire to improve could not have been more clearly portrayed than by the eagerness they evinced to receive Instruction, even frpm th simplest instrument the Lord might placo in their midst. After the close of the meeting many, cordial vinvitaiions for entertainment were estetrded, many which we regretted brine - ; . . , : 'X:-:- .. - OUR TIME. The day in which We live is continually quoted by all classes and people, and it is something It would be well tp reallzeHs well as quote; we belong to the time in which we live, wo are not actors in the past, our lives are in the present and we may help to rear, for ourselves and others a character and name adapted to the age, the events, and the circumstances now transpiring; Take little heed who is for or who against us, so we have conscience for our pilot and the. great Master-build. apour work. Bui what prove wisdom, what faith, what patienceV vvhat grace we need each day to fill up the measure of duty and of work; on each side "of us are besetiaents to substitute pleasure for duty, and there is ah inclination in our minds perhaps, to comply with theso f uggestions. We are like the mariner, trying to steer carefully perhaps through an unknown sea, one unexplored, nnd here and .Ihcro the snag?, the quicksands, tho dangerous places, and the smooth shallow water even, may tempt us upon dangerous ground. We may think, I will venture, it may be safe, and event before wo are aware we aro stranded. Perplexities and trouble lie in the pathway of mortals: Thereare many helps to bear and lighten difficulties, to guide 'and comfort, which are entirely ignored by the generality of practical people, on account of their seeming insignificance. "Kind words are jewels beyond price" at home or abroad, cheerfulness Is, another wcl; let one zo about with a. downc2?t: IodU er . m unable to accept. We could iiot refuse to meet and spend ah afternoon with sonie of the ofR cers of the7 Society at the house of one of the : counselors; to spend a day and night with their President, and to pas3 the last night of our stay in Grantsviile under the roof of still another dear, sisterly friend. Mrs. H. was now ready to drive, with us fiye miles from the. settlement, up the kanyon road to the 'Ranch.?' Oh the Ranch!. On the way little Danny B., also a guest of Mrs. II., opened with us a cate chetical conversation. "How oldlsyour baby?" " "Thirteen months. How old are you?" "Seven' years. . How long are you going to ' ?! stay here?" "A week if we don't get home-sic- k and go hom6 on Sunday. How long have you been here?",; ' ' "Only four weeks!" t Only four weeks! A.very short period indeed for a seven year old boy to be from under his paternal roof! But he was with trusty friends, and healthier there than in town. Well, the Ranch. "Liberty Hall," Mrs, H. named her dwelling there, because at that place all friends were to do as they pleased, say what they liked and be perfectly independent and at.ease.,.1 :: Who does not know how quickly one day follows another in such a place? Where you can ride on horseback, milk cows, feed the dogs and chickens, grabble potatoes, drink, butter milk, sing and whistle as loud and long as you have a mind to, laugh at the "merry Andrew," roll on the grass, rest body and soul; and indulge in intelligent conversation for a relish without a taint of fashionable gossip in it! The week expired quite; soon enough,- and when "the time came for us to return to the city, we no longer wondered at Danny's emphatic "oiily four weeks!,' or that he declined, v an invitation to. accompany us hbmc. There, we have probably given as detailed an account of our week out of town as our readers will have .patience to follow us in ' : 