NOTES AND NEWS. f . where .woman's talents arc being recognized. Sho expressed herself pleased with, and j in- -, terested in the improvement in our beauti-iicityj and was gratified to learn that" wo were so successfully advancing la the interests of education, and general cultivation. She manifested 'the most sincero apprecia tion of our efforts in Journalism, commended our courso enthusiastically; and wished us unbounded success. , She' is certainly one of the most attractive and highly cultivated women we have ever met, and we shall remember with much pleasure her wrds of encouragement. In her tour through thty cityShe was accompanied by Mrs. Varnall, of Washington, a lady of considerable celebrity, who is also interested in Woman's v Work. i ' : A Piiospecxus has been issued of a daily morning newspaper, to be published in San iFrancisco, and ? called the Sari j Francisco Democrat," devoted to : current news, and i jvERi closer the fourteenth jume; It is, steadily improving andialwaysc and valuable articles. Its Writers are through lis columnsjestablishing a successful literary " w reputation. commenced the, jthis popular and interesting work. It deservedly occupies a place in the highest rank of American Literature, its circulation1 is larger than all others of, itsl(class com; bined, v Its contributors are alls persons of : t superior intellectual, and educational attainments. ..f j :J Doea pAEiiooRE'sGojden Bawnhas eri-tere- upon Jte seconoV volume "Journals do voted to the interests of women, and con- i . 9 o'clock " : - Miss Minnie Conway 'of Brooklyn,1 will lake the place prominently occupied by her mother, (now deceased) In the management of the Theatre. Mrs. Bateman : of London, has also resolved to assume - the : management of the Theatre left by her (Husband, These are certainly women of energy and determination, and there can bo: no doubt, far-happier-t- T i down and repining at- - aftervyairds .the , : bpat-- r : '; hrrieepf'liQ An! exhilarating sea brceo was , : ' . sea-sickne- the Providence of time, j Dinner God, Miss Annie Dickinson' delivered an address before the National Temperance Con- vention in Chicago Juno 3rd, in which she n-v- . :S:. - i: - was served" at Clinton's Hotels-afte- r which, tho ball room, ' and. Ice cream ; room below, became the centres of attractions uritil G.30 p. m., w;hen a longing for "Sweet Home'!, took possession of tho souls . ' ' - ; d of our pleasure wearied r checking the evil.of 'intemperance j that pb- taking their seats In the cars they were 1 itlcaj organization and influence would bo ; soon whaling away towards their homes; "Which thiy reached tired arid sleepy but .:tha only, sure means.; ;it was ysojyed tljat the convention, request the. 'next Congress quite. willing at some future date to "try it to prohibit the manufactSre arid sale of all again." U ' . Among the boundaries of , party conspicuous in. their ' alcpnoliospiritswithinthe ' the United States; and use their united in uniforms, ws tho' crew of the "Water fluence tq brjng abou,t this most. ds,(ratyo Witcn;"a portion of the Ujtah Yacht Dub." This little boat with its crew sailed from . cnanQin tne APencauepu,onp? f the mouth of Jordan IUver on the morning Mrs. Caroline M. Severance of Sunday the 30th ult;, entered the Salt Woman Club of the7 New Eng-lanLake j stopped ou the way at Church Island j with her husband and a party of friends,. and made Clinton ' LandiQgr In tho evening. Vifilfhrl miv fftr nn Vino, wto trt rnliffimi'.!. 0. F. W. 'Cr! This noble and accbmplishod woman has for rmany years been an efllcient-lte- r, speak UWOUI The longest word in the English Y" OUU 3 MUUJrtU irwiaui ill 'tun UlUCJCj is Smile3; becauso thero is a milo euiy merus au tne nigh enconlumsoi praiso tho first and last letters. U ' 'fellpw-citensan- -; .V " - . . ex-Presl-d- ent d -- " Lan-;guag- be-twe- - e n' through drink." The workhouses were also -- larcerv t)eoblod fVnm ..v yji. Allium l'V,l junao ' . ance." v Miso Ronian of Provid experience as clerk in tone of the finest drugstores in that, city, is, now apothecary at r tho Rhode Island General having tho whole chargo of that Hospital, department.- Sho id said to. bo the only lady apothecary In the i and city, ho study studiously of German, ; in torder :pur$uing to more; efficiently quality, herself for the work.- ; -- - Miss Stebbiris one of our most highly cultivated and truly gifted women has Written recently referrlng.to the deaths' of celebra-te- d and useful .women who have been taken from our midst this last winter; her ' words arp touching and appropriate.' Sho says: "It seems ;as .though, this winter has been one rough unprecedented tempestuous wirid: beating on the tree of life and shaking ofT its choicest fruit." Four women whoso lives have fallen with tho TO?nw!e i . shall vainly yet. longingly look for, as for the coming flowers of spring. - What James Freeman Clarke said nf wv v, fciiAjU kJUOvUJ Pimock, wyas characteristic, of them alL "So filled rwith tt desire to; help her suffering sis-- bear i n g ss Mrs. Comstbckaa'efllci lecturer, states that she haa visited 115,000 .prisoner! have been convifrtifl ifrnnr4 Vit.i.. : fr J dowh from the north and for four hours the gay excursionists continued; in dancing,and various yayst to enjoy themselves. fWith the, exception of a few cases of .Qvnmg occurqu to mar mo pieasuro' oi tne in sitting han Iraiaedjtelyy amid the shouts of the men, the gay laughter, of the ladies, and the delicious music of Dayri'esl. fuU;quadrillei;baud stationed ori thd - they will feel v . party boarded the fine steamqr belonging to ;'fif Jrio. W. Young,; (since christeried Gen. Garfield") and sailed away from tho harbor : ) J''. t r On Monday the '31st ii4tJioilAC randl excursion party of two hundred a .fifty persons under the supervision, ot t S. Homeland 6. F. Wfcjtuey took the tah Western train and rode across the country to Clinton's; where they arrived soon, after : . havO called forth, the highest 'praiso, and Adniiratioa of an attentive and appreciative audience . ; . pic in Mrs.L! H. Stone of Kalamazoo Mich, deli vered a lecture on the "Origin anctiieyel-bpenie- nt of Art,"to the ladies'; Literary Society of Grand Rapids, .''oa "Thursday ,;evenu EXCURSION TO LAKE POINT. ; ducted .wljolly by them, are springing up 'among the cultivated and'thoughtfuLof our 1 sex; not aspiring to usurp or infringe upon the rights of men; but honorably arid effi ciently to maintain and dignify our own. .:, Mrs. S. R. Weixs, 1 widow :pf Professor "Wells lately deceased, has announced her intention, of carrying on the busiriess; her ihusband had so firmly; I and j udiciously ; established, i We heartily commend her wise policy, and while 4 we would condole with her in the irreparable loss sho. has sustained, we also wish her the success and patronage sho so truly deserves, ..: lj, T '"' - inicro-sco- specimen r mountingris-aemployment particularly appropriate for women of refinement. : ingMay 20th, which is sai4 to ; cT She says n For the Exi'oxKsi-- . , The beautiful spring weather which wo are enjoying, together witti the innumera-- 1 .bio facilities for abausement which our city andJtssuburbs contain, ecmoIliHYitevAC present the patronage of those who love innocent enjoyment. Lake Point seenas to bo the favorite resoit, T aridTXjXcursIoiis And picnics to that place are of frequent; pecui- rence. i ., .. V; f ''. , ' ' ' received tho degree of Dr. of Philosophy by the Faculty of the University of Zurich,for ii wry cuuiuaeuuuuiu uuu accuraio uisseria. tion on the condition of the Grecian women. Dr. Frances ;Hoggenf Loridonreports the sahio fees as men." ? volumo of fifty-firs- t -- - The June ;ffnumirpf:Harger,aVilaga-.- . fcine Mrs. Stephania Wolicka of Warsaw has! ul the interests of he domocratrtVA i;j r Tn:B WOMAN'S RECORD. . - : -- TriE Seventh Anniversary meeting of the Kew England Woman Suffrage Association, commenced Monday evening May 24th; in Treinont Temple, Boston, Mass. Mrs. Ju-- ? 7arci, ETwe presided. Th o meeting was; one' of .vital Importance to the women of America; many celebrated ' speakers' addressed them from time, to time; : and con- amerame Dusiness wa3 transacted. Officers; were chosen for tho coming yean , Bishop , Gilbert Haven of Georgia in the opening-sessionspoke warmly, eloquently and com mendably, in; favor of "Woman .Suffrage" ho says "There . is a moral instinct about j -- ' j - - T, ' 1 uutv I ill 1 resent the home, the family, the churchy education, peace and purity, und the same good man also s.iys; "We want dellvemnca rrom heavy burden, and we can only ob; - 