' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 110 DRAWING IN SCHOOLS. our meaning, we "are apt to husk thesen-terie- e down to the kernel; and to- value' the If the Mormon women redd the Ex art' bfexpressing a thought withythe liusks No ono branch of study pursued in our and live up to its moral and intellect- off. i Wo want the lisakcdidH Words are schools has greater claims than, drawing as ual teachings, they will never discredit the nothing. ' Language would bo abolished if far as the development of the faculties are political frights - tIieynjoy."Stoekton there were anything briefer to take Its place. concerned, and no other one enters so ? Leader." y But, since it can not be: abolished, boil' it largely Into all, the practical concerns of life. ;:! Among the many important reasons' i: - down- - 'f I VVThe quaintest thing of late in baby-talshould bo introduced into all our a little girl seeing a dog scratching to b? ' schools, wo. would enumerate the follow-- : iREcoBD: door an knocked at let in woman's opposite promptly ' - ' - ing. at the window and called out: 'Ing e bell, Pirst. It developes the powers of obser 'IS.' IT: :ii Wnshhnrn 'Tina 1 veil" SI 00o Mrs.' beli." doggy; ing vation and trains the eyey and hand l To to industrial Mafrie for. the School girls. draw either from patterns' or from Natiire; How often ire you irresistibly drawn tohabits' ward a plain, unassuming woman, whose Harriet Hosmer is "making af her requires accurate observation, and examiMjss are formed that lead to the careful soft tongue renders her attractive. In the so- own expense a statue of '''Emancipation v to cial circle how pleasant it is to hear, a woman for Fairmourif Park? y -v nation ot:ail objects,toand theperfectot pbe. the -tho mandates dience of the hand talk in that low key thatalways character izes a true lady. y In the sanctuary, of home . Mrs. A. Si Dunni way of. Portland, Oregon, will. Drawing also larg ely tends to tlio do y how such a voice soothes-th- e fretful child has recently given a successful coursoof lec- velopment of tho judgment concerning -th6 -tures In "Walla Walla, Washington Tcrri- - relations of objects j and it can be rmade- an and cheers the weary husband.Larab. i;:..important instrument in the development :z There isa dog belonging - to a Concord tcry. and control of the imagination. yj" f 'C I H.Jflfe (N. compahylwHlch always takes it Madame Thiers, who is over seventy Secolnidr TfirougKra upon herself to spread a fire alarm, and years old, is said to wear jaunty little : hatsi est in bo excited. Li ttlevclul-dre- n may study makes a great ado about it y When a fire tnat wouju oe youuuui are,al ways pleased Iwith represqntlng, broke out in the village, a few days ago, thirty. the riide outlines of familiar objects, and she rushedlo a sleeping fireman jmd waked her children of larger growth with inore perhim by seizing him by the throat She then MME. Jenny Lind Goldschmidt, andWeis-badefect work: . The , severest studies ypfftft?.'i: went to the house of another fireman, and, husband, will permanently reside in may ; bi relieved by drawing ; having accepted the posts of leading school-robhaving called him out by her loud barking, without in any way arresting tho: fastened upon his clotheiTand tried to have professors at the Rhenish Academy of Mu- exercises, process of continuous mental ueveiopmenc sicr 'V4.; '"y'"rThim expedite his movements. Tccreationalsb niayy bo" imde and Gabrielle, the Greeley sisters, Dniwing "Ida which will supersede those ot a uoudhui A cynical essayist remarks as one of the occasionally make their appearance in " V ? moral character.; y oddist points of difference between man this season, for the first time since the. public death and woman, that woman has no first love. of their iUustri6u Either nearly: two years The long alphabet of her affections is with- ago. ''" ;W;'' v RKT.FisiiyEss.Llve for some purp03Q in out any distinct end or beginning. She world. 1 Always ;act "your part ; WClt ; mounts her insensible graduation from dolls Miss McHenry, of St. Stephen's Church, ilie ' yourself so you shall bo missed and kittens and brothers to the zenith of Ph Had el ph la, sets a ri obi e exam pie to woin e ri Conduct sorbw when your are; one; y Miiltl-- ; with be to use in real tlio of wish world. who to descend the insensible graduby passion; tudeS of our species are living in such ;; a ations from the. .zenith of passion, through She has raised $200;000 for three church re- -' ,: ". manner that they ate not Ukely toQ . pet brothers and tabby cats. There is no homes, which care for 600 children -membered after th ei r d isappearance; They such event as a first kiss forms in a boy's Miss Laura White, the famous mathema-tfciariwli- o leave behind them carceiy any traces; of life to mark: for woman the transition from solved the rprobtem-s- o s aMToTigohon-almos- t longr ind to the sudden maturity of passion; soluble by students is now studying archi- their exIslenceVaiiilnever been; rr They are, though :thcy had she has been kissing and purring and fond- tecture and artr She grad uated from Michi- while somapebblo lyingy un-theyiiverlikc from and her cradle. summer And last she with ling petting high observed among, a million oh the shore; and gan University, will pet and fondle and purr and kiss to her honors... Y": ..' ... .. ;",,,.. wjien aretjiKe mo namo puw they dieihey ' grave. An Exchange says: Mrs. President Grant Kin rnstTntn tlio Ken. whicli iust ruifiWtbeA Bone for Baby. Almost every one has been anproached by the Woman's Suf-- surface,' sinks, arid is forgotteri, without, neiwho ever had a bright dog can: tell : curious frage Association Woman's Congress, Wro- - ing missed from tho beach They are stories about dog behavior. A gentleman man's xiresa xtetorm.isociety, etc., again, ana ther regretted by the rich; "Wanted by Who nor celebrated by the learned in Erie, Pa., furnishes the "Observer" with her answer is: "I am very domestic myself Whoso-tearthis funny anecdote: Mrs. J. has for some and have no iricliriatiori, to change my mode has been the better for their life? wants have they dried; up"? Whose: time past been the owner of a fine Esqui- pf living. I was a favored daughter, and maux dog. A few weeks ago Mrs. J. be- am an indulged wife. Mr. Grant says I have supplied? Whose y misery:; have Jtjiey healed?. WI19 would unbar the gate 01 jno came the mother of a beautiful little girl, of my rights and his too!' r to readmit them to .existence??.. r'What. faco, .... whom Ihe dog at first, sight was very jealhas assumed a self-iCooper Adeline our world; wouW greetHhenVback again ous. His better nature however, soon asmission in Westminister. posed England. with, a smile? WretcKed;' unprod&ctiv. serted itself,-- arid he became very fond of Her to Intern- - itihdfi of existence! "SelQshness is ills; own is now reclaim the problem the child. A few months ago baby was cryperate. Her schemes to win men from It is a starving Vicev; The ;riian;:who ing loud and longy Doggiecame upstairsand drink, her trouble in' getting up, a temper? curs0; doe3: no' good gets nori6.;: He, is 'like .the, in evident distress of spirits, whined in a- ance club,' her labors a class humble among heath in the desert,; neither' yicldiftgruir nswer to the childs cry; but, finally,-a- s if a of costefmongers her institution of a nor seeing .vhen good cometh, a stunted, sudden thought had startled him, trotted exertions in establishing a model dwarfish, miserable shrub, y down stairs. He presently returned with a bone, well picked of course, in his mouth,-which- , standing on his hind legs he gravely To wipe all tears from off all faces is a - now known; as Madame PATTlfCaux, to the presented baby. too hard fbrymortalsj but to alleviate givds freely where she- - takes a fancy, r She task Boil it Down. Blessed is the writer who allows one young American girl $600 a year misfortunes is within tho most limited pow;; : "y ';;; - can boil it down. The man who knows so to pursue; her.musicai studies. She and her er.. ." : 'y"-:before . a Vp.t Newburv 'fMass.) farmer well what he wants to say that he can come husband: live very happily together. The to it in a few short picturesque" sentences, marquis goes! to the opera every night when beginning to'pick his apples: went to houcht 250 barrels, .thinking, that is the readable and quotable journalist of she singSj sits down in a retired corner, arid these days. People cannot wait with the never takes his lorgnette off his wife while 2.00 would contain his apples and fifty his patience they used to have, to get at the she is on the stage. If there is jiny thing in crop of onions.: . He. went at his trees and, anpith of things. The railroad has. educated her singing or acting which does not please filled all his barrels with apples, boughtfilled them out of all patience with slowness. him, he tells her so when he goes behind other hundred in Georgetown and The telegraph has completed that education, tVe scenes, and slfe oes be tier n ext4i m e. them, bought another hundrea in iNewmiry. and recently he w:is arid at the same timer incapaciated them for very, well that what her marquis port and filled thenj, to buy a hundred barrels more. He the endurance of words. When we have tells her is for her good, while a critic might where he expec ted three to pay a fixed many cents for a suggest "or cavil out 6ff some unfriendly told a' friend that he priceso " word for every word' we employ to express picked nearly seven. barrels on a tree feeling, INTERESTING PARAGRAPHS. - po-ne- nt r s - - why-drawin- -- - 1 g k . 1 - L ? 4 - 1- r -- ; lor-aywom- auoi ; ': : ';7-L7;:yT- . n, m , - . " ? V'.-'.1"-- 4 '. ! ; ; , . -- : ; -- girl-hoo- T . .. -- tlie-poor- , s -- I -- I m ; i . " penriy-banfe,'lie- rf . 1 George-frvum.n- hrl - . in-tow- 3he-know- s n 