I 157 -- , aerved fruit, wo are unable to say, but probably a iiko amount. . Ana all tms we miglit save at nome, lor our grapes will make as good wine and raisins as those of France or Spain; and as ior prunes, ngs, almonds and other nuts, we can not only supply ourselves but our neigh borsalso. Fruit canning is a simple process, and can be done as well here asin Baltimore or San Fran Cisco, and bring us a revenue instead of deplet ing our purses. bice, (upland), sweet potatoe, peanuts had mastered the business of lace making. That trait which will mako us tho greatest Could she be expected to make, with her own and best,, most amiable and god-lik- e is - the hands, enough of a quarter of the amount re ono wo should the most earnestly seek to sisters? No, bu possess. Although wo should cultivate all quired by her beauty-lovin- g she might be able to do a thousandth part of those noble attributes which mako tho per. It; and she could'easily teach hundreds of oth- feet man or woman, but first endeavor to ers how to do thejsame, and thus the demand develop the leading virtues, the moving-powerof those subordinate, but none tho for laces, would be supplied. In like manner t ial to ou r perfection. What less essen spi ri t everything desirable may, in a few years, bo is moro beautiful to than that of contemplate furnished us at home: "and we shall have a sur to submission all meekness, humility, things AND plus of goods to sell to our neighbors instead of is and noblest the It pure just? feeling of All important products and costing: us a hand buying of them. one the that the purified of heaven heart, some sum each year, may be produced here in It is now quite generally conceded that the can look upon with pleasure and approbaauunaance, ana much enlarge our industries influence which .woman wields i3 the standard tion. It invites, and is possessed of power ana exports, it tafcen hold of energetically. power of a eomniunitv or nation. President to retain the of God. Our Savior said SILK CULTURE Young does the Relief Society the credit to 'fBIessed are spirit the meek, for they shall inher Is an industry very specially- - adapted to our say that they can take hold of these home in- - it tho earth." --The histories of past generacircumstances and business of great magnitude dustries and accomplish the desired purpose. tions bear record that the Lord delights in which has only been experimented with enough notL? Let to would be said never an humble neonle. and Ho hlflssps ihMn them. "Ye it toshowJts adaptibility ana prove that here now. is four crops of silk may be made from the same who time that those It purpose intr- with peace and prosperity so long as they trees each season. 7 The eggs produced here rare estingjhemselves In silk culture, commencing remain and humble enough - to most valuable and the cocoons brings a premi- - this season, should be making calculations for receive teachable, the instructions of His servants. urn. Now who is ready to undertake this light a soon start. is As as the But when sujoaciently ground they through neglect of prayer,, and profitable business. thawed, the mulberry cuttings should be put would allow the spirit of prido. arrogance honey. out. We understand that Tresident Young and harshness to creep into their hearts; Ho Honey is also a staple delicacy1, and always proffers to supply cuttings from his orchard to would withdraw His spirit from them and obtained at great profit jto the apiarian. It suffer them to be scourged and destroyed by brings a high price at home and among our the sisters for this purpose. And his advice to neighbors in the mining camps. Very fe w dis- them is, that they begin now, instead of put- heir enemies. It is so with us as individ tricts have as many bees as may be profitably ting off for another year what should be done uals: if we aro not meek and contrite, our Father will withdraw the light of His spirit kept, and but very few have any at all. If this industry was up to the capacity of this. from us and the powers of the adversary will forage, every thousand inhabitants might have assail us on every hand. HOME AFFAIRS. from two to five tons of honey, Which, if made The fault of youth, when just starling in by consumers, at an average expense of five filled with brilliant anticipations of a cents per pound." The "Utah Pomologist" owned and edited ife, 'Many are called but few chosen." Every by J. E. Johnson of St. George appears in an Iorioas and satisfactory future, Is too much confidence in self, being regardless of the branch of the Relief Society throughout the enlarged and improved form. eachings and warnings of personal experi length and breadth of this Territory, and At four o'clock on the,afternoon of the fifth ence, xneyreiy too much upon their own wherever a branch of the Church extends, is called upon to lay hold of this subject of home inst., the last stone was laid, which completed responsibility, with the idea that they can -the mason work uponthe St. George Temple. accomplish whatever they please; and; too Industry with a will, and to take active part in often forget that there is One above who A considerable amount of snow has alien the great work of bringing about the perfect holds their desliny ln His hands. - Through people. A few in this valley since the beginning of Spring; pride Wo are sometimes persuaded to acorganization of a out Jn flomespeeM but almost every aiternate.daythesun shines - -- maybe j&oseiita-Jeac- L cept posi tions for wh ich wo: anon warm and bright, and the white carpet fied. It is always best to take the lowest branches, butj necessarily is it left for the many to to look about them, consider what their ten disappears. position until we merit a higher. "Ho that dencies and circumstances are best adapted, The erection of a Scandinavian Tublic exalte th himself shall bo aliased, and he that and move forward. Hall is contemplated by the people of that na humbleth himself shall be exalted." It Shall'we wait one for another? Can we af tionalityin this city. It is designed to be used grieves tho spirit of the Lord when His ford to wait in the consumption of food, of as a rvices, and also as a children sit themselves up in judgment place for religious clothing, of life's necessities? Let each branch, home of welcome for newly arrived emigrants against the InstructioWof His servants "and . and each member of a branch remember that inspired prophets, those whom we should Scandinavia. from all are consumers and that not one should be daily exhort Our Father In Heaven to fill The Thirteenth Ward branch of the Re with wisdom and intelligence; tb impart :to ; satisfied to acknowledge herself in all respects lief Society, gave a very entertaining party on us. A sure test of our humility 13 the wy a There is paying work enough before this peo the evening of the tenth Inst. Presidents we receive reproof or correction for mis deeds. If humble wo will bo grateful to AVells gladdened ple to keep them all well employed. If any Young and us our faults, and seek to one fails to see at a glance, a way of.introduc short time with their genial presence. The those who show who did par- overcome them. But on the contrary, where ing the kind pf work bestjBuited to her capaci hall was not crowded, but those social en- - pride bears sway we will be quickly offenties, or if she is ignorant of her own abilities ticipate, nassed an cveninsr of rare ''' ded, resent censure and rise up in self justit to accomplish something worthy of regard, let joyment. flcation. Humility is founded on a jus- -. her begin and exercise her brain a little. And consideration of the position we hold to Him if she is In earnest, without fail, something who placed us here and by whose mercies HUMILITY. will come to light from which sho may deterwe aro sustained It arises from: refleciion mine at what point she can best commenced The most humblo; WRITTEN FOR, AND READ BEFORE A RE on our own weaknesses. Just now, our mind reverts back a few years, TRENCHMENT MEETING OF THE ELEVENTH persons live the nearest to Godare ever un- to a time when we were personally acquainted xuvu assuming1, genue anu couneous. , S. It, CITY. ) WARD, contentment with an English lady who made very fine beau presence creates a feeling of was are slow to censure ana tlful lace. Pillow; lace, she called it, as it Savior was asked by His dis and security;to they our When their aim is promote peace and happiness. ' woven upon a pillow, the fabric held in place in was the who of greatest kingdom ciples, of humility united with by pins, while she tossed about numerous little heaven, He called a little child unto Him It is the possession the heart, that: bodkins which contained the thread. That and sat him in the midst of them and said, tho other many virtues-owho was the trade by which her father had suppor- "Verily 1 say unto you, except ye bo coo- - will save us in the presence of Him "I dwell In the hearts of the contrite." ted himself and family, and, which he taught verted and become as little children, ye can said J Let us endeavor to become charitable and ..... 4.:her when a child. not enter tho kingdom of heaven. Whosoand virtuous; to love God ; Here tho thought occurs, why should the ever, therefore, shall humble himself as this brgiving, Just his commandments, iovo mm . and keep n for to same is in daughters-ofiolttle child, tho strangers greatest the king with all our mhrht. mind and strength, and pay money dom of heaven lace collars and trimmings, while among ?,r our neiirhbQra as..ourscl ves,' then shall wc The" teachings" of "Jcsuron:t thl3subjcct LV T.' the whble duty of man. TV perform anu 110 wero iorcicie. noi are same articles? We doubt not there very pointoa many exhorted Ills followers to cultivate this such weavers among this people. Suppose, only Trust not the piahe of a friend nor the however, there could bo but one woman found greatest of all traits of human character, but mo most periect example. contempt of an enemy. in the great family of Latter-da-y Saints, who was Himseii T BROOM-COR- ; ; s . N, . , . self-sustaini-og are-not-i- aal i- " . ? . non-produc- . er. - JL V f them-Ives-areme- : J . A 