WOMAN'S EXPONENT. v on the- hvciene o wl-m the- sewinercj- rh- hutter m- whirh ihn .u.va.u u u utunucu4 machine. Those who aro interested in: the- dredge with floury add salt and pepper- brown : SELECTED. v of health, and have mado female dis- - and lastly add the chicken broth; C- 1. . We may get through the worMf but'iwill bo" very slow, eases a speciality give it as their 'opinion II we 13 we x.6S to use as said all that go: of muscles moderate of that the the the jten owrccyne pint It one of of three ... eggs pint: "We'll bo worried and fretted, and kept in a steffT yelks sugar, lower limbs is beneficial in this, as in every ocreani, soda For meddlesome tongues must have something to do. if cream is sour, and soda and cream of other form of labor, thatuso strengthens the For people will talk you know, people will talk, tar if cream is sweet; flavor to taste; flour enough u and that while the usp of half the O yes, they must talk you know. ,Qdemtely stiff batterX take in a TqaC if body Is not so conducive to health as if the ITI ...l.t . J J.ct. ....Ill ninmul whole frame were exercised, it is certainly yourwanta, plain cakeor in layers if you wantT That rour humble position is only assumed icl!7 p3 or cocoanut cake; make stifftr and put iu You're a wolf ja sheep'i clothing, or elso you're a foo- l- better than no exercise at all, as is also the case in sewing by hands The result of a tw6Psof fresh best currants and you' have "a But don't got excited keep perfectly cool. . For people will talk you know, people will talk, series of observations made by eminent nice, plain fruit cake. This 'rake .receipt snoma pe nar times cake,' as it" is valuable to a ner- - f 05 yes, they mast talk yoa know. physicians in France and England, has been named in favor of this artificial motive power. son whose supply of butter sugar and eggs is .limiIf generous and noble, they'll vent out their spleen, v rjr-'v- -' t You'll hear some loud hints that you'rerselfish and mean Other European and also American author!, ted. If upright and honest, and fair as the day, these opinions, especially 'the r Novel Way of Making Jelly e They'll call you a rogue In a slyj sneaking wayv Board State Massachusetts of Health. whites of six eggs, one cup white sugar, same of For people will talk you know, people will talk, ' PEOPLE WILL TALK. occasional! Jt v - 01 " 11 - weD-stud- y -- ' ' : w , tar-orga- ns, - , . i 'r -; : 4 -- ties-confir-m M Cake.-Tak- Oyes, they must talk you know. ; And then, if jou show theleast'boldnessbf heart, Or a slight Inclination to take your own part, Taey'llc ill you an upUrt, conceited and vain; But keep straight ahead and don't sto? to explain. For people will talk you know, people will talk, 0 yes, they must talk you know. '" HOUSEHOLD HINTS. , ' ' besides making the frosting much lighter. . To Preserve cut Flowers. Fill a saue:r with fine sand, piling it up m the center somtwhat, in the form of a mound. Moisten the sand and arransre your flowers w it, and they will keep fresh several : ; J '. ; days. cm y u r ui i , ctwj ua re j uu r wt t f ur Borne one, of courao, will take notice of that, "Z And hint rather 6trong that you can't pay your way, But don't get excited whatever they say, ' For people will talk you know, people will talk, jnui uiu-ioau- i'J tablespoonfull hutter, two lablespoonfuls sweet milk two teaspoons ,cream tartar, and one of soda. Bake in'a large oblong dnmws 'mn'-B-o 'th- cake will bo very thin. Meanwhile stir another flour, 7 1 1 0 yes, they must talk you know. re a whUe warm, between with jelly or aone,-sprea- largest side of th rat--o fnwnrrl Vrtll ' Vnd tvT1 ? diately; or cut in four or eight parts, put" together; altematelr nutting n1lr : ; ,frost lishtly over the torj. i; ftr i; i txrn-rnAiUU- 1' ' r : : . i , ; in the fashion don't think to escape For they criticise them ia a different shape. Coldslaw. Yelks of two eggs; a tablespoonful iZZ INTERESTING . PARAGRAPHS. juuruiu4os,or jouriaiiors unpaiu, juiuuucnuui But mind your own busiuess, there's naught to be made. Cream; a small teaspoonful of mustard; a little xur iupiu wui iaiic you Know, people will laiK, salt; two tablespoonfuls of vinegar. If cream is Wives. Women should know that no 0 yes, they must talk you know. not used, put in a small lump of butter rubbed in a hpait tv h little flour. Cut the cabbage very fine; heat the one of tne They'll talk fine before you, bat then at your bade, and that a gracefulness in mind, x Of venom and slander there's never a lack; : r" mixture and rour it on. ,hnL n n-- irmtv flc . r.r Uiuiu t;ii J uigji jurtimci How kind and polite, in all that they say, Cleaning Oil Painting. Ueinove the m'cture tneir Perso9J that modesty and; meekness But bitter as gall when you're out of the way. true and lasting ornaments: for she from the frame, keep a coarse towel over it several For people will talk you know, people will talk, 0 yes, they must talk you know. A1113 lIieso 13 days, until it has drawn all the filthiness from the quaimed, as she ought to the to some la The best way do to do a3 you please, linseed oil, which has been a picture pass management of a family, for the , For your mind, If you have one, will then bo at ease; long time seasoning, over it in the sunlight and the education of children for the affection of Of course you will mecj. with all sorts of abuse, I?er.' husband, and; submitting, to a picture will be punfied andas lively as newj prudent But don't think to stop them it is of no use. 01 living, are inese charms that only Forpeople will talk you know, people will talk, Veaison bteaks. tut them from the neck, sea- - render wivps aminhlo onVf 0 yes, they must talk you know. son them with pepper and salt. When the grid- - best title to our respect r iron has been well heated over a bed of brisht coals. If you dress .. . I 1 kaJiimn. jij'i -- ar(tne ;fT$r l ? A Hoosier,, rpnnvtpr mvs of tliincs as thev arn nponlo ;i HYGIENIC KOTES. Tf iin cnAnt.n Toon diet and consumption. A Mass save as much of the gravy as possible. Serve he glosses over or smooths down the rough achusetts physician says that poor diet tends them up with some currant jelly laid on each steak. Points, ho is bribed. If ho calls things; by to produce consumption. And that those : ,.7 hjneir rignt names, he is unfit for the posi- . xu txi: one -iuuu,us.-pim non pi a reporter. If he doesn't mcai, vvho !"? readers ; with jokes, ho.isau.Iet. ft. Pf vuv Wl i,w uuuer, uau no qoes ne is a ratiieneaa, lacking stabilitv airare the remedies for it. A substitute for tea. The best Sllh eggs, half a teaspoonful soda; slice soi juicy ap. low, but lacks discretion. If he lets wrongs stitue for tea, the "Herald of Health" says, anJad(i one teacupful, if liked;bake half an and injuries go unmentioned, he is a coward is nourisning loou ana .rest when exhausted. hour, bauce cream and sugar. a- public man, he does it to .. If ho exposes . ncn :a TTInfs Trmisaxmrt Tf oatmeal wcruel, mado with soite is the tool jVDowioi of mi;(i, I ' LfviOAA iO U " n nimiio Aril gratlfv ' n. Will milk. RnrVA Iipffor v. with very strong soapsudsihe J ustre appears im- - Ions to tea. "outs." he If man " in indulges pef- Even a bowl of,vvt,uii-uobeef tea with is a he may at mediately, and the dustf the polish does 'not fly sonaiities, blackguard. If I e does times be substituted if preferred. Let them around as it usuallydoes. Dry paint is removed not his paper is dull and insipid.' bo taken at rcjrular meal tirrma.nrui fimn of. Ktfri;n;n. ou o .i . ' nuu-Nfllll.J u' . hi uauuic ;111 ii ftLnillir , ARAB ter eating rest for half an hour, thus rivinc lion A 1. Tt of axnWc. gentleman who ingenuity. nn,n wrt.r hia mare own in rPde the stomach a chance touso the forces of lim annliod with a'Arv the course of an casS ,ini, ' ni'.w ' ern tour, asked'his, Arab attendant If he the system of digestion. Few know tho an rim ouu uivvusgoiiiurajiowaiKo. uuuu v a ruaiaiier eaung. .. , jiany : umv Annfrmnn cook truits stilland care Ytmtt&ai lo right "Oh. ho just requires vps." dyspeptics, would find it almost a cure for apple sauce is a very, simple preparaUon, but, like ten steal from one another, and rob their their troubles. u.uiu cim?, iiiubt uo aiccnaca to in inonasHorses, but ! can always find out it APrLES AS FOOD. All Ominont "Fronnti cyco detail if Wo would have a nice wholesome your;maro has been cheated." "How?' I physician thi;iks that the dyspepsia and bil dish. It depends entirely on the kind orqualily of some always put pebbles in withiho barley ious anections m raris, have been 'greatly the apple whether it should be cooked a short . . . auu V.UUUK VAUU 1IUW , decreased by the abundant use of apples as Ilone . . il m -, tinrt r.Ak r m. i viui u .frtinnrl " uWuw,. fcoiijf ujsku me many i put in. 'mo maro never cats the v food. HoTnaintains that this fruit is an ad best sauce or b.uiu Never sweeten stewcrl fmif nohhbs with ?f pies. k t,wae! if t mirable prophylactic and tonic, as well as a until they are soft and and then cook in the morning, I havehard words, and quite very nourishing and easily digested arti- but a lew minutes afterward. pulpy, : they cannot tell how I; know, so they giyo cle Of food. The OTTprnlfl nf UniltM Fricassee of Fowls Brown.Broil as for that tho best tinlo to cat apples is soon afiot. "p cIieatin her;.,:lU--l-.- .f pw then iry slowly m butter until browned; ter breakfast, so that th?y may form a An Inteltigent Equine. the After part ... toast 4 . ., rvlfa of the morning rheal. They are an almost , j bread v"ana liv i nn flirtf ,iL. ii.. uuiitT uieiuuitui ui iravvion, 1110 iuiiKinan wno was 'V.tauu. ' hmtK little a thn Fcur k 1 nf sure cure for constipation and liver com- chicken. i v. . f . v uu xir iu .u,,fH crimen nui-cuuaiu avuuut; tjuuuwum ixiny ; with the browned butter, thicken with flnnv cooi. , v.?3 Rnnritf plaint." ki,to suit, and pour it over the chicken or if mn WcAf pnrrv nn iha Kiisfnnw The SEwiNQ machine. We seo articles want it very nice, add ,th5 gutter. for the;gravy met by a: discouraging obstacle in the, fact : tAfXhSLmltotLZ ff ?-..- ' ' . I I 11 t.-- rkiii-tro- r V I Wa V 17 A. u 7 u M r ?J - 1 .. " "Quifuic 4 . 1 1 i r- tT-rn- t- M . T I I . -- - 1 a T : , 1--t; Liu fA .iu vitn u W.t ,i,;:t 11 : 