For the Exponent. i WOMAN'S WOBK. y 7. ; 5 , , . m ? to be attended to. minor details of home-lif- e In the mean timehusband is keeping up with the rtinies,ahd everything: now ho recognizes and familiarizes himself with the progress of j the agei How much benefit does the wifO derive from his knowledge? Very litUeOccasioMiyhbay give 'hei some information5 if it suits him, but in; a general way; if the wife fasksj her husband for information he replies in ' monosyllables rf: What remains to- bo: done then? inform dno'rf''6dlf.-V.-1know nutnberiess instances where a man has married a girl fresh from school and society, or I from some sphere where she had been accustomed to see and hear and understand what existed in the world around her, and he has immediately shut her out from aiiiassociatibn r except his "own, and perhaps, soma; personal friends,v and if she had the .newspaper to read and now, and then a raagazinqj to; Iook.oyeri seemed to think it all that could be expectetT bf'him, ".If, ho took, he. sometimes to ?T ' theatre or lecturo it was, a fovorj (or .she 6tight! p consider it :soS ?If , this contented the man, or satisfied hm, It would bb a cbmraehdable; but unfbrtoately ' the husband is the one who is dissatisfied and don't know" what thW matterliii wifo Mothers, jnako yourselves companionable to ydur boys ; it is the;: best wlay ; to , gi v them exalted ideas and sentiments of vo men. Recently I heard a boy, ri n speakin g of women; declare he could nqt bear to sec . a woman push' herself forward land plam herself in a position fit only for men: ; His idea of a woman was to stay at home and keep .the, house, etc. 7,1 fi she cwanted Uo study-an- d improvb her, raind.at home that was .all yery.well, but'not to .make a public O display !of?itr?', ,rfr, ;n It may. be well enough tohave learning one neverk'es 0 .but it is exactlv ' simUar to having clothes you uovcr wuur, ur a gniuu, jiariurryou never Tn IrAAn nnA'a m?nr1 ' rrf oKf nril on;., USft. ones must use: tneir iacuiues; ana a littl- elearning put to some practical use is far better, In Jmy bpinion than endless stores of information left to moulder: away; prison-hous- e of the liuraan mind; Gold noaraeu-umay oeneiit oostontv.H nt i0f one he vei so, . learned and, if they never writeor talk, or teach, ) who is benefitted by it? Who do they make happier or bet-V""' v:;v;,;"i'r , ; iX BLANCHE BEECH WOODw. " i, but aim not to be sreat; "Seek to bag-qodt li :A Wenmn'iiiODrest station is retreat? " ..lierfajres virtue fly irom pubUotlgbtiU-inorth, tbat 6buni too etrony jaltebt.v ? . , i ' L tHi:u-Itomcstl- author btho abbycLwas a very; greaC many a man of brilliant genius and exteni sive knowlodgo; learned In science, and one who held a distinguished name and rank; but alas!rhe ,was exceedingly uninformed in regard .! to woincm One would judga irpni hisViews herb xprbssedKthatswomanJ-- 1 wasIncapabIo of having ahopinion of lief; f Tfic .: 1 owhbnriyubjecthe Ce tbo iiyo'in Nineteenth century,; manybf us, differ withr this great pwt : f of JPr-- , writerndvnovelist Jljbrdombbr ' lfamerifc6tc.;7'vb hold 'other views 'bo! thosubjecp t'ftmlyeryinw this author's style 'of woman would jonly beX a living specimen in very bxceptioualcasesA There are thousands of women who never haVe thb oppw they possess domesiic worth;"! they.iavbtnol fireside "to sit byj'ho.' table to 'preside .'overy-an-d no husband M provide them ivith tbeT shelter of , r , , lf;r In raarkingrout ' wpmah's f coursCjoCcbn act he has fUUejd to take a broad view' of, the matter; ho' was evidently thluking of. one woman on!yr and that one undoubtedly1; his wife, or his servant; certainly she was ; not his companion in literary worki'et or lie. would have formed a letter conception a,-hom- , ; did the great Creator bestow upon woman such wonderful talents,, gifts and qualities for if not for use t.i Would He cre-at- e something for nothing? Nb; for He has shown us clearly that jail things are created for a purpose, to fill a certain sphere, j to perform a certain work, to complete a, nlnn wMh w.iq mnrlrnd niiL nnrl .iinrlerstnnrl v rr by tho great devisor. ;: If .woman cannot radiato beyond the do- "What -- x ; : J - no purpose 7hatever. ; - 1 1 'But why phisdfchize like this? it is all sheer nonsense' women have not only a J lit-tlem- al,T luJ551 There is no nation more fluent in conversation than the American. The JFrench are iuWUDtIoa XandAltsjDcg: anxiety and I ? i nr.MMddmon invL 10 ' usekecping, the It would lent, other a deplorable th lug if who- married were rea ri 10 th!nk W wr he end o onii'1150111?053' lhat horean Vr there wero to get, little chll fcrn to ir?he knitting - bo ljhjwlng9 OS . ' 'f highest ht - ; len t - 1 . -- cm- - - 1 , and husb and, have found ynrmc t0 some ex : J minyJnM endur ev More, how womrU m? ?,St 6imiIar C0UWe? HanJ r . . re- -' more voluble, perhaps, their language permitting, greater rapidity, of pronunciation than the English. Our best conversationalists' are pot rapid talkers. One trouble with us is each one of, us likes to do.ali the talking; therefore Americans are not good listeners. But mere talking is not T conversation- In almost all home circles there' is ' much talking done during the day, but we ftijr there are few who do not reserve their nnst brilliant conversational powers for ' other assemblages than the home group Many a father comes home tired;; ho has -- worked hard and talked- - a great deal, told witf amusing anecdotes and displayed much f He has come home to rest.; He takes up his paper and is soon oblivious to everything around him. W ife would like to tell him many of the little harassing difficulties of the dayan.d would like to hear some of his he r were a interesting experiences, . but-'i- f deaf mute he; could not be indro silent, 7 only an - occasional grunt 'answering her many attempWi0at conversation; and ,the children, except the good-nigkiss, and often not even that, are not noticed: ; '.' Such a hbmej whether the abode of wealth or otherwise, cannot be a healthy and happy one. As a parallax, draw around the evening lamp of another homo circle. ' The father tells the anecdotes from the paper Per as ho4 ;readi them; the mother laughs sweet, low laugh," and the children burst into Cf1?7 ha! ha's! To watch them as they to the answers and, ask nucsy?in? patient explanation tho wonderment, - . upon henelf the cares ot housekeeping and of Wrk; next comes ! HOME CONVERSATIONAL TRAINING; ? cultiyalo and'develop c v ubdu:0 and crush and aspirations, and to . , --out the evil tendencies of mo tality has the iLet woman speak' for herself, 6 , right of freedom of speech; let he rv.-braised against immorality and impnrufc let her thoughts and aspirations flow out in the clear fountain of light; if she is herself pure, her words will carry conviction with them. God has not made woman in vain ; she :has a place to fill, a work to do, and if 6he seeks diligently unto the Lord He yill apioint her work. Ilut women are too &low in 'moving forward, afraid of criticism, of beiqg called unwomanly, of being thought ; masculine "What I of- it? If :men are so much superior Itv "women, the nearcr-wcoiae up to.tbc m;nly standard the higher- " il." 'X V weWoyateour scr. J ' -i "Woman's work in this" day and ago is riot d , i- f wo-m- 1 ter? ? down-trodde- t $ - ; ; ;. 4 workf a ivbrk for all her r: suffering i sisterhood; and it willnvant all the courage' ano! heroism it is possible to arouse in the rising generation to stem, the current of vice and evil, and sppurify the earth, that the Mili lennium can be ushered In. ; Salt Lake City Nov. 9, 187(C .jrrrlviM-- f Women have quicker: .perception in these nice points of distinction i than men; they readily discern slight," neglect, or .want of affection,-anusually bgin. to grieve.; de spond or murmur: neither of these will ' eyer raise; ( them in their - own estimation, arid one must have before they, can inspire it in another ; , a Hi! L The timo has gone t by when women .may sit Idly down; and ..wait for a lover or husband. There is too much to be done, there is no room for idlers; there is an essential work that women can do; I do not believe there are top. many women in the worlds there is work for, them all, if they will come to the, rescue; it is because so few are willing to work, or understand, what is expected; f them, that a few must do it all; but. let hQ awakened to the wrongs that must n and suffer-.b- e t ed, to tho J Nffhv. id tho world will see that g ones, iu. not 6imply to multiply and man s work ia , renovate and restore; to fhe replenish, but to: insticnts 1 m n v:lti:S ,, ?7 in-ith- hind the times; hecanjperceive that, biit thinks not he is at fault. He sees other ladies who have not married so soon perhaps,, or who. have more will and independence, who are. not so completely swallowed up in their.husbands, that appear to better advantage than bis wife, and yet he can, not, for the, life of him,iunderstand what ' isthe' reason.; a I ceases to' be companionable, she i3 old fashioned in her notions, she cannbt talk' inter--1 estingly as she once could j her dress doesn't please him, she is not nice enough, her hair is not arranged "according to his taste, her manners are less polished, in fact, she is be- ; : r orb , abroad for all man- t work to do at homo bu kind. This work is morel complicated than that'bf manfor whereas men ;nre only f,1 , Pected to fill one office or calling women are always expcted,.under.lc cumstnces, to fill at least two, and peror1 tho real abor of a dozen. Han singles out or be at trade, aprofession; spends5 a speci- - V itJ toakiDS himself ac J his business; if ho marries he is just as competent to discharge tho duties marriage does not interfere'- mux m mo least. How is it with woman? VasUy different ' y ; , ; . 1 'ilo'my-.opiiiibn- 1 .self-respe- ct ' 1 ;Ju 1 - in-tcrcst- . thought impru;cd bh;thciryouug. faces is a picture for an artist. . This homo education is a heritage more valuable than land or money; and ono1 beautiful rccom-IKins- o in lifers that in making others haiJp t or j I we bring happiness to pnrselves. " Ameiicau. Baltimore , 