W 0 MAN 8 EX PON ENT . 103 ' . Ivt VULGARITY 3.1 M- - Vt THE 'f OF LADIES. ' i ...The Sprjngfield RepuUicap i$ shocked by XadiesV ;jThoulgarity:bf . .j,;, f .There la a kind of assumption that; Wo- man is aneater cleaner,' more sensitive and more refinedCreature' than Man. It may1 be so, but a lady will do many things which a gentleman could not bripg himself to do. There is no. ftntleman in; Springfield, for instance, who would ..walk through Main Street dragging part of, his raiment opithe ground after: ftim. A Any ejjtlemanj would j. "7ITlIrfii (re (9 parade mseIf 1 - e- the street in such pied in reefing the slack of his pantaloons, after themannerbf holding up skirts atthej present time. Amirican Vgeutldmen attach the charajcter.of ogainWeir -- to a man who . wears many jewelsrand rings, and recognize 1 .; a cognatevulgarity.in,ihQ lady 5aWbo similarly overloads- - herself m occasions when What personal adornment is not in keeping. we mean ia tbat,there is a modesty and sobriety of attire and eveVof bearing among MSMiM&nm hlcK jheecogUlzed comblnktioh1bt tosle e e;nds;-Dpon:th- Selection of certain VarietlesHapItt-HickPear, oryQuivn best. The Shrub and Oak are among the best. are Gather Sassafras Sumac and very imfiron leaves thejm the slme day, .and t the . iron them dryVyour iron mu?t not be too lBfoM3rLffie ;leaves may bo kept upon quetahunche3of LeavW cah be pressed and the twigs.filpped licG fielted ."wax, or ironed wi th a waxed iron;" but the colors will be more brilliant'ir ironed If and" then Varnished. you wish ito ornament ?rames;;with them, the frame need not be made very neatly as fthe ( leaves f will ( hide the Vimperfec.i6n3. Strips of jpasteboard. tacked upon the frame are bettersome;leave3i Will not adhere to wood. Put in your glass and picture first, .and, fasten firmly i.with;, strips of muslin pasted around the.edge; common glue ut . into a can;an48oakeclJn wate.Qverj night, J and then boiled slowlyi will answer; use it thick and hot. r1Pgqropt ft little in a saucer, and dipia the.fpFr part of the leaf; then press it on the frame, Jeaving the upper half curl slightly in time, l66syhey"vv'iirthen ?s and havQ-- much-mornatuniifappearsnce. a at Ihe'top and bin finish the i)bttom with'ra rosette of leaves. If the lfranlo w civaf dcavcs call be framesgrpupsDf tynrusryf as the taste put-ca eithe!de,)rcorners mav.suggestj.fQc the .centrejOf uspjcvcdasliDg Hotf ers, ,berrieij or acorns. To preserve choice, leaves, arrange on xLniSj'orform iiitfr bouqu ets1 on 'heavy paper. Leaves. for cardsvarnish on one side, for bouque. on both 'sides. , .Ornamental kiul verlastiag flowers ehould be gras-semare extensively cnltivated. v ,the-grp- up s .' . lt-Tw- UI ; 1 " - XL FACTS ANtt FIGURES. ',u I 4 ! ( Chicago at tho 10,000 ond-b- the year! will liavo T morDhuosertbn TuM Vfchest vvoma'h ' In America s Hiss Kitty Wolfe. Her income is"$ 1,006 a day. The hike SupeHartiues siiice ISpOhavf of :irdn ; m yielded hearty 7,000103 would be )wijl; to remember ;Ht sftairS jare one very point to be' considered, and one'. upon" which " little seems to have been thoughti ' It is an absolute fact that it takes f'twenty times as much strength to climb . stairs as to walk on an even fiurface,'.and iflyou doubler the speed- you; quadra- pie the force, required for the effort. Staircases should be constructed on sanitary principles- - ' the rising step should pot be more thin six inches in the width of each step, should be height-whi- le eleven or twelve inches.' If the flight is long, there should be frequent rests otherwise the exhaustion of continued effort will dc great" or a good otTffaiiwU supply of leavcsras 'mariirx of them will be - Sanitary Staircases: When so much is being done for the preservation of life and health, it toaM,thenfedlIy autmiias, ofnameutatioK but.Iifealotlier. rutrel Hi. gum-shella- chronic ; 7 There are various ''methods of preserving fetUi-Yuttfthings; anil 8kiir m gateerin yr",ri.t- yi i c in alco: r Shellac Varnish. Dissolve diol; keep it well corked;y This is" said to be the - best waterproof varnish for boots and shoes known. . Applied to tho Jsolcs' when . dry, it , prevents . tlie leather from absorbing the water. It b. unsurpasmake sed as a remedy for cuts and bufnsrr wood. water tight, and prevents its warping. It will mend wood, crockery or class. Ta Ikecn moms irom lurs, apply this varnisn to a ..paper bag. I After the furs a re ib seal the bag up' with ' the' varnish and- they ?&r$ perfectly safe. !i , SOMETHING kBdill AUTUMN u LEAVES. lIi; .' s corn-starc- h : To treat an ordinary case of sore throat, the Herald of Health advises the wet paclras the A linen cloth. wrung .m simplest and best treatment. from cold water, and over this a knit - or crotchet band four feet long aao'four. inches' 1wefy "'Apply" . this two bithree pights lalracCeioif tinlcss it is a a very serbus case, then the pack should bo kept on "during the day. . If removed in . the morning, wash the throat in very cold vwaterr and rub dry with jtHln'd. V hisdll isg pfrej apd prevent taking more cold. The more friction used the better, let it be a sort of squeezing of the parts this so as to afftTttho;.deprscata way sore throats may be prevented from becoming 4 W. ''-fr-s- tofflperatare.7TT";:-1- dish make a frostiriglof the three whites of cjr, well beaten up and pour over the top Eat cold. Custard Cakes. One ctip 'of : sugar pno; eg?, cneUhird of 'cuijLof Huttcr .fmt together ind beat to a cream; add one cup of sweet milk 'two cups of . flour; one teaspoonful of soda and twoi teaspoon-.fu- ls of; cream of tartar; A Bake in jelly tins Cus-tar- d for mside, one and ?a half cups of milk, two i eggs (reserving one white if frosting is desired)' one and one cup of sugar. tablespoonful of ; to flavor suit the taste r - - : "4 1 , The fHeral J of Health glr es. a suiipld remedy For the appetite for strong drink an orange taken regularly half an hour before breakfast. h: : ; consider-bjmseiftUed- , h and.prqbiy Ay9uM v8.9H inrthe;nand3 of jijft fbrcra commission" de lnatico W :r HYGIENIOKOTES. to catarrh, or whot are subject to it, should as much as possible avoid sniokp and dust. The sleeping room should have an open fire- placdj and should beell aired (bran hour in the The diet yearly bornui'g;" andW draft" pJrnjitted should be nourishing,' and alchbholic stimulants avoided, i JPIannels worn, from the middle? of Aug- . ut, and increased in warmth as the season advances,' give protectibugainst tho suddeutliaiiges of . ance, 1 Psons inclined j. -- man would lufxA : A Pewter formerly the property of Geneml Burgoynernndi4iiiirkcxl:with:his name, is now in possession of a .family? at, Gahsevoott Saratoga 'jtuny"w97Jt4uW"' heeri for' nearly a century. Jtt; was niumt of Baratogi, in a hojlow iieari ih:o battle-fiel- d Tea-se- t t A aiGANTic Statue of; Willirim ;the'?Don? queror has boon erected at Falaisoj .The monument is surrounded by .the statues of theslx firstdukesiof lTormaridyi Iuls Ahd.'ifrj work Of I 6pe of the finest equestrian statues in, , vpe'9 JLSli 1 ' lard, tafloK.a4.1sw,iione oudca'each. v, iT androger. Buch wheat Cake. To make the cakes . Melt . come off nicely, rub the griddle with half a turnip, which is considered by many much better than fat " Disinfectant -- Burn ground coffee7 on a hot refrigera-'td- rs shovel as a disinfectant forJsick-roomSj-,, 1 j" f -- . Jnk-stainsi- hc JWwasE'OiTcldth" .Msoap should never 'tw iiied but wash with milk and water and rnb dry. Excellent Qima CemcntTlurniay 'bo made 'into 'a'thkkpaste of by stirring plasterf-Pari-S strong apply. with a brush and let the gum-arabi- c. ; articles stand throe days before trying" them. ' - Shrewsbury Cakes. Mix a stiff paste with one of and a half pounds flour, three fourths of a pound of sifted loaf sugar,'a tcaspoonful of pound-Vc- d ' cQnamoif, half a poynd of 'warmed batter and one egg with a little milk! floll it out thin, cut round an djjike in a slick oven,, , . TapiocTCrem" Tfireo tablespoonfuls of tapi-occover it withwater and let soak' four', hours;" then pour off the water, put" in one quart of 'milk ' and bofl; thcA a ;teacupful of sugar, and a little salt. Stir until it begins to thicken. Pour into a -- a; . t . '' To Ghze Linen.- - This may be done by adding ateaspoonful of'saltrind?6ne of! finely scraped white soap to a pound of starch. n Books. They may be removed by ! the wetting spot with a solutibn of jae ounce ox-aacid and half a pint 01 water. . .SifcENT jNFi.TjcqE.r-r- lt is the bubbUn stream whcl fl.ows gently, the UtUoTivulet Which. ruu3 along . day .and night iby: the e that is; usefal rather than; the. swollen, flood or wlndipg catanict; Niaa-r- a excites OM,rr wenderj Audwejstaud amazed at the power and greatness of the Creator. But one Niagara is enough- - for -- the world, while, the same world requires .thousands and tens ofHhou'sab(li'l-bf-silfountains and gently-flowin- g f rlvulets, 7 that water tartH and and garden) and fmeadowir every that 'shallifloW- 6riroVery ' day dnd .'every night, Withl'thelr gentle quiet beauty. So with the!act3r xst our1 lives;- - It is 'not by great deeo! like ihd50 of the martyrs, that goodif to be done. Jt is by.,tbo daily and farm-hous- ! etc- lo heigfitlantf was executed in 185i; but'lack 61 furies has prevented till now this addition to tho raeraqt rials of tfie dukes of Normandy ' "' one pound; Cans.-Res- in 'ujr seVeiiQTisiihkilograranies in ivelght- - jtt HOUSEHOLD HINTS. .Wax (ot Sealing Fruit ' being several ;metre3 the . - " quietirtuesof.lifethe.dhristiantemper, meek th forbearance, the-spirit- of, forgive-- , , tle husband, the, wife,, the fatner, tho iinpthe, rr the brother,; the ,sisterj the frjendj the neighbor, that jt is to be, done. ness in , . , , A doctor returned a coat to a tiilor because it did not:ilt him. The tailor; aeeingr. tbq doctpr at the :fuqeral of ono .of .hia pa. tlents, eaid .'Ah, doctor, you are a happy .t man.;r.; , . ;. - l.i :' - V : .. 1'Vhy.Q?,! asked tho doctor. IQcause,,, reph'ed the.tallor, "you never, have , any of your bad work returned on ' . y ''hands''' 