v ( W Oil A N 5 g E X P 6 L GnEEXE OmXXI RICHARDS, B. NELLS. ) Editors. V -- j many ' a.m. to 5 pur; erefjr day wepi Sunday Address all business communications to " 1 Pa Wishers ; TTomajc s" aretbere not ' f. : ,.k .ther-jseiyes;;rece- dmtmi spoke home, which could boused for4he pnefit f our own people. " Bro. A. H,rMu8ser; said that- - all at first had:small beginnings, for .enterprises example to the clnirHi when nrst brganizedoke of the amount of b female port 'on of our pepple,alsp to the who woulu 00 glad to gather the leaveschildren to feed the worms; lvid thev Wthreno put 0ut rees and help'lhe wdrk along; sAid; now waa jor nii wfio ived ?as; many-?up- 1 jn;.. proportion h ;l4j:tti r : ExpoKS7,rrr pfocV arid jmrTpWdlngsrIfitW and women j are allowed the privileges .'and rTt "rightsf-tner-Arner- ira ; flAJLAKE XJITC BECT 11 1875 years there will need be "no complaints ma against their system of education. , Strangersdonot hesitate tor say that the chil- - j dren here are just as intelligent as in other com- , munitlea, notwithstandlpg they are fhut put j,(rbni thp.woHdarid,Kave beenboma thpufand j , mijeai frpni piyjj IzatioiQ Oneljofesfiorial ; geh J ,tle man from the. East! Who has'be'en for several I yea past a.residept othis city' remarked thnt ' The subject of education, and of. superior education Is ;bne: fnuch talked iotvand nmueh ' thought of in this day arid ago of the world. Indeed there seems td be a more' general jdhTu-slo- ri of education among jhe masses pf people, than at any previous date of1 which there is any ' record ; ; : : ; ; ; " :' ' :; U y s M r! i 1 i ' Yet there are still those who are' destitute of i fliej knowledge of read ingwritingv' arid the jnosiwinraoD Drancnes, even in tne most enlightened oou n tries. ; Probably much of this r , in energy, vacjcsoiiis. iiu fpee . . . i . - , :ut ! - : ' - HOME AFFAIRS.-- 1 . ' !' . ounce8 -- -- ob-taiD- flfeiuedstonii- -- applyingt ' Qur beloved Sister Lydia Golden Who died a sllf otsnkiwormgghlchaldb heC fSy " r i! ... amount of wealth it would bring this Territory; saW that he had 3000 inulbery trees that were domg elL;.. Motionedthat; Bro. Hanne of Proyo work the loom, left with the 'Superin; :.... tendent and Presidents h 4 if ' Mrs.ZIna D.tYbungsaid that Mrs. Dunyon had presented ' the asspciatipn "?wlth several - ;1 t ; rsoraq from willfiilness and various other causes. v leaving the JbrbadTfield i lare? comliig down" to 'XJtalV4 Territory, . epeaking of the peoplewho are gairjered nere 1 f rora all parts of the civilizeil wwld how nuch ! might be paid to them .ou this.iroportant subject. Much has been said ta awaken them to j ' ...i Ui . j jurpassed those' of.young inen'In, Other cities that had x;onie under his'observatlbn., ' 4l H':iiV.v-- A t ! i;ttiajmer!8yor,tie..,ypu rcd aheadppka.of the; manufacttire 'of made a successful business of, what benefit it would prove, to the people, anda of the : .; ,ufc-wv- KnW Xrom time to time of their IoiDtf: a aj stirnu ns.and:cnicQura I " ,!,ci7,t r-- in other places, as iri ItiljakeJis4ynK t NewYork and thos& large ci ties? - ArTthey sou far In advance of Salt Tiake when pne" takes in to consideration all the I ad vantages pf timp, 1 Salt Lake City, Utah.: ar 7"f--:- ' people r Exponent Offlce;' corner of South" Temple and First 'East slrectSj Opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 9 t. not who having ; (an education," th1nkrU3o- neeesaarv-fotheir r.nihirun m nnr5pnfl" tnpm And feel they ;need their help at Vhome; .but i3 not ion iae case in every, community,-- ana v.i .... ;f :, t- . In reardferUacrsv'.-y- ports,tHat the importations of raw Bilk'fof are 1,257 packages,-- gbldValue, '5965,380; KpV and for the five mput! ges. valued at 10,340,489; Of ahVNov: receipt-23- 2 packages were via. England and the continent; and lm::thepverland route." H o such advantages as wili prepfe tiiem: fdr wide spheres r of - usefulness. ; Yet. there, afe ( Salt Lake Gty. Utah. 12.00; one copy Blx months, C'X . of nine. AdTerUsing IJ j , Ten copies for the; price, rates; Each sjnare,',tcn lines of nonpareil spaced one time, t2.0C per month, 1.00. A"Bbcrilf 'discount toPnhlshed bt Tcni'B; One copy oe year, . neither Is It the desire of President You rv rir anv of tho authorities of "the church tntk tliVjshould, but instead to use all' the 'fnlAueVce apd J means possible to educate them, and give them THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT j. EN - 308 ed short'tiirie ago,, deserves k tribute of 'praise and I There was also a. very ;ne smcimVn of:hnma made silk, which was raised and reeled , respect from th'ose w)id Ineff' 'he?vreaiu worth by I Mrs. Belinda RobioHof Farmlrigfoh. and many. womanly virtue.'' Shl wAVnhfrln. was 'It tionafe mother, a tender, irup'and Roving wf fe, ! pronounced by Competent fudges to be as good j as they had seen anyyhere. ,u, fe"('i'K-"ci4wpman possess- !i'f, A Ing great Christian phari faulil and I Br9fer Beuben Simpson read an article to tyftrtf& ' ; show the benefit from the raisii!grana Manufacfailings of others she was benevolent tp. the poor,, and. needy, v warm , and nsym pathetic to- turing of silk, wbiclrwas as follows: ward those who.were.in soirow and .'in irrief The sllk interest of America is growing and Therer-TT-i- io prosperpns. uiej uo3pei of Jgsus complaint of hard AutAjjjywuj Christ, j 77tjmcoUcIrT It is worthy of note .that; Sister Golden, eHfe reducers d not ftKtti&tMrBrii ' the first woman who tlie f ton!ue$ ever Canned auy Jrulfe Hn j governriieritbut bnly that :j3k la ws ' be ' rigidlenforced; 'The P?6 'Utah; i ,r r u an interest in schools; 'and, all institutions ;p I learning. But that those whV possess all the t advantages of bookh and good schools should--"bcarelessr IndifTorent andneglectful of any- - f thing so importantr is a mystery , Abroad in the world, an deven in the United States, the people rare undeF the impression (most of them) that this peculiar rAdpIe the latter-da- y Saints do not believe in educating 150,000 persons, CoitrjESrONDE2fT. womenr andJ i aro the masses, that they wish; as some foreign ; girls who fon hiet per, powers do, to keej(tlieni in:ignorancey in order: .r??S?r,W jear .aaVrnment atlhe the manufacture is $14,700,600: so 'far " ' -'ArAi'iVirV.thatttiey. may' be more Easily governed 'r 1875; Mn. Zina B Yonri They'dp not' judge rairlyrin this Young said thaBJ;WSchettlei; liadreported id asmuch'as, tne raw 'material can be nrodrirAd .matter. They doiioi toke' lntoUonsIderatian - -- w mcu "i a wua all the disadvantages this people havot labored China and apan.'l .1. A bor, could bdrpught.'J reet'ingLadjoumed: tuntir under, in times past to bring this barren wilder.7 the uvfisiuicient jiu ness Into a fruitful field; arid of ihqsW wjio are; :vh January. lSJGat the CUy Hall at 6 p. m. to nurchase all th still laboring to exUnd the Iwrdera of the ,Ter- -' the Territory, J v;a!il ; i u f 4i ritory, building cities and towns, and peoplin g Secretary Dro tem. B. 'AV. Schettler. said that he ; p. are in vi ted who would like to trv them with new settlers, i mostly foreigners, interested in the raising andtmanufacturinff of tho who gather here from religious motives. , But raising.of silk, orhave any: information to w.n, Bo&o ui in time wnen President Brig- that the subject of schools and education is one impart upon the subjects hamiYoung advised the brethren send and of vital importance to those who havo the true get Borne machines, said that ho 'sent and ' got interest of this people at Tieart, two Shekard looms, he had one ?left the known i r 'other to all who are acquainted with the policy of the RETBENCIIMENT..; got burned.- The machine when Imported course pursued in regard to schools ever siricol cost 350 dollars-rhprofTered to let- the. Kkjieti i ,. Art.essajjjwn tten v for ant V read l beforp: the ;..:; ;: have the oneat 100 dollars if after it was J - !; they eettled hcrv fixed Ladies' Young Retrenchment Association ef lany of the pioneers of this country, and up and had teen worked they:were satisfied 20th the Ward. , v svJ-l-J- ),: the first .settlers here, have donated largely . with itrsaid that he had writte n' tt Urn .Poi v: .;, My; beloved sisters : A b:; ., ; , for the benefit of schools, have sought by every ; Schettler whb wasln California tor" more rartic'- T subject chosen for means in their power and all the influence they is Retrench-, me maciiine, and weuld rt urujcg :. ?s, ft greatf deal more contained In one week but proflered rtie: possessed, to impress upbq the' inln'da of the the goclety the re'trenchrrient word than ' we 'goring 'folks iise of the loom and pattern 'cutter. 1 people the advantages of .liberal education. realizas general thing. There are'a Improvements are constantly being made; and n Brother llanney:;of 'Prov6r beinovictors from the Ejist' who will take the time be eaid.that .he could jfix up the looni ari'd could al- to ; tllev to examine into the .conditions of the schools Vr.fctT "' but pleased Are afraid "nf joints, ; so wqrkiU ff;;'':.;,V called to In this city will find ' :u spealH "Now upon it underitan'd the , . ; Bro. C. W, Stay ner,' read. from a they cempare very favor, ably In all reppects to'the institutions of learn.viyvwfvt mawwiavjuu, ii, is 10 reireucn in sUtisUcsof tbe American Silk Association :the, in , "Tli every idle thought; 'woand actionV,a:,fajr'"ai" ing Uirrpective ptates: children of orK, ssov. oth, 1875, the following stateiew,i this territory arc net growing up fri Ignorance pcjeslble, andto stri ve?to overcome bur timidity ments.'. rTh gilk.ssoclttioji pfAciPrtca; re- -. In rising to exprcpufthopjMand pne f 1 . e 1 ; j" ? ii!.?!.PyVp .al?f!ldn ; 1 and-controlled.- 1" llW'ih'eplkll 5 ' 1 ew?l fv wo -- in-(:cste- din ,so-Jjcie- M.-.j-jr-;.- ty . - S-tl.- . . 1M -- is-wel- V- . - o : - : :- 1 to-d- ? ; ay V TJ6 re-I- 1 . -- - nrnf iium--:befCV- -- nS 1 fi;cr... , I . , 1 