WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 50 . As eoon as the weather permitted, we started for Winter Quarters, arriving three started weeks before the for the valley. -- Here we. found we. were short of the' requirement of provisions for all of us to continue our journey. My brother, after trying to collect some money liif ma nwinff ftihor (the Virtirpn WPrfl in no condition to do anything besides look after their own families) after asking counsel of Father Morley (he was one set apart to give counsel) "he decided to vai t another year. He made anangements with a family named Kinyon for me to travel with; paying him one hundred dollars in provir 'sions. We had an' uncle here, Benjamin Aber, who offered for a small weekly payment to take care of our little brother; we lelt our wagons, ana goous.in nis care, while my elder brother went down in to get work. r He wai in his eighteenth The next spring he was rick with year. malaria, and the next year while coming up the river, he had his trunk, clothing and money stolen. Sick and discouraged, he went to Cincinnati where he worked into a partnership in the steel and stencil engravHe prospered, and bought ing business. out his partner. We corresponded until the civil war broke out, when he wrote thafhe thought of joining the army. That was the last I heard of him. At Winter Quarters I met my sister Mary. She had lost her young husband, John While driving the cattle through the Missouri river, he had taken cold and died, and was the first white man buried in the Indian Mound at Winter Quarters, leaving a bride of five months,, a widow at the age of fifteen. She stayed with her husband's mother, and journeyed across the plains in I Captain Jedediah M. Grant's company. traveled in Captain A. 0. Sraoot's company. Kinyon being captain of ten, I drove a two horse team for him as far as Fort Laramie, where my team and three other horses were stolen by Indians. From there to the valley I drove a yoke of oxen; walking most of the way to lighten the load. I helped set out the meals, wa9h dishes, make mush for next day's lunch milked four cows that gave enough milk for our mush. This I strained in a churn, and and the jolting of the wagon churned butter for one meal; seven in family, three boys, Mr. and Mrs. Kinyon, her brother George Swartout, and myself.. One morning at Green River, Sister Kinyon's babe was born, a widow by the name of McKimins acting as doctor and nurse. In about two days we drove on, joining our company at their noon lunch. The babe became a great comfort to me, it was something to love all the next winter.. I would hurry through my work to hold it in my arms.. The family never knew how the, orphan girl longed for the kind words they so freely gave their own, and that I had been so recently deprived of. The mother was a good woman, but the father was always surly with me; only speaking to order some work done.- He became weak in the faith, and later going to Cali fornia to seek Detter conditions. On his return trip he and two others were killed by. the Indians. I heard the family went to southern California in the spring of '48. Second-compan- .... - - Mis-esu- ri . Mur-doc- k. received flcur "in payment for bringing me ' out and keeping me a year. As eoon as the roots' began to grow, I had dug them and mostly-live- d God-give- n, -- drivings of those who hated our religion, gave us a goodly land where the Saints have grown to a mighty people still growing and prospering as we never could in Kirtland, Missouri or Nauvoo, only in the valleys of the mountains, where a multitude have found homes, raised sturdy children to manhood and womanhood no more intelligent ones to be found in all the world. I lived with Sister Murdock until, my eighteenth year, then stayed with my sister Mary. She had married again and lived in Kaysville and remained there Jot fifteen years, where her six children were born. Her husband, 0. S. Holmes, was persuaded to go to California, going with team, driving his herd. By this journey my sister had crossed the continent from New Jersey to the. Pacific in a covered wagon. Her husband died.a few years after, and I was at she her bedside -- eight years - after-wh- en passed away. My brother Benjamin lived four years with Uncle Aber. Tired of waiting one morning d he started out and complained that carrying the water to walk to the valley. After walking until across the fort and other work was too hard very tired, lie came to a camp of men going - for me. She made arrangements to take me to-- the California gold mines. They kindly and demanded my share of provisions, five brought him to where the roads, turned off, hundred of flour which she got. They-hathen got him in a train coming-thiway, - . bare-heade- in-la- bare-foote- d w, s . . I wa3 married to Charles H. pecker a an active business pioneer,and one that. was " man,' "aiding in many ways the improve-ment- s being made.. He crossed the plains fiftythrfe times, carrying the United States mail through a hostile Indian country, es- - or, them; although jWere almost tasteless it stopped the gnawing hunger; and I was told it was wicked to eat more than was necessary to stop hunger; the children were" younger .than I, and I felt they needed the bread" morethanIdidr having less control of their appetite's. The Mormon Batallion boys were coming into the valley nowand7 had to be fed; each family giving what they could spare. By trade, work and donations they managed to live. , People had now begun to move out on pieces of land, to raise crops, having brought seed with them, some living in in tents, some leaving wagon boxesT.others I wentf with their families- in the fort". Aunt Sally Murdock and her young son Nymphas, fourteen years of age, to help plant and herd the cows off the fields. We Had no fences. We had neighbors doing the same. Our crops on Mill Creek bench were doing fine; irrigation ditches running everything looking prosperous, good bread, Here we fared milk and.sego roots to eat better than some of our neighbors. One near U3, having a cow and a little meal, lived on gruel, another, by the name of Johnson, lived on milk alone, their families in the Fort, faring little better, all waiting for the crops to mature. Then came the big black crickets. All turned out to drive them off; the old lady Murdock and myself with willow limbs walking up and down each row and 'Nymphas filling the ditches with waiter to drown them. But with all we could do, more came, until we realized our efforts were vain. Then came our blessing, the gulls. We stood in wonderment to see them fill themselves and disgorge, filling again and again. Then we Aunt Sally knew the Lord sent them. raised her arm3 to beaven and said, "0 Lord, we thank Thee ' for our deliverance!" Here I wish to bear my testimony that I know our heavenly Father sent the gulls. Ours were the first people to make homes west of the Missouri river, a.thousand miles from civilization. Our Heavenly Father had delivered us from persecutions and ' valley. . he was guide in finding and rescuing the late hand cart companies; was in the mountains in Echo Canyqnthe wjnter Johnston's army was coming. He served in the Indian wars, and belonged to the company called minute men, and later the Nauvoo Legion He was a liberal giver at the time of, the wheat famine when many were asking for bread, many new comers who had spent their last dollar to bring their families to the valley. The crops failing that year, flour was ten cents a pound, and very little to sell. It was a pitiful sight to see women selling their trinkets, rings, relics that they had held almost sacred, for something to feed their hungry families, children out asking for crusts of bread; men begging for work at any price, and jgain the grasshoppers stripped cur gardens and trees of every vestige of green, leaving them in a lew hours as bare as in a winter day.- jIy husband died seven years ago in March, in his seventy-sixtyear. His first wife, Vilate Y. Decker, died soon after, leaving three children, two sons; a daughter, Alice Pitt, now living in Sugar Ward,, had twelve children. I have only two living, five dying a few hours after birth. My daughter lives in San. Francisco. While visiting her I witnessed the earthquake and fire that laid waste that beauti. , - h ful thriving city'Nwhere death and destruc- tion now reigned. In the confusion parents lost their children, and children their parents. Babes were sent East to find homes, and will never know to whom they belonged. Two days we were cut off from the All means to stop the tire were exhausted. We had gone to the hills when the relief firemen arrived. Next came the carload of bread from Utah, and other relief soon followed," money was of no use. There was nothing to sell. Rich and poor lined up in the street and waited for But the story is too long to their rations. tell here. I trust I have not wearied my readers with a few. incidents of my life with the Saints, or tried too severely the patience of my yery dear friend, the Editor, rest of the world. GRANDMOTHER'S FAN. Grandmother's fan I shall take today Thus in my hand to the matinee Grandmother's fan arid my pink bouquet. Grandmother's fan such a beauty! Seel Hand-painte- d satin and ivory! Grandmother's fan and 'twill dance with me! Daintiest, surely, of dainty things! ; Look at the and cupids' wings! Sweetest of odors around it clings. rose-wreat- hs Grandmother dear, with her girlish grace, Once 'neath this fan hid her winsome face Once when the w orld was a diffrent place! Once when with grandfather first she met,' Daintily treading a minuet Grandmother's fan may remember yet! jihejsraa gcnUe and' hlUhe" and trnferi Grandmother dear, past whose cheeks soft hue Fluttered this fan and her secrets knew! Let me be like her, if so I may I who am taking her fan today Thus in my hand to the matineel ,... ; SCOTT.-HOPPE- K. - ' 