'VS. o ' . : Vol. 37. . j4 17 SALT LAKE CITY, UTA1T, MARCH, 1909. CONTENTS. PAGE KeminiBceneea of ISauvoo Louiea Decker General Conference Relief Society ...r..., .Mary Alice Cannon. A Tribute 41 42 REMIN1SCENSES J- - OF NAUVOO. Written by Loursx Decker trje'Exponent. My parents David and Houisa NOrris were No. G. dishes and fine bed quilt, to donate her part. About this time there began a spirit of apostacy among a few that had bein the Prophet's trusted friends, and with the ill feeling-othe out side influence caused him . much sorrow and this bitter feeling grdw, urged on by our Missouri enemies. There was a paper started to keep the bitter feeling stirred up something after tin style of the "Tribune" here. It became necessary to keep night watchmen out to prevent, a surprise ir an assassination, there were false charges gotten up to get possession of the Prophet and take him away from his friends which was finally accomplished as is' well bom. in the state oL New York;,wh"en they married'moved to the state of New Jersey, .'. Obituaries .......'.. 40 where their four children' were born. ' Stake Relief Society About 1837 a trave ling Erder, Ball by name Reports: Granite Alpine Davia 4(i uciu a meeting at meir noKSe the subject beBurial Customs in England L. I). Alder 48 ing of faith, repentance an'd baptism. My mother sick 44 Kditoriahj-Reli- ef in the back Jay room SocietyjConference listening, 7. and was bo convinced of the truth that she The New President 44 In Memoriarn of Annie Taylor Hyde.... 44 askedto be administered' and was baptized in a river where the ice was cut away Social Hall Parties 45 to perform the ceremony, thatrestored her Ellis R. Shipp... 41 Poetry: Prohibition . ..Some Time to perfect health. She was wrapt in a quilt knavrn by all. May Riley Smith 43 The Nauvoo Legion wished to go with over her wet clothes and rode a mile home, changed her clothing, and cooked dinner for ' him but in his last talk with them; he said PROHIBITION. brethren stay at home the Elder and her family. said "I go Did you say you did not favor prohibitions' cause? a as to Lamb the This testimony I have heard her repeat Brothers slaughter. That you would oppose such measure as a statute several times. John and Willard RichSmith, Taylor, My fatheidid not join the of our laws? Church at this time, but a short time after ards and some others accompanying him on Stop to think! Oh hear the. echoes ringing still from age to age, my eldest brother Nathaniel had taken a the way going with him; the Church history records the dreadful tragedy; my father was Wails of anguish, cries of hunger, themes of poet, severe cold and was becoming very deaf; . priest and sage. mother being of great faith sent for Brother on guard that night, he came in early in the Ball and asked him to administer to my morning with the sad news, that caused the Could you see the midnight vigils anxious wives and mothers keep, brother; when he arrived he said Sister Nor-ri- s greatest sorrow, and mourning ever felt &ee them kneeling, praying, pleading see the throughout the city. do you have faith that he will be healed? little children weep There was no breakfast eaten in ouphome she answered certainly we have those proCalling for the husband father hoping for his mises. Then he repaired to the woods back that morning before the burial of Brother near return, Josepn Snd his brother Ilyrum; the Saints Yet they're almost fearing dreading that" for of the house evidantlr to seek the Lord in which they wildly yearm prayer, returning m aoom an nour ne aa- - had the" privilege of passing through the Mansion house and taking a last .sad look at fc , ministered to my brother, ymo was immediOh the direful, dreadful vision of a man with reason therm: And when I saw where the bullet gone, ately healed and was nevfr afflicted afterOnce the type of noble manhood Now we see wards. Then my father iined the Church, had pierced the face of Brother Ilyrum Jhat ' j him stagger on, had,caused his death it made a lasting Imsold' his possessions and skirted to join-- : the Blear-eyedark distorted features, rambling on me that I never can forget; the Saints; got as far as Kirtland when the baby pression speech, and shambling gait ained them so Jburial soon followed, using great caution as. Ah you turn away and shudder, with the thought sickened and died; which of such a fate. late that he thought best to stay oyer one there were spies on. the watch to betray: I go sometimes and listen to the trusted old year and work at his trade blacksmitbing. Still we Bee this picture daily in this land of free he ia still There he loaned out his money and failing man that dug the graves at night, dom's pride. with This and still more sad conditions- - poverty and to get it, we were kept back two more years living emong us and his face lights up crime beside. joy when he says "and I never told a' living a great worry to my parents, as was which Greatest sins of every nation have their origin in soul" until asked by one having authority, . they had itarted for Missouri and a great "Where-wadnnk my father buried?" he also told Drink that kills a man's best impulse, brings him part of those left in Kirtland were weak in me he was drummer in the Nauvoo Legion to destructions brink. the faith, or had left the Church altogether. and cut stone on the Nauvoo Temple. The last year we were there 1841 and 42 we use-and darkened, Brightest thought judgment Not satisfied yet those opposed to ua belived, in the house of our Prophet Joseph fulness and manhood flown, All that made him loved and honored, 'ere the gan a series of persecutions; . also a great Smith near the Temple. My brother Nathto demon drink he'd known. aniel andsister Mary had been baptized. Just apostacy took place and jealousy arose as Then arouse, awake each nation, every town and who should lead' the Church. .Sidney before we left there I now being eight years city hear, Lyman Wight and Strang had :their The Saints had now Let the cause of prohibition spread its banner old I was baptized. meeting was called far and near. settled in Nauvoo at which place we arrived followers but when a.arose and spoke with built a house arid blacksmith and Brigham Young That no more the eyes of childhood may behold in 1842; father it was as if the Prophet Joseph's very shop on corner of Parley and Granger Street power, such wretched sight, voice spoke through him. I heard my father Let the force of man's example ere impel the near the homes of many of he leading memand mother when they returned from meetcourse of right. bers of the Church, and three blocks from others since Let the earth consume' such fluid once for all home thus he was blest at last ing testify to this, and many the Prophet's and never more then. I believe it was the largest attended and true; he join tried the with tn:Mnr.iftte words of with these, the blood Mingle So inany mortal, ring ever held in Nauvoo. from shore to shore. ed the Quorum of the Seventies, also the meeting among us now drawing away from 'the Temperance and Prohibition! abstinence from Nnvnh Lesion and became one of Brother habits vile. Mother joined the Church and the opposition from outside made d. Joseph's Bringing freedom,"' peace and plenty, making very trying times for us and a night guard Relief Society, Emma Smith being presir: earth and heaven smile. had to be kept My father and mw' ol the to get well an had now pportunity we ' dent; Ellis R. Shipp. Ilia fjirmlv. :n. ii.AT)nnliit ' i.j Willi Nauvog Legion were called to .this "duty. LiiC iuuusi QmiQiniHli Father w&rking at his trade through the lay with.his chi My sister and I went to seaool .Now com d Rtandmsr euard ar night. 'The women of Columbus, Ind., have start- dren hx menced a system of getting up false charges of our house (the- - teacmt jameu ivciocj ed a petition to Mrs. Taft to follow the ex' - against our leading members to nave tnem our at house). B. in boarding Rutherford Mrs. set Hayes ample by arrested, to take them away as they had done one each and built was Temole being The the White Hause not to allow intoxicating our Prophet and often they were seen by the sold and many to desire help, to is seemed; liquors to be served there." Mrs. Taft to put guard prowling around the homes of the could spare scarcely that they thirds quoted as saying that, though her husband reApostles until it was not safe to stay in'their can I the building. towards means the did notruse wine, she would allow it on the ; own homes. member of . my mother selling her China " as it had been the custom." ..Annie Wells Cannon iiu. Mrs. Stanching Passes 81st Year.... 43 43 f -- . " - : -- and-also Hy-ru- m " , . . d, s 1 Rig-do- n, body-guar- 1 ? " A thwlsW . ; . , . table, v J " 