r - " ' ( ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. '47 the revelation ..ifttre- wbfd'of wlecToli Which was given to the Prophet Joseph Smith, and which we have now been required to observe as a commandment. The people should be constrained lcobserve it as a duty. Some have ne excuse and some another.' UhA v,v I L.i- f r mat beiore many years that we will have no saloons in our midst and they who run them wil find better occupation, then there will be more happiness and comfort 'in our fami-lieLet us sfand shoulder to shoulder and see if we cannot make an improvement in this line.May the Lord bless you in vour labors. Duett, 'Sometime, somewhere Sisters Korten and'Stice. Sister Annie C. Hindley gave a very inter- eating sketch of the fife of Sister Emma Hale Smit wife of the Prophet Joseph Smith, BDOWing her humility of heart, her devotion to ner husband and her ability to preside, A. J. Evans, oY the Stake Presi- dency, felt happy to see so many young motner.s present, and. heartily endorsed the reveIation read by President Chipman and a1.60 his remarks on the same. Sisters, plead Wlth your hu8bards to refrain- from the habit of smoking, for their sakes, for your sake, a.nd for the childrens sake. Referred to the sermon on the Mount and advised the sisters read a11 tiree chapters. Our mission is to keeP our light burning; speak words of kind- ness to those who are in trouble. President Standring rejoicedin this day's conference. Thanked all who had taken part in any way and blessed the sisters. Asked the Lord to strengthen us thatwe may be able to put in practise the good instructions we have received today, desired the blessing of the Lord on all present. After singing and prayer conference ad- J0Urned for three months IK' e - The quarterly conference of the Relief So ciety.of Alpine Stake was held at LehL Fri day, October 30th,: 1908. President Rebecca Standring presiding. Meeting opened at 10 o'clock by (he choir singing, "Praise to the . r . man wno- communed wiiiiJehovah. Prayer was offered by Stake. Counselor A. J. Evans. Singing, "Come ye who love the; Lord." Minutes read, etc. All wards represented. President Standring welcomed the sisters. Was thankful for the good" reports she received from the stake officers, as shR was not always able to visit the wards as rrmrh as she would like. Payed that faith might increase with. the sisters. Urged the teachers to do their duty and inquire into the feelings and condition of the sisters- - Spoke of the General Relief Society Conference at Salt Lake and felt that the blessing she received had fully paid her for attending. The sisters were there urged to teach the young women' the importance, of Temple ordinances and marriage for eternity. Also that the sisters could take the holy oil and administer to the sisters and theirchildren. "We know there is no blesBing that will be withheld from the sisters if they are faithful." The four wards of Lehi were reported by their resDective iWdentR. All nnitprl. nf. fleers and "members. All in good working condition. Attend to the mother lemons and enjoy the teachings they get. Are making clothing and quilts for the poor, and have put their granaries in good condition for keeping the wheat. Song, "Only waiting' Sisterg Clarke and - T 1 - Whitman. Brother Jos. H. Clarke of the Stake Presidency made an excellent address full of in spiration axrd wisdom. He touched briefly upon many subjects pertaining to life here and hereafter, care of children, eternity of marriage, etc. A brief sketch of the life and and labors of President Rebecca Standring was read by Sister Sina Chipman. Sister Standring responded in a few fitting words, giving the glory and praise to God for all the gifts bestowed upon her, and for all her blessings. Singing, "Glory to God on high." Benediction by Counselor Harriet Jacobs. Conference adjourned until 2 o'clock. PrPfliHnt. Standring presiding. Counselor Jacobs in charge. Opening devotional exercises, mi- Affpmnrm Sooomn 9. nVlnnV nutes, etc. Counselor Harriet Jacobs in her opening spoke of the care given to the sick, this is preparing us for our future life, Thanked the officers and committee who had ty oil i;rv,r, the sisters present during the neon recess. tv a u s. - """-Brothe- - . Emma Minutes of one hundred and twenty-fourtconference of the Davis Stake Relief Society held January 29, 1900 at Bountiful, Utah, President M. E. Knowlton presiding. Opened with usual exercises oi singing and prayer. Counselor Elizabeth Ford was pleased to meet the brothers and sisters in conference this morninc baid we are all united in our labors as,a board, and made explana- tions about the btake work, Counselor Emma J. Strong felt well in attending conference. Spoke on the ject of Temple work and thought a great deal of good will result from the efforts of the sisters in working- - in the. Temple, If wp nhsprvP thfi worn or wisaom ana nve near to the Lord, we will not have so much illness in our families. "Face to Face," was jAyocal solo, Cora Barlow. Reports were then heard from the followSouth Bountiful, West ing branches:Bountiful,; East Bountiful, Centerville and h v sub-addre- rend-eTedTbyM- ss iss - a:. - , shas Jhen-readvisit4- he . Latter-da- y Saints. and Clearfield;- , . President M. E. Knowlton was delighted and was pleased the elements were faror-abl- e to our conference. After indefatigable labor and effort the outlines of study for the Relief Society for 1909, and 1910 were completed at last. We have a lew copies for distribution this morning. They have been approved of by the General Board and the stake Presidency. President Nancy Willey of East Bountiful said we have prepared lunch and desire all to remain and partake of it. Singing "Glorious things of thee are s spoken." Prayer by President Emma J. Strong. Oflicere meeting held at 1 p. m. Prayer by Presideut M. E. Knowlton. A calendar of visits for the coming year was prepared eachpresident giving the time and date of holding their meeting. Sister Myra Winegar was released as Stake missionary. Sisters Edith Eldredge of West Bonntiful, Ellen Smith of Clearfield and Esther Haddock of Clinton were sustained and set apart as Stake missionaries. Sister Mary S. Leonard was honorably released as assistant Stake secretary and Sister Kozelpha J.Knowlton was unanimously sustained as assistant Stake secretary. The balance of the time was devoted to the reading and discussion of the Outlines. Dismissed by Counselor Emma J. Strong. Afternoon session opened at 2 p. m. with usual exercises. Counselor Elizabeth Ford was very well pleased to see ttfe large number present. Of all women we are the most blessed in our opportunities for doing good. I pray that we may all live up to our privileges as then reported: KaysvilJe' Layton, Clinton Secretary. Three wards of American Fork were reported by the presidents, all doing nicely with an increase in attendance. Keep in close touch with the wards. Help those who are crowded with sewing for., the children. Gain a benefit from "mothers lessons." Have sent two young sisters to the Nurse class. Farmingtoh; Elder Wallace W. Willcy felt pleased with Teachers doing well and trying to have Gos the reports. The Relief Society should be pel talks with the sisters m their homes." in me w t AKrhA spmnri tn no other organization Ti. xi Church. It if a great benefit to women and ; Webb e- The Stake President Stephen L.. Chipman was all maied women should be mmbera great benefit to the bish- Relief is Society the and spirit the exercises, with delighted of peace and good will that exists, also with ops of each ward- m Sister Mary Woolley Sta 'the testimonies borne. Rejoiced in the word nterested of wisdom being kept; it is an old subject, said P and we each of us know how well we have work and oved it. It is the stake. m different organizations lived up to its requirementsj-h- e - go. The following society organizations were Featherstone, DAVIS STAKE. find the spirit of the Lord wherever we fsK - Sister Jane J. Eldredge spoke on the subNone of us are. our own ject of obedience. masters, as we are governed by fthe laws of God, and we must bring ourselves under subjection to his will. If we break these laws we will suffer the penalty. It is one of the greatesr laws oj the kingdom of God, for by being obedient we will progress and live to better the world and better makind. Counselor Emma J. Strong said, I love the society of the Relief Society sisters. I have been asked to report our Temple work. A day was selected the 22nd of January to devote a day to work in the Temple for the poor, or for those who cannot do their own rework. One hundred and seventy-ninsponded, which exceeded our expectations. In three months we will go again, as I think it will do a lotof good. Spoke onthe nec e&sity of observing the Word of Wisdom so we can ask our Bishops for a recommend to the House of the Lord. A quartette, "Come where the Lilies Bloom," was very nicely rendered by young ladies. Counselor James A. Eldredge explained the absence of President Grant aud his mother Sister Grant,' as they were attending services over the: funeral remains of Sister. Rachel Grant today. Also spoke of the ill-- " ness of Counselor Jesse M. Smith, which prevented his attending the conference. There is a great responsibility resting upon us as Latter dav Saints," we receive so many in-structions, we ought to be the best people on PArth. Gave a briet account oi the nrsc arid the organization of the Relief Society From this small beginning first officers. e - 