This no doubt in most instances, is the result of mistaken kindness on the part of parents or guardians and on the part of those who would like to govern their children in accordance with the requirements of the gospel, the condition is .forced upon them, by their too careless neighbors, who by their conduct not only utterly ruin heir own off spring, but by their contact, precept and ex ample and that of their children, bring ruin upon Jhe sons and. daughters of- their un- fortunate friends and neighbors, and it seems to me that the only remedy is the conversion of the parents, to the knowledge, of their strict accountability to which tliey will be held in a final judgment day by God our eternal Father; or as it were, by "laying the -- - axon the root of the tree," and in those who . do realize their position as "moulders of the: minds of men," insisting in unmistahable "terms, upon strict obedience to parental authority mildly but firmly administered, and that parents themselves should look upon it as a sacred, duty to meet together and partake of the emblems of the broken body, and spilled blood, of. our slain Redeemer, our elder brother, who freely gave his life that we might live, as our Father has commanded on'that holy day. That we may manifest our" faith in his promises, wherein He prorhises, that the 'fullness of the earth shall be ours." For if we keep not the law, how can we claim the blessing? I feel that we as members of the Relief Society. which was established by our beloved prophet so many years ago, for the purpose, as he said, of not only caring for the poor and the needy, "but for the saving of souls,' should be not only exemplars, but reminders, and helpers ""to those who are weak, young mothers for instance, who perhaps stay at home so long ' vVith their young families - thrV it becomes a habit, and under .some circumstances a positive necessity, with cross babies, and no mother, sister, or friend to leave them with1' if we love our neighbor as ourselves, we will some times take the place of the overburdened mother, in the care of her children for an afternoon, or evening and. let her go to the house of prayer, where she may become refreshed and her faith strengthened and renewed. We who are old in the gospel, surely need not be afraid. if we should miss a . meeting once in awhile, to give an opportunto to another the ity enjoy privilege which we enjoy bo constantly that we would lose the faith, because we should be, "not hearers of the word alone, but doers of it too' and should we not have our reward for so doing, in seeing the renewed interest with which the tired mother would take up her labors, in her, household, and the renewed determination to live nearer to the Lord? and as "sacrifice brings forth the blessings of heaven" so will we receive of the blessing of. the holy spirit, as a reward, .for a duty performed. For do we not desire the salvation of all of our Father's children? and if we are not all called to go to the nations of the earth to preach the gospel, let us not neglect any opportunity to spread the same athomeV both, by precept and example, that we may indeed be the children of God, and receive; of the blessings' which he has promised to those who would go to the house ' -- - of prayer. - Caroline C. R. Wells." Miss Ethel Arnold and Mrs. Turner, two sisters of Mrs. Humphry W ard, are as strongly in favor of woman1 suffrage as she is op- , LAVENDER . sweet thyme, marjoram, rosemary, , and many more rue; callamint, whose virtues were well known in past days when they were gathered in their proper mystic hour;. another to a gate i that opens on to fairie land a deep pond bordered by : : grow bitter-sweet- HY ETHEL WEIJLIN'G. . . , As I walk along' a crowded street with the sun .re fleeted andjthrown up' from the pavement the and dancing in the dust-glifterin- g light; an added warmth and" fragrance steals around me like'a cloud of whi te mist and changes again into pale purple breaking into softest green. Then spikes of summer bloom rise up and the murmurous sound of bees and the heat and fragrance' of incense fills the air. I pass through the door of an old house and into a room where on a big chest rests a black and gold lacquered tray filled with lavender drying in. the sunlight.. I. see oak chairs of ample size, dark with age and polished with use and I notice that the shutters of the long casement window have in each a a little hole, cut like a heart, to let the light through. The house dates from the XVIth century, but the solid oak beams and some of the stone work had been used in a building two or three hundred years before. The walls, upheld by the wood, have a strange music in them, they vibrate to the voice and foot steps on the floor. There is a throbbing silence in that house, it swells into volumes of sound of all the immemorial years. The beams still hold the music of the living oaks and all the wild birds that nested in the deep shade of their branches. After the song of birds and other sounds of nature there is the whisper and record of all the human lives that have been discussed in the For years the house was great ingle nook. an inn,-an- d how many men as they sat around the hearth on the big oak settle, sheltered from the draught and cold were cheered by the imprisoned sunlight set free in the flame and rglowing embers of the " ; ti n 1 CI 111 IIXUB, C V CI p v it J ilift ill iv ? where, the busy Tits vork and play the wholft day long. All the paths are laid with Hint stones mai in ineir. sirance, uneven sua pweeem like the characters of an old rime, and the seeds spring, up between strong the stones, for him who reads the. rune aright they burst into a wilderness of flowself-sow- n ers. ago, the rose and the.honey-la"de- n scent of the broad bean blossom filled the air in a little while it will be the ripe fruits of autumn plums , peaches and apples but to'day the lavender is being cut and the winds are laden with its 'perfect sweetness, the burning incense rises as I stand in the loveliest garden in Kent no, it is a London street? but I see the spikes of purple flower and hear a girl's voice cry "Livender! Penny a bunch! Sweet lavender!" A few Weeks. NOTES AND NEWS. 'Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt,the President of the International Woman's Suffrage Association will sail for E.uro'pe on Feb. 13." The woman suffrage bill has been defeated in the Vermont Senate, but by so narrow a maigin that a change of three votes would In the Vermont Constituhave carried ittional Convention held in 1870, woman suf frage received only one Vote." - Governor John C. Cutler of Utah writes to The shelf running round the" room near the Boston .IVoman's Journal: the ceiling, with old lustre ware and pewter "Woman suffrage has been most successIn standing on it, like the beams knows no ful as a practical expedient in Utah. touch of plane, they were leveled by the ax fact, it is no longer an expedient, but an inalone and the hand that wielded it swung tegral part of our civil life. Politics has into the rhythm of nature. The sturdy been benefited by the refining influence of knot that marked a new branch spreading women; .and, instead of being unsexed or deout to the light, the surprise and pleasure of based, the women have been broadened and the uneven line, i3 still the record of the bettered intellectually, and. socially through great tree's growth,;the builder, builded bet- the study and practice of civic affairs entailter than he knew,' receptive to the propor- ed bj the franchise! tion, the harmony and contrast of the living ' "Politically, the influence of woman suftree by whose strength the house still lives frage has been on the side of peace at the and shelters life. polls and theselection of better officials,' reThe back of the house is like a dream of sulting in p, higher honesty of administrasummer. There is the red roof with its great tion. Socially, it has resulted in a more slant and rich color, only broken by the chivalrpus regard for women, and an undormer window and quaint chimnies, the questioned acknowledgment of their green painted. barrels for rain water, and the men; and consequently their right well is that miles for known around. ofparticipation in affairs of State. With the deep wuii jam la null puveu wim reu uricK, u experience Utah has had, we should not half with old flag stones and separated from7! think for a moment of returning to the male the garden by a border of delphiniums, suffrage system. sweet peas, carnations and pansies. Tne "As. to the probability of the expansion of heart of the'garden is a great pear tree that woman suffrage into other States, I can in the springtime, with its wealth df white merely say that every State ought to adopt blossoms, reminds one of it. Doubtless all of them will in time, but V mountains. "T"" progress in this direction will necessarily be ' All the paths radiate fromthe pear tree, gradual,because it involves the overcoming one leading to a magic circle where herbs of great and deep seated prejudice." wood fire. .. -- -- . . -- equal-itVWi- th snow-cappe- d 7" R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. '; posed to it. i OUR SPECIALTY ladies; - OF ready-to-wea- evrrv r nusrprPTtnM garments TRY US . 