4. ... ,:r.i ... I'V WOMAN'S. EXPONENT. 8 the journey alone, as far as her bwritelarac'i were concerned. A MOTHER HONORED BY HER CHILDREN. RELIEF SOCIETY SCHOOL OF : Truelson - hy her children, it seems to hie might well be mentioned in our Woman's Exponent as an example to other young people whose attention may need to be drawn to the fact that in honoring their parents they are obin hnnnr nf The Presidency and General Hoard of the Hrdief Society announce that the next. Relief their Society School of Nurses taught under direction will commence Monday, September in Salt 20, 1000, and continue eight months Lake City- - Dr. Margaret C. Roberts will be Sifter .Tehaihah se-hcti- ng serving one of tlie important commandments of God. It was on the evening of Friday, June 25, 1000, at Sister Truehon'e home in the 20th Ward, Salt llake City, and was arranged by he., two daughters, Mrs. Agnes T. Best and Miss Marie Elvira Truelsen, assisted by . son-in-law-- of . 1 -- -- by-the far-of- , ' . . Batjisueba W. Sjiitii, President, Emmeune Bv Wells,' Gen'l Sec'y. "Piebe"Y7Beatie, v j - Chairman ... R. S. School of Nurses. Emma A. Empey, GenT Supt. of Graduated Nurses. . . , that has left a vivid impression on the memory. A dissatisfied woman was in the com- N. It is requested that the .Stake Presidents will at. once consult with their Ward Presidents for the purpose' of intelligent, bright and energetic young others of the children and grandchildren. A women of.good moral character to take this, few choice friends met with the family at an course in nursing. early hour, and the evening was very pleasv In recommending this couree in nursing antly spent, chiefly in .social conversation. a lavish given through the Relief Society, it should Suitable refreshments were served, of fine strawberries being furnished he remembered that the students graduating supply the' by Brother Harold Best, will have the privilege of paying for their honored "guest of the evening, from his farm the work their with tuition needy,and at Mill Creek. among A short program 'was gendered consisting should any of tl oee comirtg from a distance desire to gain some practical experience in of appropriate music, vocal and instruin-Salt Lake City before returning to - their mental, and the reading of the following teresting sketch, written for the occasion by homes, or at any time, the General SuperMiss 'Vi" Truelson. L. L. G. Richards. intendent will take pleasure in helping them a daughter's TRIBUTE.' to do so. Johanna Norgren Truelson was born in The tuition for the course in nursing will be $10.00 and it is expected that the Relief Sweden, March 14, 1842, being the second of four children of Ole and Marie Norgren. Society organization in .each Ward will pay It was in Norway that she received her the tuition fee for their representative, aleducation, but later, as a young woman, to wishes who the student earned her living sewing in a tailor's shop though any pay In this country tuition herself may do so if willing to accept in Gothenburg, Sweden. first heard the (Gospel as preached by and sign the Relief Society Nurse Contract' she Latter the day Saints. She read the Book a copv of which follows: ol Mormon with a bincere heart, and a great desire to understand its truths and the prom-- ' CONTRACT. ise made by Moroni to all who read that In consideration of obtaining instruction sacred book in that spirit was literally fulfree in the Relief Society Nurse School, I filled, for the truth of its teachings was promise to answer, all calls mads upon me plainly manifest to theJmmble student. In September of 18G3 she was baptized, Superintendent "of" Relief Society Nurses, or acting Superintendent where I and about two years later left the scenes so live, to give forty days charity nursing whenfamiliar to her and the friends of her youth ever required, and to nurse for whatever re- to immigrate to a strange land in the f muneration that may be designated by said west, to her the land of Zion. Superintendent, or acting Superintendent, The journey to Utah occupied altogether for the term of one year after graduation, six months, three months of which were and I also agree to consult my. Superintenspent on the plains in company with about dent in relation to all cases of nursing in four hundred Saints, with Brother Millen which I engage. Atwood as their leader. Volumes might be written of the experiThose who do not wish to sign this con- ences of the Saints during those journeys; tract may attend the school by paying the of the difficulties they overcame; of their sufferings apd of their courage. Each comregular fee of $50.00. trials to meet; pany had its own Homes, where the students may assist unwonted toils and peculiar weariness awaited these with the work for their board and room, can pilgrims after day day, still they sang the of Zion and always be furnished with good Mormon famlooked forward to the songs time when their weary feet would find a ilies. ... We sincerely trust the members of the Re- resting place in, the premised land. The company that Sister Truelson traveled lief Society realize the value of this course wUh met its full share of trouble and hardto young ladies as a part of their education.. ship. More than a hundred graves were' The cost of. books will be $3.00 to $5.00. made by the wayside leaving lonely and sorrowful hearts to still continue tlie For further particulars write to Mrs. Phebe One girl lost her mother and twojourney. sisters, Y. Beatie; 55 North, West Temple Street, and, almost overcome with grief, finished Salt Lake City. the instructor. . , pany, and for some reason refused to walk with the main body of immigrants, but insisted upon always lagging some distance behind. Her husband ahd others tried to persuade her to. walk up, pointing out to her the danger she was in from the Indians. One day when the company made their usual stop at noon, "the Indians made an attack upon them, trying to get some cattle, and one Indian took this woman and rode of! with her. Several of the men were badly hurt by arrows in trying to rescue he'r, but they were not successful, and she was never heard of again. This same day Sister Jruelson had taken a pail and had gone some distance from the" s she camp to get water.. On. hearing-crielooked up and saw Indians coming towards her Jrom every direction. She was so1 frightened that for some seconds she could not see or realize anything. On coming to herself she found that the Indians had overlooked her, and she made her way safely back to camp, where she found her girl friend weeping for her, thinking she had surely been taken by the Indians. When Sister Trnelson and this friend arrived in Zion they attended meeting, which Their feelings was held in the bowery. wire overcome and they wept together for joy and thankfulness at beholding the Prophet of God Brigham Young, whom they had learned to know and love in their native land. Sister Truelson soon obtained employment with a tailor and afterwards was engaged sewing in several large families of the Saints. On September 9, 1867, she was married in the Endowment House, by Elder Heber C. Kimball, to John Andrew Truelson, of French descent, but a native of Sweden,who had embraced the Gospel in Copenhagen, and had taken much delight in laboring in the Church there before coming to Utah, part of his duty being that of leader of the Copenhagen choir. Upon his arrival in Utah he was; successful in taking up milling. Sister Truelson and her husband spent the greater part of their lives in Salt Lake City, though for a few years they resided in Idaho, where it was their great pleasure to entertain at their home Sisters,Eliza R.Snow, Emmeline B. Wells, and others, who frequently visited that section of country. Sister Truelson is.no w in her h a wido and the w, mother of three sons year, and two daughters. Her oldest son died in 1887, at the age of nineteen. Her ambition in life has been to rightly understand the Gospel which she received so gladly in her youth, and to live it day by day acting always the part of a true Saint under all the circumstances which have surrounded her. And her children qan truly testify to her unceasing !devotion as a loving mother A pure and. true example has been before them, and they, above all others, can rise up and call her blessed. " sixty-sevent- self-sacrifici- ng R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. ; 67-69- 71 Main Street, Salt Lake City. OUR. SPECIALTY ladies- - ready-to-wea- r OF EVERY. DESCRIPTION. garments TRY US 