.7 he- too .busy gaiilzations. Hope We may not This. is.a scJjviU to work out out salvation to prepare us for glory m the celestial king dom in store for, the faithful." Singing and Benediction. Conference continued at 2 p. m., President C. V. Sorensen presiding. Singing, "Cieat God attend while Zion sings." Prayer by Brother Hans Godfriedsen. Singing, "Sweet hour of prayer." Secretary M. Swindle read from Exponent of June, 11)09, "Report to National Council of Women." President C. W. Sorenson made some remarks on labors of N. W. R. S. Urged the sisters to subscribe for 4he Exponent. We should help this paper along.it is our paper; spoke of the great work done by Sister E. B.Wells, also spoke on gathering grain, endorsed what Sister Bohman had said; let us keep up this mission. Brother Franze, choir leader of Salina, sang "Daughters of Zion,'"2 by Mrs. Annie Wells Cannon; very nicely rendered. Sister Mary Ann Nickerson nearly 87 years old, gave some of her experiences. She has belonged to the Church since she was 1G years old, knew the Prophet Joseph Smith, shared joy and sorrow with him while he lived. She has passed through many trying scenes; she hopes to go and meet the Bridegroom and never.be found wanting BrotherrL. Jensen, of Richfield can say like Brother M. Jensen, he is a new member in the Belief Society. It is a pleasure t listen to instructions given by the sisters. Spoke of raising our children, made some encouraging remarks, also spoke of the grasshopper war, endorsed what was said about the gathering of wheat. Brother James Jensen, of Salina, was pleased to be here this afternoon and hear instructions given. It is a little over 67 years since the Relief Society was organized and we can judge if it lias done any good shr:e. Spoke of laws laid down by our Creator, w should be governed by them, also of the trials endured by the pioneers to build up this great commonwealth. Brother Martin Jensen asked the privilege of speaking in favor of the Exponent. Asked how many subscribers are in the congrega- tion? Nine hands were held up as pub- scribers present. He said" Let us double it," and he headed the list with one dollar, after which nine more subscriptions followed. Encouraged sisters to continue to increase subscriptions while' visiting through the stake. President C W. Sorensen was truly glad to see our conference terminate so favor-- . ably and to see good brethren helping with the PLxponent; hoped we might get more sub- senders. She thanked the choir for sweet music. After benediction conference adjourned for threXmonths or until further notice. Singing Woman's Battle Song, "Onward Christian Woman." Benediction by Brother Joseph Ogden of - . . work thrall, " the help of he Lord -, McNeil was wen p. e,.fcu "IIliop tiint Imrl l)fen niadei askeu me oric . ICMiuini blhcers. stake the Lord on bleeping of 'the a few closir g remarks made Sinter I)ixm and thanked the people of Spanish Fork fur their kindne a.li,,urUliorllirt.Mi.m. fW,,,,. Baxter. benediction and cini?iiiK. ly " V"" A ijimfM' . III V ra,,ead.a,ui desired with their .1,,. i, inll,,,,, (m" . .. husbands to this end and Paid may the Lord bless you in all your labors, etc. A Polo was rendered by Jos. Morlcy. of lona.felt that he was Bishop Kockwood ... . .. t ii.. ,u. .y . Si.-t-er Eliza 1' l Hawkins. Cor. Sec. MINlillAM STAK'K. Our conference of Bingham stake convened in Idaho Fails, July 14. 1!H)I), in the President ElL. D. S. Church at 10 a. n.. vira C. Steele presiding. PatriOpened with singing and prayer by arch K. L Bybee; minutes and roll call by Stake Secretary Jensine Johansen, and there .;, K-- .s, i,ty Hcf HHI...P. as i Me n;:un tended these conference? and was very pleaded to do so, appreciated the work of the Society, urged a little more strict attention to rhe needs of the poor; and looking after the wheat and the proper care of it, and advised mauy other good things. Miss Beatrice Bike sang a. most beautiful President E. C. .Steele felt to thank all who had assisted in making our conference so enjoyable, especially the ladies of Idaho Falls for their banquet, under the able management of President Shippen. Singing the song called "Idaho," chorister Mary A. Holden; prayer by Bishop Wright of Lincoln. Elviha C. Steklk, President. 'vas a very got.d representation of all the , wards. The Stake Board of thirteen were all present hut one and she was excused. President Steele reported the Belief Society work progressing nicely, felt more than pleased to have Sisters' Sarah Jenne Cannon and Minnie II . James of the (leneral Board , SKV1KH ST A KK. " j j i . Minutes of Relief Society conference held in Salina Aug 21, 15)09. Meeting convened in Belief Society Hall, President Christine Sorensen presiding. Singing by choir and beautiful place to meet in and gave us just congregation, "0, blest was the day." Prayer the good Belief Society talk we were need: by Brother T. Humphrey. Singing; "Once ing; advised mothers to take good care of more my soul the rising sun." President E. M. Humphrey of Salina weltheir children, and bring them to meetings; comed all present and was pleased to see the said many other beautiful things, etc. Sister Minnie James was introduced; felt brethren present. Said let us be contented she was not gifted as her noble mother was with our surroundings, Stake President C. in speaking, but gave us some very good Sorensen spoke talk in her pleasing way, urged all to be of duties in Belief Society work; there are more diligent in this great and good work, many different brandies for us to talk that our beloved Prophet Joseph had organ- - j about, mentioned the Nurse. School. ized for us; let lis appreciate this fact and The secretary read from the Exponent for love in our hearts all j. about thj Nurse School, also bore faithful go on our way with mankind. testimony of blessings received while pracPatriarch Robert L Rybee felt we were tising obstetrics in 2" years past. Encourhighly favored of the Lord, we should listen aged, the young sisters to attend these to and put in practice the good things we classes. hear and may the Lord bless us all to do Bishop Sorensen was pleased to have the His will. sisters hold their conference here, made all After singing and benediction by Bishop welcome, hoped we enjoyed our opportuhi- C W. Rockwood conference adjourned until ties, said tne Bishopric are pleased with the z p m. labors of the Salina Relief Society; thev are The sisters of Idaho Falls entertained all doing their duty well, The song, "I Have Read of a Beautiful present, "in the basement," to a delicious banquet where all enjoved themselves soci- - City" was beautifully rendered by Sister ally and had a lovely time and especially in Mary Christehsen. the company of our visitors, Sisters Cannon Sister Caroline Nielson read a poem ' and James., "Discontent in Church." Met again at 2 p. m. After the usual j Second Counselor Caroline Bohman said exercises we again listened to some very j there is a great lesson to be learned in thp good reports; the house was almost filled poem. JSore her testimony of the Gospel, with smiling faces. President HeLer C. spoke of the duties of mothers in Austin and Bishop Wright were also present. their children theVays of the Lord.teaching There Sister Cannon again addressed us in her is so much wickedness in the world: Enmotherly way, which reached all; bore her couraged the sisters to gather in grain and testimony to the truth of the Gospel, also of lane care oi it taithtully. having seen the Prophet Joseph Smith when President Martin Jenson, of Richfield, a: 'child, etc., etc. S.'lifl fppl timifl na'i'Cjn s...:.. ii Richfield. Sister James again spoke to us, related brethren have joined the Relief The words for this song were composed by some ot her early remembrances in the ivcsJ Wfi 'nrp nnnmn(o,u, ,, IT MMfl OD KI21KM the Salina Relief Society sisters. of of cmr leaders .and particularly the to oTth differ give M. Swindle, Sec- of the hrst vision of Amtr) gr Joseph by himself to her mother, and many oiner beautiful things. "Counselors Sisters Rockwood and Brunt with us. ' After hearing reports from some of the wards, which were very good, Sister Cannon was introduced; was delighted tvith the J, j : ; j j j . T M I Te T 1 j Uie-Prnn- . ! liPf each expressed themselves as being pleased with '.our conference,-- trusted .would profit by the good things we heard. President Austin felt pleased with - ' zJZ , .. well - we had the R. K. THOMAS D RY GOODS CO.. 676971 Main Street, Salt Lake City. OUR SPECIALTY LADIES' OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. READY-TO-WEA- R GARMENTS TRY US , 