. "J .J V 1 . V.U. ''' K . c.H ... , . wax jit vl xx f 1vy.;;:VjiyilN..j. 77 in aftWfc of the Women of Vtali should Vol.. 37. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY, 1909. CONTENTS., 58 Lillian M. Holligter .59 An ImportantJGathering of Women C. W. Penrose 'GO Incidents in the Life of Lydia Pond Rich i Lydia Rich fil " Obituaries . ... iVl In Memoriam of Mabel Ann Hakes 52 In Memoriam of Anna Kleinman'n 62 Relief Society Stake Reports: Uintah Nebo (13 Teton Alpine Julia Ward Howe Post Card 04 Mrs. Howe at 00 04 r A Vietory in Switzerland i4 04 The International Suffrage Song... 04 Notes And News 00 Editorial: Old Memories m One More in Heaven 00 Editorial Note 57 Old ...Selected Gracefully... t Poetry: Growing The Little Stranger Maud Russell 59 OLD GRACEFULLY ' Softly and softly, the years have swept by thee, Touching thee lightly with tenderest care; Sorrow and car did .they often bring nigh thee, Yet they have left thee but beauty to wear; Growing old cheerfully, Graceful and fair. Far from the storms that are washing the ocean Nearer each day to the pleasant home light, Far from the waves tkat are big with commotion; Under full sail and the harbor in sight! Growing old cheerfully, Cheerful and bright. - Growing old peacefully, Peaceful and blest. Never a feeling of envy and sorrow, Where the bright faces of childhood are seen, Never a year from their youth wouldst thou bor- .'V row, Thou dost remember what liesfbetween; Growing old willingly, Gladly I ween. , Rich in experience that angels might covet, Rich in a faith that has grown with thy years, Rich in a love that grew from above it, Soothing thy sorrows and hushing thy fears; Growing old wealthily, Loving and dear. , Hearts at the sound of thy coming are lightened. Ready and willing thy hand to relieve; ;'V" Many a face at thy kind words has brightened; It is more blessed to give than receive. ... Growing old happily, . ' , Blest we believe, " . Selected. PRESIDENT BATHSHEBA V. SMITH. HER BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY. ' : 'Growing bid grafully,,"mayweirbe" applied to our President of the Relief Society, there is not time or space to tell all the reasons why this saying is applicable, but if one looks at her as she mingles in society or as she moves "about in her own hume, and more especially in the Temple, one cannot but feel that. she is a good illustration of the poem given above . : her residence on Monday, May 3, 1909, from p. m. to 8 p. m. to which she. invited her relatives, friends and The parlor and other rooms were artistically-decoratewith flowers and ferns etc., festooned with ribbons as for a bride; pretty vases ' and bowls were, filled with fragrant blossoms, tastefully arranged, and all was done in the most perfect harmony of color. Sister Smith wore with becoming grace, an elegant white, homemade silk dress, with exquisite ihw late at the neck and wrists, and a very fine white lace scarf over her beautiful soft white hair; altogether she presented a queenly appearance, as ; she sat .in state, to receive her guestsShe was assisted in receiving by her only daughter Mrs. Clarence K.Mtrrill, and Mrs. Susan E.Smith; her charming and attractive s 2 "co-worker- Sister Smith holds the position of General President of the Relief Society of the Churoh. an organization founded by President Josnph Smith himself years ago in the of Nauvoo Illinois, (she became a city member on the first day) and which Society has reached out into all countries where the Gospel tidings have been carried and women converted thereto. Through the systematic correlation of its branches, women have been able to regulate the principle of giving charity, and doing active philanthropic work for the betterment and uplifting of all the members of this Society everywhere and for others" outside; relieving both temporal and spiritual needs in an unobtrusive and dignified way, and promoting moral and educational progress among those whose opportunities had been limited, along, these lines of advancement; often owing to their surroundings and en' vironments. ; Sister Smith has not only been at the head of great public movements and benehts.boch presiding and assisting in managing,but she has always been a delightful industrious, an early riser, economical, thrifty even resourceful; and in "the best sense motherly. Her life has not been free from thorns and briers, yet it has' really been very beautiful in many ways, and" she has borne herself heroically,, when" tried as by fire, and her faith has never wavered. Her illustrious husband Hon. George A. Smith, cousin of the Prophet, and one of the most distinguished men in the Church, died over thirty years ago. A few years after his demise she built a smaller home near the Temple and has re? sided there permanently ever since. " Although it is not a large or "stately mansion" ' sneentertains her friends hospitably and with the most cordial good cheer, for she is a Southerner to the heart's core, and proud of Her dear 11 Virginia birthplace. ? She has always cultivated flowers and her neat, white cottage with green shutters, and yard .with its lilacs, roses, trailing .Tmyrtler and other flowering plants and shrubs are the admiration of her friendj, and the passers by, and "trive a'sOrt of of peace and restfulness; However we are not giving our readers a famous., descriptive narrative or a story of this woman, who has lived as long,- and, seen so much,' and' associated with so many great men and women, but only wish to tell about, birthday anniversary her The lady in question gave a reception a sixty-seve- home-make- r; old-fashione- holly-hockslacksp- ur tone"to-ther'dwell- eighty-sevent- h ing - n i place-indicativ- e s. d , 1 Past all the winds that were adverse and chilling, Past all the islands that lured thee to rest, Past all the currents that wooed thee unwilling, Far from the port of the land of the blest; No. 8. Among the Latter-da- y Saint women, who are a connecting link between the past and the present, from the dayg' of the Prophet Joseph Smith down to our own. timer frut few remain. Foremost of the illustrious few, we are proud and happy to mention Sister Bathsheba W. Smith, whose birthday anniversary was recently celebrated with appropriate honors and the respect befitting her position as a Mother in Israel; one indeed, who has ministered scores of years in holy places, and officiated in sacred ordinances, to many hundreds of the Daughters of Zion. r AGE President Bathsheba W. Smith.. E. B. W. The Statue Of Qrieen Louise... Lydia D. Alder International Council Quinquennial , GROWING le a Power to letter the Home, the Mate and the Nation. grand-daughter- Mrs.. David Allen, Mrs. George. A. Home, Mrs. Ben. E. Lloyd, Mrs. Joseph Fisher, Mrs. Stephen L. Richards, courteously meeting the guests doing the honors and deftly dispensing light refreshments to the numerous callers, who came to oiler congratulations to the reverend hostess, on this "auspicious occasion; and to wish her continued" health, happiness, prosperity and future usefulness, and activity, as long as life seemed desirable to ner. Many of her friends brought bouquets, pretty books and a variety of gifts, remembrances, and messagesrtoktns of love and esteem. During the entire afternoon until eight o'clock in the evening Sister Smith was' shaking hands and greeting her guests, in the most kindly and gracious way. " Among the distinguished callers were Pre- sident Joseph F. Smith, President John R. Winder (who is near the same age as the lady herself) and President Anthon H.Lund, also the venerable Patriarch John Smith, and other notable people from far and near, . about two hundred in all. and every one seemed delighted to show honor and reverence to the beloved woman leader During the day a telegram of loving congratulations and good wishes was received from Los Angeles, California, signed John Henry Smith, George Albert Smith, John and : v Lucy Smith Acomb. The following day the General Board of the" Relief Society, according to a previous "gave a sort of ; informal arrangement, but most delightful banquet at the home of their president at three o'clock Tuesday, ;V-'yMay 4, 1909. A competent committee had the affair in hand, to whom much credit is due for its enjoyment and success. Consent of the hostess having been .given, the committee took possession inside the cottage, and made the needful preparations. Thereupon the other members of the Board were relieved of anxiety: The President, in her received all the mem-- . pretty bers with her sweetest smiles, and cordially welcomed them to the home they had looked very inviting witlf its snowy linen napery, and elegant bid- and other rare fashioned china dinner-se- t old plates, platters bowls, etc.. of antique style, but the most interesting of all was the President herself "the Guest of Honor. , : " , . . !:ci -- -- : white-costum- e, i " , 