WOMAN'S EXPONENT: 31 TT7 a dauchter.lr.eda,l.ut iJCJ j uiiJJ.J'vmuiu citrine! g ouj, ,s evrt fc,Ve of JUC UVe 111 1116' we nevei nee her;" and Elsie toon learned that Frieda was not. counted mucl upon in the Matte, therefor not to be talked about. In due time young Fritz reached America and with the help of & letter Elsie had given him. for she wisely advised him to go west, ne, quiuh.ij' luuim cujjuu mem. ins wages it is true were much better than he had at home, but he also found that it cost him much more to live, and then the boy was quite lonely and he soon began to think he After the first year he had better marry. wrote his mother how sorry he was not to send for her but he had to pay for his room and board and he hadn't been able to save the money. About this time the Butikofer family emi grated, bringing with them their daughter Meta. Poor r ritz could not conceal his af fection for the pretty gir- l- he had known her in his old home and he made, haste to make love to her now; and soon the two were married. At the end of the second year he wrote again how sorry he was but they were just trying now to make a home for his mother to come to, and besides, before long they were going to surprise her with some good news just now there were so many things to get for Meta, but next year surely they would send. And so it went; work was plentiful enough for Fritz, but with the increase of many family cares and the not too frugal ways of Meta he never seemed to be able to save anything towards bringing his mother to him. He did not inherit the thrift and economy of his mother, though his intensions were good enough. After about three years Elsie found herself, again in Berne, and she naturally sought the gossips of the "Matte" at the fountains. To her surprise, there she found Tanta Rora still soaping and splashing soiled garments On the Stones nf thp fountains "Why, Tanta Rora," she exclaimed, "hasn't Fritz sent for you yet?" 4No," replied she, "Fritz is married now, and has a baby boyand they must, buy a home, so he could not send. ' "But he owes it to you' said Elsie; "he should have sent for you before he married." He writes1 that perhaps next year he will," said his mother, "but by that time I will have enough of my own to go." And she did. She washed on. Mondays and Wednesdays, sold laces of her own handiwork in the market on Tuesdays and Fridays, and scrubbed on Saturdays, never allowing herself any time for anything but frork, and at the end of the fourth year she pa? enougn means to go to the Basle as had before her, and engage passage for America Some few of her neighbors in the ' Matte" went that year also, so the voyage had at least some sociability about.it if nothing else pleasant. These poor steerage passengers would find'the voyage almost unbearable wererf it notlfor the companionship they give each other. , Tanta Rora was not RfLflLQfinnAfinH- joy as her Fritz bad been. Her hard life ,nad inured her to the old ways jind customs of her native land. She loved the great snowy mountains.the river Aare.the bears, the dart, archingo t i a auu aivauo yJl jla heart was sad. to leave it all andjjcujc. full of fore- hodings of the long journey and the pros- " . . -- v-- i i sweet r little grandchildren, but somehow sn'e never found time, their worlds were so far apart. thoimht than , nvthine. and that Aas to clasp to her breasi the little baby boy of whom Fritz and Meta wrote such wonderful thing She hoped she never need to work soMiard again, might but help Meta in the.home and mind the little grandson. But alas for poor Tanta Rora! There was surely no surcease to her labors. Fritz loved his mother, and so did Meta, of course, very much, but about every year or two a new baby came, and the little" home was not quite paid for. so the "Gute mutter" must work just the same in the new hind as in the old, only here it was harder. The modern methods somewhat puzzled her, and the" American ladies seemed so hard to please. Meta showed her, however about the washboards and the tubs, and the boiling and sudsing and rinsing and starching, so that in time she became quite proficient and though she never could learn English, she learned the value of her work and could easily compute American money. That was about as far as her knowledge of English ever w.ent. From a. friend she learned -- that scrubbing the big stores at night was also a genteel and prolitable occupation among her class, so she sought and found employment at this. Thus, with the help of the "gute mutter" the home was soon paid for, and many necessary articles of clothing and furniture were brought into it. Day in, day out, and night as well,. Tanta Rora worked at her washing and scrubbing and when Sunday came she was too tired to go anywhere, so she usually tended the "kinder" for poor Meta to She had one get a little change. regret on Sunday she always longed to put on her Swiss costume that the American lady had thought so "perfectly lovely," and she brought it with her, but Meta and the "kinder" said people would laugh at her, if she wore such an odd habit ,so " i Tre m a i he d folded in the wicker trunk in which it had crossed the sea, and on Sunday she drested in the regulation ugly, plain black dress and white apron of all old ladies who work for a living. After some years abroad Elsie returned to her western horned hung a few sketches on exhibition in her native town, sold one or two, then gave up a "career" and married an old sweetheart, a prosperous business man, and settled down to the usual routine of calling, shopping, clubs and other social duties of a successful, accomplished matron. One evening, happening to have called at one of the big stores just at closing time for some trifle, Elsie suddenly Tan across Tan--t- a Rora just as she was entering to begin her evening labor of washing up the floor. She knew her immediately Tanta Rora was not the kind one easily forgets; and she laughingly gave her greetings in the old Swiss way. Elsie stopped- long enough to learn where Fritz's home was, it was his home now not his mother's, and somewhat of how they lived; then with a promise to look them-ushe passed on. Tanta Rora s heart was quite lifted up with this encounter, and she hummed a tune as she scrubbed that night, much to , the urfeairerTn-nior- when casually glancing through the death notices of the morning paper she came across a name which arrested her attention. "Yes, surely that is she, for. besides the odd name, it says, native of Berne, Switzerland. Roor Tanta Rora so that is the end. and I never went to see you nor brought you here, though goodness knows I intended to, for you were always sweet to. me." Alas, what use aie vain re- nrctc! Wl? 'lr v mnrfala on nfian lnv aside our true and good intentions and pick our daily up the false gods that surround . 1. i i i i:f,o mt ; .ii Aiunoci rut iiimiv tu iua&c auiciiua now as far as possible, and calling for her carriage to be got ready, she ran to the telephone and ordered a spray of flowers to be ready for her when she called, then quickly dressed and was on her way, for the paper had said the funeral would be that morning. Hpving left her carriage at the corner Elsie reached the little home just as the family and friends in solemn array were marching to the little church near by where the services were to be conducted. Fritz she would scarcely have known, now a short, stout maL with lines of care and hard work on his face, and leaning on his arm was the One morning, . ever fa'thful, weeping leta, dressed jn full mourning, long black veil and all. Elsie followed the procession into the church, where had assembled a quaint company. It was almost Mke bei&g in Berne again, for there were the friends of the "Matte" who had gathered here, besides a few neighbors and Churchmen. Elsie sent her flowers up, then sat near the rear of the building, her lovely self the one odd piece in that strange setting. She soon adapted herself to her surroundings, however, and began to pick out familiar faces among the mourners. Surely there were other groups of the Berne foimtainsTTaritaRora was not the only one lured by tales of this wonderland! The music wasfood, a German choir singing German hymns, and the minister who knew Tanta Rora well, knew her as Elsie knew her not the "washwoman," nor the "scrub lady," but her worth, her thrift, her kind deeds. He told of many kindnesses to his parish, outside of what she hadeen to her own, and then related how she had saved enough means to pay for this beautiful funeral. Poor Tanta Rora. did you slave day after day. night after night to save enough for a fine burial? Why could you not have had some of ; these flowers, music, carriages, and fine things in life, I w.nder if you will ever know how really fine they were? If so, no donbt your soul is satisfied. . Annie Wells Cannon. Ida Husted Harper, will edit Progress, beginning with the January, number. In - ,the meantime send your suffrage items and your subscriptions to Warren, 0. p The headquarters of the National American Woman Suffrage Association has been moved from Warren, 0,, to New York. The astonishment of the night watchman, who offices are located on thel7th floor ofa- all : beforei- - handsomenhe"wffice building at' 505 Fifth had Any way , she was not the kind to complain , Ave. Rev. Anna H, Shaw and Prof. Frances if she ever thought there was cause, she never said so, but made the best of everySecretary are the officers in charge. The Still she did hope the pretty AmeriPress Department is under the personal dithingcan would come and see them. And really rection of Mrs. Ida Husted Harper, bioElsie intended to she knew how it would grapher of Susan B. Anthony, assisted by ' please the old lady to show off the numerous Elizabeth J. Hauser of Ohio. - never-heard-her-spea- k-at- . , 