Fraricea 'Ff'WiHarL Born lii tR.1'2." iouiea 3i, Aicott, Harriet IJeechor is to we, " 1810. r r nmea iHucL of t "" -- i ..... - a lofty nature and patriotic your retort, I would rather see tendency, yet heridity 13 not all. There mine buried beneath the sod a daughter of than to stand Jnlia Ward' Howe,are men and women born into the world at before a promiscuous audience and utter The latter was a writer of wonderful power certain periods of lime. for a distinctive such sentiments." Superintendent Bahdall purpose, with a mission, to .fulfill for their one wrote marching Un,' which came fellowmen. if I had TPhe,i: And I should Their is not smooth pathway able to do it." In the winter of the battle hymn of the republic. Her "Stir- - for them. , , ,. . are l 1 ii r i They 18(11 new pioneers she through planned a series of meetings to ring appeal to womanhood, is pronounced fields of advancement, the pathfinders to begin at BuiTalo, New York, Whenever the ablest Peace Manifesto ever written, and growth and culture, possessing the attributes ' has been translated- into F ner nine nanu appeared, of faithful endurance 7 " were they hissed, mobbed, and their voices' Italian and Swedish. Notwithstanding the Miss Anthony early .became interested in drowned with cries and- - groans. fact that. .Mrs! Howe had the intellectual Ruffians temperance. In 152, she organized a swore, turned oil the gas, took possession powers generally looked for in the male sex, woman's first temperance of in the league.Mhe the and offered platform, she lost none of her womanly nature. She every kind of Mrs. Stanton was its president country. t lndliinitV bllt KIP nn with unt writes "The world looks to women and de- and Miss was secretary. In the Anthony Io relate how she went from door to door pends upon them for its moral and spiritual sainc year she was sent the to of by secure signatures to petition for the ballot Daughters ' advancement." Their release from wornout Temperance at Albany, to a state mass and equal rights for women, would be too' traditions as to the sphere of woman has of the Scnsof Temperance., Durmeeting long a story. At all times she has been a broadened their horizon and increased their ing a discussion the men she arose conspicuous figuie, and in later years, she ambition to live higher lives of morality and to speak, but wasamong not allowed to do it The has received great honors in America and intellectuality. , women were horrified and indie- - foreign lands. Above all else she has won .Elizabeth Cady Stanton, who was born nam, andpresent called her "the bold thing." The the true love of people wherever she in 1815, called the first woman, s rights conpresident of the meeting, with all the digniwas known. 1S71 Miss In Anthony in vention in IS IS. And in that first year ty he could command informed her that company with Mrs. Stanton, crossed" the succeeded in getting the "Married Woman's women were not to speak in meet- - continent to California, and in expected . . passing, visBill, Property passed out to be mgs, only spectators. He meant ited Salt Lake City. They lectured in the Clara Barton, .who was horn in 182"), was to settle the old tabernacle in that place. question forever, but the rethe first woman to hold a regular clerical buke acted like a firebrand to one of When years later on, our delegates from u a Susan's temperament. She marched out of the National Ilelief Society and Young Elizabeth Stuart Phelps Ward, who was the hall, half a dozen other3 following, to Ladies' Mutual" Association Improvement born m 18 It, was a descendant from the the residence of Lydia Mott, a cousin of went to the National Council of Women Mayflower company. Here are a few of her Lucretia Molt, where they held an indigna-atio- n held in Washington, Miss Anthony received own words:. "Not until the few last decades It was in them these a manner which won the love and meeting. during years has woman been permitted to rise to the ot active work that M.iss Anthony deteradmiration of them all. ' In speaking of full measure of her capacity for usefulness. mined to work for greater freedom for her life she herself says that her work lias Formerly her activity was confined to the women, and decided that in order to sucbeen like subsoil plowing the ceed they must have the privilege of the ground for cultivation by women who are sphere of her own home, and public opinion condemned, as unseemly, her ap- franchise; She allied herself with the sufreaping the benefits of fuller opportunities in or her active participapearance other reforms and higher education. She died at the adpublic, frage movement, leaving tion in, enterprises outside of her do- largely to her vanced age of H( years (March 17, 100G). A change mestic circle. has been It would be difficult for our young people l he world is richer and better because of within and the last half century' of today to realize the conditious of society the beautiful lives and example's of those wrought there has been a multitude of women whose and the primitive educational advantages prominent characters that we have ben acheivements for the "uplifting of the race at the time of 31iss Anthony's girlhood.' And while we 'are' blessed in the have cjommanded the affectionate admira-tion'o- f The changes wrought since then are marenjoyment of twentieth century privileges, let us not forget that We owe to" such charvelous and much credit is due this brave mankind." acters as I have mentiond, our gratitude Last, but by no means least, on my list, woman, who had the courage to face the sitis the name of Susan B. Anthony, who was uation and stand boldly for the defense of and homage for what they have done. born February 15, 1820. She came of good education for girls arid equal privileges for Sakeita E. Cowles. and upright parents. Her father was a both sexes. Almost alone and unaided at Ogden Firr Ward, March 17, 1IXK Quaker and her mother a Baptist. Her times she' heralded truths with which her father had been reprimanded by the Quaker understanding was quickened, even though KEEP THE SABBATH DAY HOLY. for were and She, a authorities for marrying unacceptable. years ago, they Baptist (Continuation from No. 3, page finsowed and the seed the was He plowed rough way, wearing a comfortable cloak. Then our cattle, have we any right to ally expelled for allowing a room in his that has taken deep root, and has sprung house to be used for the instruction of his up here and there, eventually, to bear make our beasts of burden, minisier to our children Though a wealthy cotton manu- rood fruit. ' At a state teachers' convention pleasure, by violating the laws cf God upon facturer, he desired that his children should in Rochester, in" 1853, Miss Anthony his holy day? Jhe Savior told the. Pharisees be trained for professions. His daughters c'aimed the privilege of speaking. There in his day, that "the Sabbath was made for were prepared in the best private schools were many women teachers present, but man and not man for the Sabbath," showing for teaching', which was the only vocation none of them had a word to offer. The that in cases of extreme necessity we may do which at other times would be unlawis open to women. At the, age of eighteen question under discussion was why the things in ful, but riding out in our carriages upon Susan became a private teacher in a Quaker Profession of teaching not so much re of lawyers, doctors, and the Sabbath day we (lesecrate the day and family, at one dollar a week and board. spected as that cattle, who canWhen the financial crash of 1837 came, it ministers.- A lively debate followed. Miss are responsible also for our ' not themselves. at was heard last be to , help request and Anthony's Mr. carried with it Anthony's wealth, I have known people in other churches, his wisdom in fitting his children for an granted She said: "Mr. President and who have been strict observers of the Sab-- " Do you not see that 'so long emergency was clearly proved. They were Gentlemen: bath day, and who have remarked upon our all teaching and were of great assistance to aS SOCieij Sayp rtUUJau uac liut tuc uiaiuo careless observance of it, and I ave been or a doctor him in his distress; Susan was successful to be a lawyer, a preacher aint to be a teacher, obliged to say, that no" true Latter-dato a marked degree, and devoted fifteen but has sufficient brains was thus careless. . , v. wno conaescenas vftnrs in the xenrk. hhe was an active that every man oj you Now I come to what in my opinion is the acknowledges that member of the New York teacher's associa- t n teach school actually thanundeTlyingxame:DflhT"tacko a proper ob more-braappeals for tion, There was no great reform advanced for servance of the Sabbath day, as well as the higher salaries in the profession, and for are the uplifting of humanity in' which she was cause of many other serious' evils, which been-th.equal rights and equal compensationx for not which has actively interested. To the very last abroad in our midst, and women, in all its honors, labors apd cV ofmrifrlr of our sons and. .of She cause of the ruin Aflvocated many are teachers Lady responsibilities. and read a paper in Iroy, New fair daughters,- viz. too much liberty. much prepared for Miss Anthony to' It is remarked by many people, and espe- called forth from the of later Yrork, in 185G, that of the improved- - conditions those from the, old countries that the Miss ablest members of the contention their cially that but doubt no be There can of our children is years. views on the question. Mr. Hazaltine said: freedom from restraint reformof a work " the for bora was Anthony admit the power and talent 'of, appalling! er and a philanthropist.. She may have in- - "While' I 1 lJt, -- - he-prou- d Z 'f.""i.Him - and-sieadfastne- ssr 1 e co-worke- rs. ' dis-.cussin- g. -- -- . -- ) . ' - . " . y he-has-E-O- ms a-wo- . e in-indeb- ted - - . " . 