WOMAN'S EXPONENT 58 &2j not attend, especially7 Sister .Jane' ards, who at all great gatherings of this kind and congratulated her on her long life. has been one of the most, active in assisting, Sister Sarah Jnine Cannon who is Romania B. Penrose, who is now aj. dignified, spoke, and Sister original of Aunt abroadSister Julia P. M. Earns worth and briefly of her lift- long recollectioLS who were unavoidBathsheba and her nearnes? to her in ttie Sister Carrie S., Thomas ably detained at home. Belief Society and Temple work. The General Board may be congratulated - Sister PrUcilla Jennings wished Sister and if the .Smith all the blessings here and hereafter on the success of the banquet, which we hope and that could be showered upon her to make President felt happy, her life happy; rejoiced that she had been trust she did, and will remember the day with pleasure and satisfaction, knowing she so closely associated with her. Sister Susan Grant, mode.t and demure, spoke has the love and reverence and devotion of E. B. W. sweetly and tenderly of the past and present her coworkers. in the finest, words possible. Sister Emily S. Richards alluded to the intimate assosia-tio- n of the Richards family snd Aunt BathTHE STATUE OF QUEEN LOUISE. ' when time the coul'd recall not sheba, and Within a shadowing sylvan retreat of the" had not known her. and referred to Sis ter Jane S. Richards intimacy with Aunt Thiergarte'n, Berlin, is the statue of Queen Louise, wife of Frederick William the Great, Bathsheba for so many years. whom he wedded in 164G. She was Louise Sister Alice Merrill Home was particulartells us ly grateful to all who felt to honor her dear Henrietta of Oraniem, and history that in birth, spirit and character she was grandmother, and spoke of her grandmothher illustrious husband, to er's energy and perseverance being an incen-tive't- o the equaF-o- f whom she was a beloved counselor and comall, and the sisters were all gratified with her kindly words and feelings so panion for twenty years. On Napoleon's invasion of Germany, he beautifully and tenderly expressed. Sister Annie Well3 Cannon gave a few of made dire threats against the peace of the her childish" recollections, of the way she Queen, who fled, taking refuge in one of the used to scale the high stone wall that separpalace on the river Havel, thus escaping ated the Wells home from the Historian's his wicked machinations. She won the love her people, and is the reverenced as ther office, when Uncle George A. (as the chil-re- n of 14 Pure Louise." Beautiful of face and form, called him) sat on the porch in his old she enchants all who gaze upon her, chiseled arm chair, and referred to the great reverthere in stone. ence she felt for him and Uncle Brigham The lace of her robe, cut in the stone, reand her own father, associating them together as educators and benefactors, and her veals perfectly, its beautiful design. March great love for Aunt Bathsheba, which she 10th of each year, the anniversary of her could give more fully, she thought, in some birth, sees a loyal admiring people, loading her statue with flowers, piling them high, lines which she quoted: before and around her in the white pave- , the head of the table was the reverend lady we had gathered to honor while partaking of the feast. On her right heir counselor. Ida Smoot Dusenberry was seated, and next to her, Sister Julina L. Smith, and on the other side the secretary. Sister Emmeline B. Wells, and next to her Sister Clarissa S. Williams, the treasurer. Other members of the Board present were Sisters Sarah Jenne Cannon, Susan Grant.Erama S. Woodrull, Emilv S. Richards, Priscilla P. Jennings, Phebe Y. Beatie," Alice M. Home, Annie W. Cannon, Minnie II James, Elizabeth S. Wil -- cox, Rebecca Nibley, and Harriet B. Marker. Rebecca "E. Little, who had been seriously ill for a long time, was at. the banquet accompanied by her intimate associate and friend Sister Elizabeth Crismbn. It is scarcely possible to enumerate the good things prepared for the delectation of the sisters of the party, but if one dared tell who this efficientc ommittee were, the secret would be made public for the. ladies are famous in giving entertainments. The table fairly groaned with the weight of the feast the roast bee! looked very tempting ana an the vegetables of .the season served in the most appetizing style and all the condiments that go with a .dinner, and famous salads,- and after these dainties and of great delicacies and ice cream variety, and fruit to set off the picture of the table, and a birthday cake, the most delicious that could be made, and candy and nuts and grape juice to give zeet to the al-wa- vs' as-wel- - j k - and-cake- s toasts. A blessing was pronounced by Sister B. W. Smith upon the delicious menu, and the feasting began, all were ready to converse socially until the cbairmaii of the committee 4Vn4 I n i r4 a Wava AmAf 'Anil the Iadiesbegan to think what to say. Aunt Emm. r Wells was given the task of opening the subject and after congratulating the President and telling her how long she had known her, etc., she asked Sister n Dusenberry to respond, and in a few words the lady gave a pretty sentiSister ment in her delightful manner Juiina Smith came next and spoke most tenderly and lovingly of her Aunt and in fact there seemed in her mind a little "rivalry between htrself and Aunt. Emm. Wells as "to who loved Aunt Bathsheba the best, but that was rather more amusing than serious, and naturally Sister Julina is dearer, being her own sister's daughter and according to the old saying, blood is thicker than water. Sister Clarissa S. Williams could scarcely speak when she recalled the first recollections of Aunt Bathsheba, associated as she was in her mind with her own mother and her, dear fatherY-he- r feelings almost overcame her, but she choked down the sob fn her throat and spoke eloquently of those dearest memories of her childhood, and closed with some beautiful lines from Longfellow's poem; "The Golden Milestone." well-chosc- TwouM flood your life with eunshine, I wonld fence you from all ill, with all blessings If I coufd but have my will. Aye, but human love may err, dear, e is near, And a power So I only say God bless you, And keep you through the year." in March 1905, with feelings difficult to scribe. I would crown you Forever of this realm a part, Thy memory is adored; Queen of thy warrior Lord, The u livest in the nation's heart. . Sister Phebe Y. Beatie spoke tenderly of the love she had for Sister Smith, who al- And here Louise, thy subjects meet From thy high place above, Behold their gifts of love, Exhaling fragrance at thy feet. Ltdia D. Alder. " Bath-sheb- a, : splen6Ud-habitation- 5l ' : ' de- LOUISE. all-wis- ways reminded her of her mother (Sister Zina Young) and how. all through her girl life she had watched them so intimate in every place, and it was gratifying. to recall scenes and associations of the earlier days. Sister Minnie II. James spoke of the intimacy of Sister Smith with her own dear departed inother, Sister M. Isabella Home, for so many years, and referred to the beautiful past as she recalled it to memory. Sister Elizabeth S. Wilcox had the same tender spot in her heart concerning her own mother, who wast so closely associated with Sister Smith. Sister Rebecsa Nibley begged to be excused, but spoke a word or iwo in appreciation of her friendship with our President, Sister Hattie.B. Harker felt the honor it was to be with us and expressed great kindness and love for our President. Sister Bathsheba W. Smith spoke a few precious words to usall, expressing her love and kindly feeling anB her good wishes to xacamau a cmmney isirrmiestone,- all who had come to her home." She blessed Is" the central point from which.he measures f distance ; Every us and desired we should all keep the faith, Through the gateway of the world around him. love our religion and keep the covenants we --We may- build more A had entered into sacred; She blest us with But. we cannot the choicest of heaven's blessings,' peace, Buy with gold the old associations. V prosperity and love, and hoped we should Sister Emma S. Woodruff spoke of the all meet again and rejoice together "and fesst im&njryears she hadrbeenxacquainted"with" as. we had todayr ,. Sister Smith and their very intimate associawas indeed a It day and the only tion in the temple, and n the work of the regret, was that some happy of the members could - . i Relief Society, and of her great life work, beforehand Everything had tfeen done . . : Frederick William the Great, Was bora in 1620, and assumed the burden of government at the age of twenty years, reigning until 1688, as Elector Prince of Germany. In June, 1675, he became victor over the French King, Louis XIV, who had invaded that time the title, "The Great the land.-Elector Prince" was bestowed upon him, by a grateful people. By this title he is known in history. , 7 . His statue, not . nearlv so Dretentious or large, as that of Queen Louise, is also situated among the dense shrubbery of the Thiergarten, riot far from that of his beloved At r m Qnppn th Pnrft T.nnisfi ; T .vtyt a F At.tyft? -- Suffrage for women is looking up in New Mexico.-MrsJElXumber- len ton, N, M., has undertaken to organize a LM-Bolles- lbf Territorial campaign committee, and has of succeeded in securing the fourteen neweDaDers. whose editors have agreed to publish articles in advocacy of the mdteinent. co-operati- on h 