n M 77f tao in the haUds of the vmen CONTENTS. ? v AUK Romania B. Penrose The Quinquennial Ke:ief Society Stake Reporter Beaver m i Lydia D. Alder Relief Society Womans National Heportofthe Emmeline B. Wells M. S. Dowdle Reorganization and Party. Jane Conferences and Reunions .. ... Two Secretaryships to be Filled Resolutions of Appreciation In Memoriam of Martha M. Miller :. Obituary Switzerland .' .... Relief Society School of Nurses A Mother Honored bv her Children Editorial: A Great Day for Old People.... ..... Birthday Party.... Editorial Notes Poetry: We Do Not Call Thee Chieftain....... Sarah E. Cannichael 'I ' Let golden crowns be wrought For brows unhallowed by the touch Of soul ennobling thought; But thou the, purest holiest prayer To listening angels flung Is whispered when the people breathe The name of Brigham Young. Sarah E. CaUmichael. 1857. Bowery, August 8, . i ANSTER FOR MY PEOPLE. "I will answer for my people" was the virgin "monarch's boast, When flatterers bade her guard.her. life amid her armed host. "My. throne is based on England's' love, or her crown would worthless be; And my sceptre well might tremble, were its guardian "Tyranny." 'Twas well heroic maiden, that eagle glance of yore, And well the grovelling sycophant might ijuail such tones before. . Yet I have heard a loftier tone, a nobler glance ; I've seen, Then e'er decked earth-bo-rn majesty, or 'graced a courtly scene. ''1 will answer for the people in danger's, darkest . 1 I .. . ? V . answeriorjthe people against .' ... each-hostil- e: Power; will answer for the people, for ... is mine, ; the fitate ami the Nation". ' , their every care ; . . . And I ask no odds of mortal foe. mission is my . divine:". - . No. 1. will he a gift of heaven fully realfzed. t 7 4 8 8 4 4 Aye, answer for thy people, tftou, their lion heart of truth, Answer again, again, again from hoary age to " . youth, We will not own another ctief7nor brook another's sway, Until his voice shall will it fo whose word all Saints obey. Ida Sutherland. August 1857. o THE QUINQUENNIAL. The International Woman's Suffrage Alliance Congress, held in London, April 20th to. May let inclusive, 1909. The Quinquennial of 1909 is now a matter of history and its pages will stand throughout the ages as a red lett&r record. I have attended the last two congresses and if the improvement has been in the Fame ratio from the first one the advance is amazing andinemorable. Only af brief and general report can be given for even a concise notice of each nation would result in a book. The ability that women fiave developed in forming and working in organized bodies, . observing the strictest .piamentary rules and maintaining perfect order is far above that of many similar bodies of men where they often descend to bitter criticisms and e 7 -- . -- 9 completed was thoroughly demonstrated in this last convention. It took three days to revise the constitution. -- - But it wa? finally ro well accomplished that it is hoped it will meet the need and approbation of all nations. J A. curious incident occurred during the revision when it was moved by Russia and seconded by Germany that when a resolution was once passed there could never be a reconsideration. I was about on my feet to say if women were infallible and omni-- , scient such a motion possibly might be in order hut until that time it seems safer to have the opportunity to reconsider but Mies Anna Shaw was on her feet first and expressed the same sentiment, but not in quite such emphatic words. . The reports from the different-countrie- s were most encouraging, some more so than others but all showing that the rays of the light of freedom are gradually penetrating the pall of darkness which" has for centuries covered the people. Fru. Qvam, Representative of the Norwegian Government brought from her Majesty the Queen of Norway a gracious message to the convention, expressing the hope that the work of the International Woman's Suffrage Alliance would be for the good of the home and the happiness of women. ' In "Russia; the women weie permitted to hold a successful cpngress of women in December 1908, but were surrounded on the outside of the hall by- a cordon of police and they were also in the audience watching with the "utmost vigilance for a pretext to dissolve-an- d dismiss the assembly. The unconquerable and inherent love of freedom which is Godgiven to every human being through his free agency was exemplified in the coup the women made as the finishing touch of their congress. By prearrangement a member at the very last moment arose and offered a resolution against capital punishment and The all arose in affirmative acclamation. police were so astounded by this bold move that the assembly was dissolved before they shouted for its dissolution. The President simply replied Ah! it is already dissolved. Wednesday evening there was an official dinner given at the Princess Restaurant, a most palatial place which was an elaborate affair both as to the dinner, the dresses and After nine the number, in attendance. courses were served and the coffee brought in a lady (?) at the table where I sat passed some" cigarettes, five or six women accepted and, when one women from Sweden asked a British women if it would "be proper to smoke. " she promptly answered "perfectly-proper- " and they lit them and puffed away like men. Not being asked if I objected to smoking having refused the cigarette I promptly placed. my handkerchief over my nose and mouth. wded-- r eeepti on- -f ol lo wed r MrsrFa w.-cett actingasho8tes8. Excursions, Lunch eons and Breakfasts were in evidence a part of every day. Thursday evening after two arduous meetings revising the constitution a gr?.nd pa- ! - ; The Congress of 1909 waB held in St. James1 Hall Gt. Portland St.. London, April 26th to May 1st inclusive. St. James' Hall is a large, and handsome one, with a fine gallery and platform. All 'around the gallery Societies. The were hung flags of twenty-onplatform was occupied by the officers of the congress, , the same as last year except Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery whose genial face was missed by all who have had the pleasure of her acquaintance. The President Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt presided with her usual grace and dignity and by her genial diplomacyavoided several times the danger of a collision, when some members showed signs of belligerence. V The President's address of over an hour in delivery was a most masterly effort, full of interest, wit and accurate knowledge of woman's work the world over. The work done by the interpreters Madam Schirmacher in French and Dr. Anita Aiisburg in German! Not the least inwas most ably rendered. teresting fact noted was the great number of representatives of different nationalities speaking and understanding the "English language. Truly the Key was turned and. the door opened for the emancipation of women by Joseph Smith the Latter day Prophet, March 17th, 1842, when he organized the first Relief ocietyJ3ix. years later1848, was the-ne- xt organization in all the world having for., its object more freedom for women. It appears a- - foregone concision that the twentieth century will not have vanished into the past until freedom unto both men and women . The capacity of women to get down to hard antj tedious public work and to stay with ii until . -- J-1- the-Howe- Such were the sounds that thrilled around when Zion's Prophet rose, Knowing the hearts that trusted him, would bleed for his repose; , And prouder, loftier, was his mien, aye, more than kingly, when From all that vast assembly came as from one man. Amen. - - personalities most unbecoming. We do not call thee Chieftain, 4" ( 4 not call thee Chieftain, I WILL (i Emmeline B. Wells Thy cheek, would flush to hear Hearth's titfes woven with thy name, And whispered in. thine ear. As well presume to gild the sun, Or paint earth's brightest flowers; We only call thee Brigham Young- We only call thee ours. I C 1 WE DO NOT CALL THEE CHIEFTAIN. We do not call thee Chieftain, We do not name thee King; We wreathe no brilliants for thy brow, No ermine round thee fling; And thou art crowned, but with the light That gilds the throne above; Thy lofty spirits wealth of power, Thy people's clinging love. We do of I'tah should le a power to heller . o Ida Sutherland Margaret E. Canon Out of the Depths Life's Milestones o 3 t. I Will Answer for My People 4 1 2 Uintah Notes and New b i ENT J - SALT LAKK CITY, UTAH, JUNE, 1009, Vol, 38. -- M . A-xr- o v.,A:ru: - 'i. 