ji 3.r none tooable to trive. it is a literal instance- of "the po.or helping There are 1L wards in the stake, three of them on the west ride of the Jordan, riyer. These districts dunng a large part of the vear are very hard to .visit, on account of there beinz no sidewalks or railroad.?; but the women who act as teachers flounder pa- tiently through the enow and mud in calling a tha different homes on their mission of comfort and help, and many instances might be cited where the coming 0 these unselfish and irenerons women has seemed to be in very" deed the visit ol ministering angels. Three times since the organization of the stake have the wards joined to help families whose homes had. been destroyed by fire, and in one case the Soiety in one week raised about $500 towards building a home for a The stake Sowidow with little children. ciety has a library of fine reference books which are circulated among the members for their assistance in the department of mothers wotIc and for the'education of the women of the stake along all .benevolent and progressive lines. Mrs. Harriet B. Harker is president of the Salt J,ake stake Relief Society, having recently been called to that positiori,to succeed Mrs. Clarissa S. Wi.liams, general treasurer of theboard.who resigned the ofiice to which she was appointed at the organization of the stake.. The work in this stake in Charity is similar, of course, to that in the other parts of the city, with perhaps this distinction that more help to the really poor who are not members of the Church is given here than elsewhere. This is because the stake includes districts in the thickly sett led. parts where tenement houses and and cheap lodging places prevail. The tpachers' work in these districts are very arduous, and their experiences at. times are tvell nigh heartrending, for here is found the nearest approach to the slum conditions, and the jeal poverty of the big cities, and the relief workers find much to do and sometimes great difficulty in the doing.- - A great missionary work is being done in this stake,, a number of sisters having been called to labor among the people as missionaries, to visit the diflerent homes and talk of the gospel and its beauties, and thus to spread the spirit of the work. The mothers' department is also most interesting; outlines touching on almost every sub-- . ject that would be helpful to the mother in" rearing her family having been prepared and lectures being given and discussed in special mothers' meetings all of which Has leda large number of young mothers into Relief Society work. This stake also has a special department for Book ; of Mormon study, and once a month the Society meets for this purpose. Salt Lake is one of the few stake organizations where meetings are held weekly; but as the work grows, so grows the necessity for more time to be devoted to it. The Ensign stake Relief Society is presided over by Mrs.Margaret A.Romneyv Here dwell the wealthier population of Salt Xake . City, but within its boundaries are also included some poor and thickly settled districts, in which there is' ample opportunity for charitable effort and for the disbursement of a considerable sum from the Relief Society fund. The organization in this stake has the sialic ineex- and nromntly iKrlormea.' ings are excellent in spirit and are.always marked by a fine attendance. Allusion has here been made to only half a dozen out of the vast number of organizations whieir exist throughout the Church; but enough has probably been said to show lhat the" stake "president, wherever her field of labor mayl)e7has full opportunity for the exercise bf originality of thought and energy of action in meeting the conditions duby which she is surrounded. Surely the ties devolving also upon Relief Society, workers are anything but insignificant. The ne- -' cessities of the poor the necessities of the sick and the alllicted. the necessities of the erring,and.of those that lack understanding, andtheendeavorto implantin their hearts the testimony of the. Spirit of God to look after .these things is the duty of Relief Society workers. As to the system of organized charity which they pursue, nothing could be more perfect. With a band of women visiting regularly every home in their respective districts for the express purpose of finding out the different needs and ministering to them, there is.no chance for the existence of actual and .unrelieved want; and the true Christian ppirit of love and help for one's fellow man is the real spirit and watchword of Relief Society work. It follows, therefore, that there could be no grander or better school for women than in the work which the Society affords. It teaches unselfishness, pity, mercy, kindness and love it is an in spiration to the soul to progress and learn all the good in life and then to impart that Surely. "Charity never good to others. Rplvpa the-poo- - r. . & V . . " work, and most interesting lectures are given in the different wards, for the help of the The. sick are visited, young home-makethe mourners comfortedand every duty re-- ., quired of these kind workers in helping to r. Lines to Sister Ellen D. 7 Written by Eliza Buckwalter, Sec. of Am. Fork .. 2nd Ward Relief Society. , In'the dear old land Of Scotland, In a town near the "Firth of Forth" a nine uauy gin was uorn, She was watched o'er by fond parent?, Who were anxious about her fame; It was finally decided . That Kllen I), should be her name. She glided along through childhood, Was hoth intelligent and bright; When the gospel trulha were shown her, She could plainly see its light.. . Lit us gather unto "Ziori," Could be heard on every hand To dwell among the "Saints of God" She left her dear, Native land. Tht journey no doubt was along one, tint at last reached American Fork; Where every one knew and loved her; And to all was "dear Sister Clark." This life iti not always sunshine. Our sister had sorrow to share; Her husband this life departed, She was left for her children to care. She struggled along most bravely, Determined her mission to fill, She never found time to falter, While climbing up life's busy hill. In Sunday School, Relief Society, Choir, "Old Folks-- ' or whatever part, She labored on untiringly, With w illing hand and loving heart. When that sad accident befell her. Not even a complaining. word, But endured allmost patiently And said "'tis the will of the Lord." . In preparing Temple raiment, ' She seems to take special delight, That those who go to the House of (Jod, Will have those sacred things all right. A P ART AND BANQUET (ia Honor of Sister Elfea D. Clark on her Sixty-NintBirthday.) . Who lias proven of wondrous worth. Annie Wells Cannon. faileth." Clark, h In filling the empty caskets, With bodies whose spirits have flown, The number has been recorded, And will speak when the bugle ha6 blown. On November 22nd, 1908, the Relief So ciety of the Second Ward of American Fork, together with the local board members of the other three wards, also stake oilicers, Pres. Rebecca Standring, Counselors Annie C. Hindley, and Harriet Jacobs, Secretary Emma Featherstone, Asst. Sec- Emma J. Robberts, Relief Society Missionaries Sina Chipman, Mary Webb, and Rachel Hunter, met. in the 2nd ward chapel at 2 p. in. A "conveyance was "then sent for Sister Clark, who supposed that a singing practice-wa- s going to be held, but before" she had reached her accustomed seat, knew that the beautiful decorations, and the distinguished faces present meant something unusual, but a few seconds bad passed when she took in the situation, and knew she was the victim of a surprise party. A .good program was rendered, many beautiful sentiments and good wishes for our dear sister were expressed. A delicious lunch was served during which time toasts and sentiments were given in honor of the ' stake officers. 'v. Sister Clark was so overcome she could -- - . hardly express her feelings. ' She has been a worker in the Relief Society ever since its first organization in American Fork. For many years has been local agent for the Woman's Exponent'; and is an active worker in the Alpine stake at the present time. A beautiful black silk dress pattern was Clark as a token of re- presented to membrance. The many good deeds of our sister, We can never,, never portray; But we know the welcome words "well done," Will be said on the great judgment day. - fc . , - 5 ; Eliza Buckwalter, Secretary. OBITUARY AND RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. To the memory of our beloved Sister Mary Tattersoll. She was the daughter of James and Mary Topping; born December 2nd, 1850, in Pres- ton, Lancashire, England; died August 28th, 190, from dropsy resulting from leakage of the heart, brought on from the great shock of her son Arthur's death which was the result of an injury received at the Utah Sugar Factory. Her husband from exposure while attending to the son took pneumonia, and died in less than two weeks afterward. Sister Tattersoll's father was Qrte oi the first to embrace the gospel in England, during the time when Pres. Heber C Kimball labored, there, and from that time until coming to Utah ih 1873. His home was ever open to the Folders. Sister Tattersoll was the mother of five children," three of whom survive her, two sons and - .. one-daughte- r.; . Sife was a faithful Latter-da- y Saint, a member of the Relief Society, and was ever liberal in don- ating to the poor. Keseolved by the sister of the 2nd Ward Relief Society of American Forkthat we sincerely regret her departure and keenly feel bur loss. Resolved, that we extend to her orphanxhildreri our deepest sympathy, and pray that God witt watch over them and will indeed be a father to . the fatherless. Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be kept,. on record, also a copy sent to the local paper, one also to the Woman's Exponent for publication. ' - Sarah S. Chipman, Pres. Eliza Buckwalter, Sec. 