, , 20 far more commendable than showy and dref-is not pensive articles. Extreme in for goodtaete and an. Inordinate fondues dress often leads to paths of norrow. The true lady is always the lady whether clothed'in satin or home spun. Fine feathers do not make fine birds. ex- A. W.C AUTOBIOGRAPHY. UFE AND TUAVKUS OF NAN!Y M. TKACY. (Continuation from pajje Before we realized any benefit from the sometimes crops we had to live very clone, roots and pick greens to make a meal, dig also shoes and clothing we could not get to But one thing, the spirit be comfortable. of mobocracy had lulled and we had peace so far in Caldwell county. But the third year after we had settled there and begun to spreauyout and increase and prosper, the enemy began to stir up the hearts of the people. Mobs would come where there were small settlements, and abuse the inhabitants and turn their horses into the brethrens .cornfields, burn houses, and so on, until the brethren had to stand in self defense; they had been emitten on one cheek and turned the other until they thought it was enough. The Haun's Mill massacre, will ever be remembered, and the stain will be handed down to posterity of the notorious and bloody butchery that befell the innocent citizens by fiends in human form; there was At Crooked justice nowhere to be found. River there was a settlement, this was 20 miles from Far West. A band of mobo-crat- e with a Methodist preacher at their head, (named Beauregard) for a captain, rode into this settlement, took men prisoners without any cause whatever, insulted women and destroyed property. Finally ilk a Kailtt ai tr AUUkllt) t in tliA Ann i rl rwl t AliV KHV UlCtillCii UlOailK-"vlljjl ill HIV The alnight to Far West for assistance. arm was given at midnight by the beating of a drum on the public square. My husband dressed and went over as quickly as he could, to see what the matter was. They made a call at once for volunteers to go to He came the rescue of these brethren. home and told me that he was going to Crooked ftiver that night with a Company to assist in dispersing the mob. I had a baby two weeks old and ague and fever had set in and no one to stay with me, but I told him to go, I would do the best I could. ' The company started right away with this short notice, for they had to stand as minute men in these perilous times. They rode on to the edge of the timber that skirted the river, when the guard of the mob fired upon them and killed one young man by the name of Obanion. Two or three of the . brothers took charge of him while the company went on down to disperse the camp of mobocrats. The consequence was a battle. ft - The enemy was routed out, but not without the shedding of blood. Captain D. W; Potter was wounded and died, the next day, Gideon Carter killed outright, and others of the brethren wounded, but in the. conflict the enemyJook and of course left thehv company outfit. Some left their harness, whilelothera cutiheir horses loose arid rode them away; and in their flight some left their guns, and as is always customary in battle, the spoils of the defeated party are taken by the victors, and in this case I would ask who are the aggressors,and who fired the first shot? Our brethren ' went to this place to try and protectmerely their to-ni- ght, . - WOMAN'S EKVOKfW 4f 4-v1;.- ,.. neighbors from tfce ravages 'of this mob and to make peace, if possible. Would or could thev see men thot down and not raise a hand in defense of their fellowmen? Verily the brethren were justified in what they did according to both the law of God and the law of the land. My husband had hissword torn from him in the conflict, and in the Now I suppose this spoil he took a rifle. would be called .stealing by some of the Some of the most abominable enemy. falsehoods have been in circulation about the Mormons; such as Mr. Cullom alluded to in his notorious speech. ' Well to return to my narrative. My hus- had not been band came home next day. out of bed, for I was too sick; my little boy Kli, five years old, to wait on .me was all at a glance tlit-rthe help I had. had been trouble, and he related to me what had happened and of the brethren beIt overcame me; and I was ing killed. sicker than ever. The news of the battle spread like wildThis was sufiiclent fire through the state. to arouse the whole state to come out against a few with their exterminating orders, because for once bur people stood in determined to protect their brethren from the outrages of these hostile people, for they were nothing else, but as I said the whole state was now aroused and in arms to come against us: their leader, General Clark", marched, his hosts of thousands up to within a mile and a half of Far West and camped. Clark, with some of his officers, came into Far West and demanded our Prophet and brother Ilyrum and several others of the brethren and took them as prisoners down to their camp, and put a guard around them. Previous to their being taken into the camp of the enemy Brother Joseph had' called the brethren together and talked to them and told them valiant and firm and'trustirrGodrhe' said, "I never realized the enemy so near our doors, but brethren be and said many more things to nerve up and strengthen them in their hour of peril, for it seemed as though we were to be swallowed up by this mighty host. As I said, they put a strong guard around these brethren held a court martial and sentenced them to be shot next morning. I was still sick in bed, but that night I could hear their martial band playing, and I can never forget the sound, for it seemed that alhthe infuriated demons of thy lower regions felt to triumph because they expected to see these pure and noble men shot down. When morning came their hopes were blasted.. True, as the song says, "God moves in a mysterious way," and so on. All at once a spirit more noble than the rest (Colonel Doniphan) ordered the men under his command into line and to march. Said he "I nothing to Jo with such murder." This caused a division, and an insurrection in their camp.so their lives were spared this time, and brought up into the city and permitted to take leave of their families and aged fatherl and mother with their little ones clinging to them and crying. . This scene of parting was enough to melt the heart of stone. not witness this, for the time had come that he had' to take care of himsdf for they were hunting for all those that had been in the Crooked River battle, these men were hurled off to prison to suffer from hunger, thirst and cold the winter months. After they hadduring secured thesp the .General came into the public prisoners, I I-s- self-defen- e aw ce - to-b- e stout-hearted- ," . will-hav- cold-blood- they-wer- . e ed T .... . - and required the brethren ta sign over their property to defray the expenses of the war, and made his speech, also1 gave his The brethren had order of Extermination; to stake their arms. My husband had given the gun he had taken among the spoils to another previous, 60 it was among the rest, his own he had taken apart, thrown the barrel on the house, and the rest into the cellar, . so they did not get it. Well, it is told in Church history all these our events, arid Clark's speech concerning ' I merely leaders and their fate and ours. bear my testimony of the facts because they came under my observation. My house was near the public square. Captain Beauregard with his man were camped near my house. They came to my house to search for arms and for my husband, and they were close upon him, but in God's providence he evaded them, and they never found him. Although he could not remain around home, yet he was in the city. They had a double guard around my house. Myself, my oldest boy, five years old then. Eli Tracy, now residing in Hunteville, Utah, another boy three years, and my baby, now three weeks old, in my arms in bed, thus was I in prison in my own house, and sick at that, with nothing to nourish and strengthen ...me, and only my little boy- toV give me a drink of water. Finally Brother Wood came with his wagon and tod me he would take me to his house, which he I shook two hours with the did that day. ague, and it was the last chill 1 had. I was shaking when I was put into the wagon, as though every bone in my body would drop to pieces. So the guard had nothing bnt the vacated house to guard. Now the crisis had come, we had got to leave the itate and not attempt to put in another crop, if we did the citizens would be upon U3 again. This, the General said, was a decisionary power vested in him," to let us stay until spring, so when he had driven the hoop as tight as he could he told his armies to go to their homes and hold themselves in readiness in case they were called for again. It was in vain to importune for redress, there was no attention given to our entreaties. This crusade was suffered to go on against an innocent people and no notice was taken of it, no alternative but to sacrifice .our homes and lands that were bought and honestly paid for. And why this outburst of persecution? For the same reason that in every age of the orld when God had a people on the earth they were persecuted, imprisoned and put to death in like manner for their religion; and because they, worshiped the true and living God and obeyed His commandments, and not because they had broken any law, because in the strictest sense of the word they were a community, and no one honored and revered the laws of the land more than the Latter-daSaints, and were taught to do so. and I know whereof I speak; and it is true, arid I feel constrained to write as I do,' for perhaps to some one who does not know what to believe,there has been and is still so much falsehood afloat about this people. I say here is my testimony that there is not a people on the face 'of the earth that is as careful to obey-a- nd uphold law and good Latter-daorder as the Saints. I have lived in the world and traveled much, have been identified with this Church for fifty years, and I speak according Jo knowledge. - Well it is all right, we are to be a tried people, and to be like gold, seven times tried, : . - law-abidin- g y y ? (TO BE CONTINUED.) ' 