i 32.;- "- WOM AN'SXl'OWENT. ff;" ; RCLIEF SOCIIHY IMPORTS. ALPINE STAKK. So- The quarterly conference of the Relief the larije . new meetinghouse Pleasant drove on rriday, President Rebecca Standring April 30, ' . presiding I resi- exerci.-e- s usual the After opening of dent Standring greeted the sixers, spoke the late (ienerai Conference in Salt Lake City and th'e remarks of President Joseph F. Smith, the spirit of which wad "Peace, he to fear if we do still." We our duty. Which wan also beautifully porheld a week trayed in our Stake Conference do our duty and ago. Let. us he faithful and L4 us not think-tha-t all will he well with us. when we pass from here that our work will he .done, for we shall lind that we will still he busy. Thi? existence in only a school that our hearts of preparation. Ltt us are in the work. Beaming by' Kmrna J. T: Huberts on "Compensation, or the reward of action." Stake President Stephen L. Chipmar, thorght thfre was a very good representaWe know tion of the stake this morning. what "the sisters are doing, and the good which they accomplish. Sister Standring has the faculty of having .the sisters work in union, and they take pleasure in their labors, keeping busy ard We should be a light honor their calling. to the world. People who have lived among us say they never saw a irt)re industrious people. Our mission is to save all who will You sisters are accomplishing be saved. much good. Sister Emily C. Bullock felt grateful to the Lord that she was able to be ere and partake of the spirit of this meeting. Could see a great improvement in the people 'for me sisiers are noing. a goog wor& in, inc.. wards. Was thankful for her standing in the Church' and desired to spend the remainder of her days in usefulness among. the people. Singing. Benediction by Counselor Harriet Jacobs. Afternoon Sersion: Conference 2 p.m. Counselor Annie C. Ilindley in charge. After the .devotional exercises. Duet, "Beyond the Shadows" by Sisters Blanch Greenwood and Ellen Smith. Sister Sina Chipman gave a talk on the importance of instilling faith into our children. The greatest need is religious training in the home. .Sister Ellen, I). Clarke gave a short sketch of the life of Sister Lmma b. Jheatherstone, showing her devotion to the work of the Lord,, and her diligence in Belief Society work . have-nothin- 1 Brother A. J. Evans of the Stake Presidency. When we meet in such assemblies as this, we enjoy the spirit and feeling of each other and our father in Heaven, and carr apply it to bur 'lives. Spoke along the line of prohibition and habits in the home in regard to the word of wisdom. Alpine stake stands almostat the- head of the list alphabetically. Let us strive to have-i- at the" top in Hying up to the word of God. Brother J ames H. Clarke of the Stake Presidency said wh en you heard the truth in ypumati ve landr yotrcompared "it wit frthe scripture and found it correct. It is just as true today. We cannot shirk the bility of it, and the Lord will prepare us for it if jve do our part and serve Him 'faithfully. The Latter-daSaijits should be the first to abolish the evil of intemperance, and use our influence in the suppression of the liqur -- ' - . , t r on trallic. Let us place the seal o! dishonor it and not'give license to such places, bpoke of the erection of the Stake Tabernacle and advisedvthe sisters to prepare to Itfave a so that legacy after they are gone beyond children' and others may see our good worn. Stake President Stephen L. Chipman enLet dorsed the remarks of the brethren. us be interested in building our Stake Tabernacle. It will be an honor to us in days to come and we will be thankful that we have helped to build and pay for it, if it is ever so small. May God bless the efTorts of the sisters of Alpine stake. Counselor Annie C. Hindley felt that we had had a feast of fat things and prayea the Lord's choicest blessings upon us as mothers and advised us to help in the building of the Tabernacle Compared the gospel and the life to come to traveling in an Ocean Steamer. We can have first, second or third class passage, juit as we wish, by the deeds of this life. Thanked the sisters of Pleasant Grove for the nice lunch they had served, and commended the move for it makes the work of the sisters less and they have more time to attend meeting and devote to other duties. Meeting closed by singing. Prayer by President Hebecca Standring. Conference adjourned for three months. Emma Fkatherstone, Secretary, HENRY BROWNE BLACKWELL. Two very celebrated great men, II. B. Blackwell and W. L. Garrison, have died quite recently that will be greatly missed by the suffrage women of the country, because of their advocacy of equal rights and of helpfulness to the cause of the-strengt- h humanity along many lines - of uplifting. They were contemporary with some of the very greatest men that New England has produced, and almost the last of those we are wont to call 'the old school." were among the "promoters of They anti-slaver- y and other notable reforms. Of this class too were Whittier and Holmes, Wendell h Phillips, Theodore Parker, Thomas Higginson and George Wm. Curtis, the Alcotts, Edward Everett Hale, and many illustrous women of the same sterling integrity, who were associated in the work, Mott, Lucy Stone, Mary A. Livermore, Harriet Beecher Stowe, Elizabeth Cady Stanton. Frances E. Willard and Susan B. Anthony; now only Julia Ward Howe and Caroline M. Severance remain of that bright galaxy of men and women of that early period yet we must not pass oyer the two sisters and the sister in law of Henry Browne Blackwell each of them we might say equally celebrated, Dr. Elizabeth Blackwell now aged 87, Dr. Emily Blackwell, aged 83, and Rev. Antoinette Browne .Blackwell, names familiar to all the progressive women of our time, and well known in the annals of history of the forward movements of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The tributes paid to the lhVand work of these great men would fill volumes, yet they ufTered persecution. because of espousing a Went--wort- Lu-cret- 67-69- ia lnr muse that has since been iiuwlc characterized as a ngiueoim uuu Green-leaf undertaking. So goes the world, John Whittier wrote of the late Mr. Blackwell the following verse which is truly expressive of his loyalty to woman kind. "Never woman in her suffering saw; A helper tender, true and brave as he, Lifting Iter harden of unrighteous law He ehames the boast of ancient chivalry. The beautiful tributes paid to Mr. Black-wel- l by his devoted and widely bebved daughter Alice Stone Blackwell are most tender and toucling, expressing as they do the purest sentiments of love and trust. At the close of herlri Memoriam she gives these grand and telling words of Garibaldi to "Remember that, Josephine E. Butler. though we pass away, and the leaders of a cause fall one by one, principles never die; they are eternal, world wide and unchangeable."Mr. Blackwell was at the Suffrage Convention in Seattle in July of this year climb- ing mountains and taking part in all the strenuous work of the campaign for suffrage. He was wonderfully vigorous to the very last, only the Sunday before his illness he walked three miles over rough hills and along the cliffs on the south shore of Martha's Vineyard in the early morning., and while he was ill in bed he referred to that trip to the Vineyard and how he had enjoyed it. Mr. Blackwell strongly disapproved of show and expense at funerals and repeatedly impressed upon his daughter (his only child) 'that when he passed away he wished to have only a simple pine box.' Henry Browne Blackwell was born May 4, 1825, died Sept. 7, 1909. Doubtless most of our readers know he was the husband At the time of fame. Stone of the courtship of this illustrious couple Lucy Stone "was the best known advocate of woman's rights in the country, and a set of verses had not long before appeared in the Boston papers describing the fervent gratitude that awaited the valiant man who should marry her and by matrimony (it reduce her to silence." 4 of-Luc- ladies' OUR SPECIALTY " -- . ready-to-wea- y wide-worl- d was-assume- A name like Curties shall be his, On Fame's loud trumpet blown, Who with a wedding kiss shuts up The mouth of Lucy Stone. Perhaps this little verse may give some.of our young people an idea of how the early advocates of woman's rights were ridiculed and noi only that but persecuted. The writer recalls many pleasant interviews with this genial chivalrous gentleman, he had known a number of our people in the early days of, the Church in Ohio, and had some business transactions with them of which he spoke favorably, remembering their business capacity of which he spoke in terms of praise, mentioning, particularly Hyrum Kimball and Joseph L. ' Hey wood. Mr. Blackwell was a man of tremendous power in speaking and iti writing;C (Unfinished article by the Editor) Main Street, Salt Lake City. 71 y . r OF JiyERY DESCRIPTION. garments - try lr tts 0 