WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 18 to draw-thThey could not get a team across drew wagon oil the' bridge, so the men it oil as best they, could, then .with Ahw teams took that wagon and family along until we got to a settlement, where the men or got another ox; Then we went on a day two, when one of Brother Corey's children was taken very sick and died. We were we quite a distance from any settlement socofthe brethren made a rude camped,-anfin for the little child and buried it there in the forest. Sister Corey thought this a great trial, and to it wasvbut the worst was yet. to come. We went on till within one hundred and fifty miles of our destination, Far West, when all of a sudden Brother Corey went out of his mind and raved and tore about and seemed to want to kill the rest of them. He would not be, administered to, and they coul not hold him; he was a large, powerful man. At last he gave up and seemed harmless; the brethren counseled together and thought it better to stop for a few days to see if he would not recover, but he never rallied again. We went a few miles to a settlement, because our means were limited, to see if we could get something to' make him more comfortable. We found an empty log cabin which the owner gave us leave to go into. My own little boy was shaking with the ague almost every day, and' I had. this sick man to take care of; his wife took to her bed, and three more of the children were taken sick. Brother Parrish had gone on his way, and Brother Huntington had got a house a half a mile from us, so the burden fell upon my husband and myself to take care of the sick. He would go out and work by the day and get what necessaries he could for his labor and bring in at night. Brother Corey lived about one week after we stopped in this place. I was alone with the sick family with the exception of a woman that lived near, when the husband and father of this family died, but it seemed that I was "nerved up" in body and spirit to do my duty, and it was marvelous to me how I endured what I was called, upon to pass through at that time, but the Lord gave me strength for my day and trial. We went 'to work and prepared this man for his burial. My husband got him a coflin made, although it was rather rough, but we did all we could, and the best we could under the circumstances, I think. There were men came to help' bury him; his wife held up to take her' last look upon him, and then he was buried a short distance from the house. Well, we were not going to forsake the rest of the sick, so we stayed on and took care of them until they were so far recovered that we felt justified in leaving them, for the widow concluded to go no further that year. Wre had gathered some provisions, enough to last a month or so, and we prepared to start again. It was now getting late in the season, my child was better and we wanted to fini3h up our travels before Before we left the family that let us have the house to stop in, they hid been kind to us, prepared dinner and invitedvery us to come over and partake with them; we went, and I can truly say that I never sat at a table spread with luxuries that I enjoyed as I did that meal; it consisted of fresh venison, sweet potatoes, eonubriaxUnd coffee-- it surely was a great treat to us, as we had not had the privilege to get ourselves a decent meal since we had been there. We bade these friends good by (their name was Birch). This was in Randolph county. e ""- I- - the oc Wnt ..JorapoHeaJor of God caeionVwas realized,' "The Spirit ' v "-- ' ' I felt that I would like a fire is burning." always like to enjoy the sweet communion with the holy spirit, as I enjoyed it in that or-- " house.. Solemn Assemblies were called, dinances administered to the Saints; the Elders went from house to house blessing the Saints and administering the sacrament and it was truly a day of rejoicing with the Saints of God, and surely nerved us up for what we afterwards had to contend with. There had a portion of the Saints settled in the inhabi-- . .JackBpn. .county .3lifi8buri,-bu- t tants would not let them etay there, altho' they had paid for the land, they forced them to leave, .the county. The brethren with their famines then went to Clay coun-- ' ty. This was going on while we. were yet in Kirtland, Ohio, we had been talking of going to Missouri. Brother Joseph had borrowed $50.00 of us, and we could not fit up without it, so my husband went to Brother Joseph to ask counsel about going, and told him that he did not need the money, if he did not go. Brother Joseph thought a moment and then said, ''Brother Tracy.it is the will of the Lord that you should go, and your money shall be forthcoming, tho' I do not know now how I am going to get it," so we made up our minds to go, That summer there were many Klders sent out from the house of the Lord, jind that spring. My husband belonged to the lesser priesthood, he greatly iiesireu to make a snort trip to New York, to once more bear a faithful testimony to his father's house and his friends in general, before we went to Missouri. The time was short for we wanted to go by the middle of June and this was in April, so Brother Harry Brown and my husband put their families together, and they two brethren started together for New York, were gone six weeks, when they returned home and began to fix up for our journey of one thousand two miles, Jhis.time. with oxteams,-wit- h families in one wagon. Brother Dimick Huntington's family of five, and our own with four in family; two other families go- -' ing inthe company with a team each; these were Brothers Ezra Parrish and V. M. Corey, four families in all, and three wagons. . It will be seen. that this was not going to be a pleasure trip like unto our first. Wwere nearly ready to start when Brother Joseph Smith the Prophet came to us and said, "Here, Brother Tracy is your money. I. have just sold a half-acrJot; I told you I would get it for you." We bade adieu to Kirtland, where we had lived one year in unalloyed peace and happiness and received many rich blessings in connection with the Saints of God, which I have often said better fitted p.nd prepared us for what was before us,,and I often thought, "Shall we enjoy ourselves when we get to Missouri as we have in Kirtland?" All things being made ready, we started on our journey. We had no tents, so we made our beds in our wagons. In general we got along slowly, the weather was getting pretty warm; we had the summer before us. There was nothing ocnnrrecl tn trior our peace until we came into the borders .of Missouri, when one day we came to a stream of water with a very narrow bridge, and got to the center, when one of the oxen dropped and began to throw .itself; in its XT . . ,."771 e mrrrr a s"rrr VT ' t iiv uacvicuJ tu 6co me v..u6w. wagon with the children thrown into the stream, but the men got him loose from the other ox and it died and was draeced off hv fho J w KfW , . e ' ' I r - v ' . uimuiUli d cold-weathe- . r. wtnl on i)nd gpV to our journey's end ,W towards the middle of November, ai'd cav West, for the Saints had just moved in from Clay county and were indestitutt circumstances. They had now been driven from Jackson county into Clay county, and from there into Caldwell county. It seemed that there was no resting place fojr the Saint? of God, for persecution followed them up; but this was still another testimony, for.m all ages when God had people on the earth i F'ar ; they had been .persecuted in like manner. But the Saints soon built up a city, and felt tc trust in Goil, knowing they had been commanded to come out of Babylon, and gather together, that they may not be partakers of her plagues, that would soon be poured out upon the wicked. My husband went to work with a wilLu timber was handy, he soon put up a log cabin. There were no saw mills, so he had to make the best use of the "timber- as it was. He got straight grained oak and split out boards for the roof and floor and door, no window," dirt chimney and fireplace. This rude structure was put together in about two weeks ready for us to go into, for the cold and storms were getting severe. How I did appreciate the shelter from the But what next? rude blasts of December! Our food was gone, and no alternative but for my husband to go into an adjoining county and seek for employment to get us something to live upon. My two little boys had come down with whooping cough, but their father had to leave us, and went thirty-fiv- e miles over the bleak prairie with a team. He got some work and started home with two barrels of corn and one hundred pounds of coarse Hour, but the cold was so intense he almost perished on the prairie. At one time he felt himself going to sleep; he thought he was freezing, but was so numb it was with great exertion that he got out of the wagon. He firiully got the use of his limbs, but dared not get into the wagon anymore; at last he got home safe, with our winter supply of food, for what he had got would be our dependence for he could go no more, but deer was plentiful and venison was a great help to our winter's supply. The little boys did not get over their cough until spring, they had it very hard. We had plenty of wood, which was a great blessing, and the deer were fat and I could make candles of their tallow for our lights. We were happy, and felt that the Lord was ever mindful of those that trusted in Him, and we never felt to murmur nor complain. hen spring came my husband entered a piece of land three miles from Far West, planted corn and other things and we raised quite a crop that season,' and all things moved along pleasantly that summer. Brother Joseph Smith, the prophet, his father and brother, came up to Far West, so we had the prophet and 'patriarch with us again. In this blessing we felt to rejoice, that w'e had the privilege from time to time of listening to the words of life and salvation that flowed from the prophet's lips. C To he continued ) n - A -- Mrs. Malvina M. McKeever of Roxbury, -- school "for Mass., is to estabjiskia-traini- ng nurses iri Ianila. It is to be under the control of the bureau of education, and Filipino girls are to be the students. Mrs. McKeever served as a nurse in the Spanish War,and later was matron in the Civil Hospital at Manila. - . : 4 J t-- 