WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 5Jd-3rIinn- Home James had the r v irniuiin.f JVrtr inm J i n' nii,ii nur ' voimik 'V7tvm . sub- - fir 11 V , u the riht direction; an "advance ; step-- in thought we had neglected the inental part in the past, we had done much temporal work We are anxto the neglect of iht mind. ious to have things comfortable around us, but if we would give more attention to gaining knowledge we would be better qualified Someto comprehend our true position. and read a page times we take up and then turn back to Fee what we have been reading before.. Spoke of those who cic iuu uiu iu jeuni, reierreu mougiii to a woman she knewwho even learned to Sieter read after she was sixty years old. Jame8irged .the sisters to study and improve their minds, it would make them more useful in any position in life, there opportunity to read and study. A sister from Alpine Stake spoke of one ward. in that Stake where questions were written and handed to the sigters to be answered. She knew of many instances where women in years had studied and acquired learning and knowledge; the suggestion of handing questions in at meeting seemed to be a good one to adopt whenever v CItricp";,, vtML apropriate." Counselor Ida Smobt Dusenberry gave a very instructive talk on the mother and the child; referred to the time long ago of a woman famous in the past who was gentle, loving and tender,said we know of her beautiful character and purity, we read in the Greek mythology of Pandora, the first woman. One day she lifted the lid of a box. and three boxes contained all the vices; she lifted the second time and Hope came out of the box. Hope brings (aith, and what would we live for if it were not for faith? She dwelt eloquently upon this subject. Napoleon said to Madame de Stael, "All we need to make France the glory of the world, is to have good women." Th? speaker' dwelt upon this subject with much pathos and1 enthusiasm, and proved how much love and tenderness in the home meant to all the household; the points taken by the speaker were happily illustrated and reference was made to the teachers who visit the sick; love, sympathy and. faith are necessary to all, and music on the great harp of life is what we all need and can cultivate to make home and happiness. The officers and members of the Board of Directors of the Society were then presented by Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry, and also the several Committees, names, etc. Bathsheba W. Smith, General President. Ida S. Dusenberry, Counsslor. Emmeline B. WelJs, General Secretary. Clarissa S. Williams, General Treasurer. Jane S.--. Richards, Sarah Jenne Cannon, Romania B. Penrose, Susan Grant, Emma S. Woodruff; Julina L. Smith, Emily S. Richards, Julia P3I. farnswbrth, Phebe Y. Beatie, Carrie S. Thomas, Alice Merrril Home, Annie Wells Cannon, PriscillaP. Jennings, Elizabeth S. Wilcox, Harriet B. Barker, Minnie H. James, Rebecca, N. Nib-leAmy B. Lyman, Annie K. Hard Lizzie T. Edward,- - MusicaKDirector. Edna H. Coray, Organist. Emma A. Empey, Superintendent Graduated Relief Society Nurses. Dr. Margaret C, Roberts, Instructor Relief Society bchool Of Nurses. Chairman Standing Committees: Emmeline B. Wells, Building Committee. Phebe Y. Beatie. Relief Society School of Xutftfl v y, Furnish. pie while living, and "the 'memory of heic faith and integrity will stand fore vet, as a Saints. waymark to the Latter-da: Solomon Kimball, the author,has many of the sterling and noble qualities of his par ents, and the book has been written out of the fulness of his own heart with a genuine desire to do good to those who are wayward and "sometime disobedient," that they may walk in the paths of truth and righteousness and not yield to temptation. It is, "a 8 its title indicates, thrilling in the extreme. The book is of a character to give the reader much food for thought. One is reminded of the startling sermons of Heber C. Kimball and also of .the conversion of the Apos-- . tie Paul. We are told the book is having a ready sale, and we hope and trust it may do much good among the young people. - - Carrie Julina " S. omas," PfesComTmHteV. . L. Smith", Hospital Committee. y Singing "Love at Home." Benediction, ur. Margaret C. Roberts. Adjourned to Thursday, Oct. 7. 10 a. in. UOHN STEVEN'S COURTSHIP." a-bo- e 'HiMnj 29 A new book t ha? recently been issued from the Deseret News oilice entitled "John Steven's Courtship." .The author is the versatile and prolific writer and journalist, Susa Young Gates, well and favorably known both in the United States and Europe. Mrs. Gates is a daughter of Brigham Young, and possesses much of his marvelous ability. The book is unique in many .respects; it deals with facts and fiction ingeniously connected, and cannot fail to deeply interest its readers. Some names that the book contains are as familiar to the people of Utah as. household words, and the Echo Canyon war, of which it is really a story, is one of the most historic events in "Mormon" history, and marks an epoch in Utah that is strongly emphasized because of its pathetic and thrilling incidents and its triumphant outcome. If it were only for the fact of with this subject, the book should recommend itself wherever it might be circulated, certainly our own young people will be more or less fascinated with a story that deals principally with their own mountain homes, and the stirring events of those troublous, timts, never to be erased from the memory of even the little children who recall the incidents of what was significantly spoken of then aB "The Move South." If the Mormon women who were living at that time were to give personal experiences of what transpired during that eventful year from July, 1857 to the fall of 1858, it would make a most romantic story without the embellishment of fiction. There is no lack of material for writing interesting reminiscences, and we assuredly are "'a peculiar people" with a wonderful history. "John Steven's Courtship" ought to sell well outside of Utah, and now that Salt Lake City has become so famous that many thousands of tourists visit it every year, Mormon literature may perhaps become popular. Therefore, we are safe in saying this book will have a ready sale, the simple title of "Courtship" bespeaks its popularity to young folks, and "Echo Canyon war" will appeal to most people, and is a new subject for a story, although given second place as a its-dealin- 4 THRILLING . INCIDENTS." A book has been issued during the pres- ent year by Solomon F. Kimball containing incidents and experiences in his own life, that are very extraordinary, and to these who are interested in spiritual matters of prophecy, visions and manifestations, this book will appeal with very .great interest. It is a wonderful work, and, vividly portrays the depth of religious feeling with which the author has been inspired,- - noi - only while , - writing the'peculiar eircumstances-S- feelingly given , in its pages. Farnham Kimball is Solomon Brother the eon of Heber C. ?nd Vilate Murray Kimwell known as early members of ball, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da-y b-t- h j EDITORIAL NOTES. There are some .important notes left over that will appear in the next issue of the paper, and an excellent articlo by Sister Lydia I). Alder. g The Regent of the Utah Society Daughters of the Revolution has received word from the President General of the D. It. Society of the U. S.,.Mrs. Adeline Frances Fitz, that she will visit the Utah State Society in her Western tour; and it is expected she will arrive in this city, Thursday, November 12, and remain until Sunday afternoon. November 15. Suitable arrangements are being made bj the Regent and Committees of members appointetl by her, and a good time is anticipated. The Daughters of the Revolution held the first meeting after the summer vacation, Sept. 1G, 1909, at the home of the new The oc- Regent, Mrs. Alice Merrill Home. -- home being decorated in a pleasing style in the Society colors. The Regent gave her inaugural address to the daughters in a most gracious manner, and cordially welcoming them to her home. Other numbers of the program was rendered, and the guests proceeded to the dining room where the table had been hid in the prettiest way, and the menu served was of the finest and daintiest possible to obtain, fish baked in sea shells,-an- d other delicacies of the season, a large bowl or vase filled with the choicest flowers in the Society colors and covered with baby wreath formed the center piece, with finest linen, china, and cutglass, the table was a delightful picture, and the ladies were , in the happiest mood imaginable. The conversation corresponded to the surroundings, and the appetizing luncheon was thoroughly enjoyed. A very excellent and auspicious beginning to open the 12th year of work of the Utah State Society, Saturday, Oct. 10, 1909, the Daughters , of the Revolution held the second meeting" of the season in the handsome parlors of the new and elegant residence of Dr. and Mrs. Elias Wright. The rooms were beautifully decorated, and the Regent, Mrs. Alice M. Home, opened the meeting promptly and .dispatched such business as required im- - -- mediate-attentioThe regular-progra- m consisted of the reading of the Constitution of the United States by Mrs. E. B. Wells with a view to prepare for discussion. This was followed by Judge T. D. Lewis on Finance, etc., who spoke with painstaking in- n, 