'.5, ' ? ' A LOVING TRIBUTE. ; . Sister Sophia' T. Nuttalirdaughter of the late President John Taylor and wife of the late L. John Nuttall departeathis life March 20th, 1909, at her home on West Temple Street.;- - Sire was ill for several month's during which time she was patient and long suffering, always expressing a desire to live for her children and to finish her work on earth acceptably to her Father in Heaven, yet she would gay, "I am ready if the call comes Siater Nuttall was born July 14th, 1819, She left three children in Salt Lake City. to follow, in her footsteps, William Taylor Nuttall, Mrs. Geo..B. Andrusand Mary Jay-lo- r Nuttall. , ... '.. Her passing away was like falling into a, peaceful sleep which was her faith it would be, as in a recent Patriarchal Blessing she was told she should not taste of death, but her spirit should take its flight as a babe falling into a quiet slumber. By her death the 17th Ward. Relief Society sincerely feel - that they have lost a wise counselor, an experienced instructor, a faithful worker and trusted friend. For such she was, having for the foundation of her life's work the spirit of the Gospel of Christ obtained by a life of sacrifice and devotion to the principles of. the Gospel inthepossession of which success is sure. She was the oldest worker in the society, having served as counselor to Sister Bathsheba W. Smith as early as the year 1891. Afterwards laboring as Sister Clarissa Williams counselor for seven years and in her last days she was counselor to Sister Fidelia Jacobs. The long and loving associations with her have endeared her to the society, which will remain with them until it 13 renewed in the life to come. Annus IL Cowley. " ' ' . " " iwtf.- u :. NOTES AND NEWS. Madame Sarah Grand is to deliver an address of .welcome at the International. Suf-rag- e At the afternoon session the sameTwesid-- ' a ing authorities were present and there-walarge attendance of members. The roll call showed all the wards represented. Sister Rebecca Nibley spoke of the necessity of us sustaining prohibition and urged that mothers and wives use their influence in helping loved ones to abstain from intoxicants, etc. Solo "Daughters of Zionf Sister Essie Foulger. Sisters Caroline E. Facer - and - Marv- - J. Harding, each made a few jemarks relating to Relief Society work. President Milton H. Welling spoke of his appreciation of the Relief Society work and gave good counsel and advice to. the sisters s ' Convention in London. r . Olive Schreiner is about to bring out a book entitled "Closer Union for South Africa.' It deals with the political situation. Fanny Friedman has just did at the home of her daughter, Mrs. Bertha Burger, 244 East 85th street, NewYork City, aged 112 years and three months. Mrs. . "Miss Ethel L. Arnold says she hopes the American public "will not be misled by the lying newspaper reports which represent the and scratch suffragettes ing the London police' Evidently some English journals are as "yellow" as any in presents Sister Clarissa Williams spoke of the duty of one toward another. Said, "It is for us to do all we can for our Father's children. We this country." . should live near each other," love each other Over 1,000 representative women from 2G and be kind and attentive to all even the of New York State appeared bewho may be in our midst. counties committee of both Houses fore the Extended the love and blessing of President of the judiciary at Legislature Albapy in behalf of the Bathsherja Smith to the sisters of the new amendment striking tht word "male" from Bear River stake. , clause of the State Constituthe Sister Nibley then called for a vote of all tion. suffrage those who would sustain prohibition. The vote was unanimous. Josiah Taft, grandson of Robert Taft, the President Julia A. Richards expressed her immigrant who settled in Uxbridge, Mass., pleasure at having had such a successful in 1680. was at his death the largest taxconference and felt that we had received payer in Uxbridge. much that Tvould encourage us in our duties. - The town meeting granted his widow the Prayer Sister Eva Wilcox: right of suffrage during her son's minority. She exercised it creditably to her intelligMargaret W. Manning, ence. Secretary. On one occasion, the Province of Massachusetts Bay made a special demand upon for some NINETEENTH VARD HALL. the towns for money-(possiThe Relief Society of the 19th wa d of the military emergency), and it was the widow Salt Lake stake of Zion, completed a hall Taft!s vote in town meeting which carried the question, her patriotism being shown In behalf of the 17th Ward Belief Society. for their use for meetings, also for sowing, by her support of the measure.. and socials, etc., onTebruary 1st, 1909. C. A. B. Ex. The building contains a front rooms 20x20 coal bin, feet, and a kitchen, pantry, RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. The 41st Convention of the National all under one roof. and tables cupboards, BEAK 111 VER STAKE. The building; cost, including plumbing, American Woman Suffrage Association will be held in Seattle, Wash., July 1 to 7 inThe first Belief Society conference of the wireing and fixtures ($2,031.25) two thouI Bear River slake of Zion, convened at the dollars and twenty-fivsand thirty-oncents. clusive. This marvelous, city of the Pacific Coast Garland hall, Friday, January 8th, at 10 a. The Society still owe about $600.00. ,. m, and 2 p. m. . At the opening, on February 25th, 1909, in twenty years has multiplied its populaThere were present Stake President Milton 72 people called in the afternoon,T07 in the tion twenty times, increasing from 15,000 to i H. Welling, Counselor P. 31. Hansen, four evening and 75 children on the following 300,000, a growth unparalleled in the hismembers of the High Council, two bishops, afternoon. A program was rendered and re- tory of cities. To those who have had the Clarissa S. Williams and Rebecca Nibley of freshments were served. opportunity of visiting it, howeyer, this the General Relief Society Board, President growth is not wonderful, considering its ad-- . ; Among those present were three members Susannah P. Booth and Mary J. Harding of the High Council, also Sisters H. B. Harker, vantages in relation to ocean transportation, of the Box Elder stake Relief Society and C. S. Williams, E. B. Wells, the Bishop, and its commercial possibilities, both local and President Caroline E. Facer of the Malad Counselors, Pres. of Young Ladies Associa- foreign, and over and beyond everything stake Relief Society, the Bear River stake tion, Pres. Primary Association, Pres. Re- else, its unrivalled scenic beauty. - The members and friends of the convenPreiidency and members of the board. ligion Class, and nearly every organization President Julia A. Richards presided. of the ward was represented. , tion will go to Seattle in a, special train from After the opening exercises, reports were It was a very enjoyable time, exercises Chicago, with through sleepers, and upon arrival at Spokane, the eastern boundary of given by the presidents of the ward organizwell rendered and good music. the State, we shall be met by "The Woman ations, who expressed themselves as deeply G. Branch, Agnes in work. the Relief Society interested Suffrage Special' and escorted to Seattle, Secretary. President Richards reported the visits of stopping en route at Pasco, North Yakima herself aud associates to all the wards of the jmd Tacoma, each city vieing with the other which were found ac Rev. Anna H. Shaw sailed on April 10 in extending courtesies and entertainments. Stake, to'fiejna live, tive condition. for London, to attend the meeting of the On account of the Alaska Yukon ExposiPresident Susannah P. Booth bore her International Suffrage Alliance. Miss Lucy tion, the exceedingly low rate of $62 for the - testimony, ta the great good $t thebenevolent E. Anthony ancTMiss Caroline Crossett round trip has been authorized from Chica11 cause and was thankful to be a worker in anled her. , i go, with return until OcfTSlT ' the same. Instrumental solo Miss Lera Clark. Vocal solorrMrsf'Mary" Wanlass ? " Sister Clarissa S. William 3 had enjoyed the reports and felt that as a new stake we 67-6Q- -iwere much favored. Gave words of instrucMain- . City- tion and encouragement to the sisters. During the noon hour, delicious refresh- OUR SPECIALTY ladies' ready-to-wegarments TRY US ments were served. OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. non-Mormo- ns . .. . bly ; toi, . - e e V . ac-co- " ; R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. . Street, Salt Lake ' - ri - ar 