. m 4 r 1 . . rvr03-ivJ.-twiMfv ." J WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. iv ..... . J , Wrirc&l XlixCtiiHion fee for their representative, al meet' - jt .... though any student who wishes to pay the wv ' Willi thpirrlmrr.h! wlipn I was fifteen inn and studying the Bible and finally to my tuition herself may do so if willing to accept ready to be and veara of ace my mother came to see me and tzreat satisfaction 'said sign the Relief Society Nurse Contract, I had measurably regained my attached much I became bo baptized. stayed one year; a copy of which follows: beand on the 10th day of May, 183-1, of health I idea the bear could not to her that Elder Thomas CONTRACT. ing Separated from her again; when she was we were both bapUzed by I told her I wanted to go Dutcher. to leave preparing In consideration of obtaining instruction I knew I At that early day the opposite power was with her; she finally consented. free in the Relief Society Nurse School, I was leaving a good home where I had been at work filling the minds of the people with promise to answer all calls mads upon me comhad and the p'ress mother too for knew that caret! pulpit prejudice kindly the Superintendent of. Relief Society had no home of her own; still I had a great menced a tirade against, the Mormons and by li. tnougmi l nau11orougm a great. Nurses,to or acting Superintendent where I anxiety to go and take the change of a home my relatives live, give forty dayhantyjm I was going to school at the time JJjadethe4tn-nponelf-nd-thin-iiiinhracinand To nurse for whatever reschool and my friends -eoodbye and Went such a delusion, as they called it; they e ver required, muneration that may be designated by said with my mother. When we arrived at Jef- would send me the papers of the day with or acting Superintendent, ferson Co. I was again placed in school for the most vile slander and falsehoods to see Superintendent, for the term of one year after graduation, the winter, in the spring I was offered "a if they could not reclaim me; but I was not to consult my SuperintenI school to teach but I declined; I thought I moved; I felt humble and felt to thank God and also agree in relation to all cases of nursing in was too young being only sixteen years old; that my soul was at last satisfied, thus far; dent I engage. so I went to live with Abram Tracy's family, that I had embraced truth instead of error which his wife was my mother's cousin; while there and it was marvelous to me how I had esThose who do not wish to sign this conI became acquainted with his brother Moses. with of uniting caped while in tender years tract may attend the school by paying the of between some an of attachment sprung up the religions the. day, I was Tracy, us, and on the 15th day of July we were brought up so strictly amongst them I felt regular fee of $50.00. My to acknowledge the hand of God that I had married; this was in the year 1S32. Homes, where the students may assist husband then took me home to his father's been preserved with my heart pure to listen with the work for their board and room, can to live until we could get a home of our to the voice of the good Shepherd. The Gosbe furnished with good lormon famown; in the fall we went to pel spread and a good many large branches always the winter passed off very pleasantly with were organized through Jefferson Co. and ilies. us; and in the spring of 1833 there was quite adjoining counties; the gifts and blessings We sincerely trust the members of the Reminisof of the Gospel were poured outupon those a sensation created by ,a new set lief Society realize the value of this course around ters that came preaching, called that had embraced it in rich profusion. One to young ladies as a part of their education. Mormonism; we heard all sorts of stories instance which I will relate that came diand did not know what to think of them, rectly under my observation of the gift of The cost of books will be $3.00 to $5,00. such frightful stories were told; at length we healing. For further particulars write to Mrs. Phebe heard of an appointment, that one David be To continued.) ( Y. Beatie; 55 North, West Temple Street, W. Patten was going to preach about two Salt Lake City,, miles from where we lived; a curiosity seized me and I felt I must go and hear him; so Bathsueba W. Smith, President. three of us went together. Ensign Tracy's RELIEF SOCIETY SCHOOL OF Emmeline B. Wells, Gen'l Sec'y. wife Lydia, Margaret Minor.and myself: and NURSES. to our astonishment beheld a tall stately Phebe Y. Beatie, with man black he looking piercing eyes; Chairman R. S. School of Nurses. The Presidency and General Board of the arose and gave out a hymn we expected to Emma A r Empey, see some one hardly in human" form; from Relief Society announce thatjthe next Relief Gen'l Supt. of Graduated Nurses. what we had heard, but instead T could at a Society School of Nurses taught under their glance see the noble spirit he possessed direction will commence Monday, September beaming in his countenance; and when he. 20, 1909, and continue eight months in Salt OBSTETRIC SCHOOL. began toTBpeak it was with such force and Lake City- - Dr. Marf aret C. Roberts will be ' power before he was half through I could It is requested that the have borne my testimony to the truth of the the instructor. Margaret C. Roberts, m. d. will comGospel and the doctrine he was preaching; Stake Presidents will at once consult with mence her School in Obstetrics October 11, never before had I heard the true Gospel as their Ward Presidents for the purpose of see 1909. $50.00 Tuition. the Savior and his Apostles had taught it lecting intelligent, bright and energetic young while they were on the earth; but this man Students attending this school can attend, of good moral character to take this women had now given us a pure Gospel sermon and free of charge, the Relief Society Nurse course in nursing. I believed it with all my heart, and would In recommending this course in nursing School which will also be taught by Dr. have gladly gone down into the waters of baptism, but I wanted my husband to hear given through the Relief Society, it should Roberts. it first, and come along with me; these be remembered that the students graduating It is suggested that the Presidents of the Elders preached often in the neighborhood will have the privilege of paying for their and.many became convinced of the truth of Relief Society everywhere confer with their the Gospel and were baptized and finally tuition with their work among the needy.and quite a large branch of the Church was should any of tl ose coming from a distance Bishops and with Presidents of the Young organized in the town of Ellisburgh. My desire to gain some practical experience in Ladies' Mutual Improvement Associations husband did not seem to believe as readily Salt Lake City before returning to their on the important: subject of having skilful as I would have liked, but still I believed homes, or at any time, the General Super- mid wives in their when he would give himself up, to investi"respective communities. gate the Gospel he would embrace it for I intendent will take pleasure in helping them ' For further information communicate with . ' to do eo. knew he was honest of heart. o VA r I . lead f TiCSaly: in the Spring )ibSK-nn- d aa -- m mut - i r . ut - -- . he-wa- s . ' and .1- 1 T A . i. g W w . house-keepin- g, " 1 ' November-th- e 25th, 1833, our first son was bora and for a long time I lay as it were at death's door; the presiding Elder of the branch use to come to our house and would talk about the Gospel and its ordinances, and I felt a great desire to be administered to, but I was surrounded by unbelievers, and had no obeyed the ordinance of baptism, as I had felt constrained to do and felt that I was unworthy to ask for the blessing but I determined if the Lord would let me live to go forth in the discharge of what I knew was Dr. Margaret The tuition for the course in nursing will be $10.00 and it is expected that the Relief Society organization in each Ward will pay . ' 79 C Street, C. Salt-Lak- Roberts e Telephone 2002 6971 Main Street Salt Lake Citv. J OUR SPECIALTY y LADIES' R OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. READY-TO-WEA- ' ,; GARMENTS - s . nnc nrx R. K. THOMAS DRY r.v ..; City - .... TRY US 