W.OMAN'S EXPONENT. 30. 1 TANTI; RORA. A wa?rfl7if riroiiriiss'cnrf'Wifif in detail. rising vote of thanks was .given Judge Thomas I). Lewis for hi interesting and a delicious luncheon was served A f i ad-dreF- S, to the company, including the Judge, after which the session resumed the transaction of important business, pertaining to the visit in November of the President (Ieneral of the Society, Mrs. Adeline Frances Fitz. of Wakefield Mass. Mrs. K. B. Wells, member of the Committee of the (ieneral the re-Society on Patriotic work presented Commitquest from the Chairman of that tee in reference to raising means to build a suitable memorial to the sailors of the Revolution at Annapolis, Maryland, a work never yet. undertaken. Mrs.. Wells stated that the President (Ieneral of the society had corresponded with the Department of the U. S. Navy of the United .States and had reThe. ceived favorable replies in although ladies'- - responded graciously, as informed he should the Regent felt they to what ihe memorial would be. Mrs. Wells was not able to furnish that information, as the whole matter is still in embryo. Meeting adjourned after several committees had been appointed to arrange for suitable entertainment for the President General's sojourn in the city. an-ticipate- "' - tha-matter- MEHORIAn. IN A brief sketch of the life of Sister Maren Peder- een. Sister Pedereen was horn at Stroe, Sjolland," Her parent? and her Denmark. April children were greatly honored and respected among their associate's. They were prosperous farmers and mechanics, and were possessed of considerable musical ability. She and her Hans Pedereen, embraced the Gospel in 18(i2, emigrated to Zion in I8(K, came to Fast Mill Creek, but moved on the- Weber ia Konimit-cduntthen rpmoved to Wilford Ward, in the Granite Stake, where they' finally made their home. Hans Pedereen died twenty years ago last . hue-ban- d, - y, June. r, .. - . n great-grandchildre- -- ; " ; n Axsixe M.' Peterson, : In behalf of the Relief Societv of the Wiifdrd Ward in the Granite Stake, x... SKKTCH;- old-fashion- ed glow-eve- e 1 sher '' 1 . I 1 r n n ri A t sOa i r rt r t woduik V mc inkWphig.with WereVou ever in Berne that quaintest of all cities, with its dark arcades, itsueer clock of bears, representing the apostle, its To step over gates and towns, its bear pits? from sunnv gay I'aris into this queer little twenplace is like dropping back from the tieth centurv into the middle ages; and in order to realize that one. really is living in modern times it becomes necessary to strangers and students resident there, to slip. away occasionally to Paris or Berlin or some other place with street cars and electric lights. Vet if you really want to study life inhuman pictures, the charm and quiet of this place will draw you back and bold you. Nowhere else in Switzerland. are the Alps r more lovely where else does the after seem so bright? Long after the evening shadows have fallen upon the valleys and the lingering rays of the evening sun have faded from the snowy peaks themselves, the .mountain begin to glow from their bases upwards as if illumined by a bright internal fire. And then that beautiful green river, the Aare, a hundred feet below around the city with it 3 circling serpent-likfine historic bridges all these form a pict ure not repeated on the map of Europe. Elsie Frost, a bright American girl from the Rocky Mountain Region, was one who experienced all these sensations. She had been studying art in Paris, and off for a sketching tour had suddenly come upon this quaintest of cities and she felt as though she With the had fallen into another world. true instinct of the artist, however, she soon found a wide field for her work and one of her chief amusements was to study the people of the "Matte." These were those who earned their two francs a day in the" cotton mills or soap factories or some such place. On Mondays and Wednesdays the Hausfrau does ler was h in g not" hers alone bu Tot i er people's too; and this was one of the most interesting days of all to the young student. None of your electrical motors nor modern washing machines here not even the tub and washboard; but the "gute Frau" carries her huge basket down to the public street fountains, and oh, what gossip and sociability is indulged in, and what a picture! Four or five women glibly narrating the news ; of their neighbors in the "Matte,' while they soap and toss the soiled garments back and forth on the stones of the fountain. Elsie used often to wonder how, in the world the clothes ewr became clean without rubbing; but they did, in a fashion at any rate; the constant flowing water made fine cleansing. One dear old lady, Tante Rora they called her, always had her clothes clean, any way and she was the one Elsie cared most about, for she did Elsie's washing. Tante Rora was very tall and noMcdaVk as most of the Bernese womenrand it neve seemed quite natural to washing, she had such dignify anf ;alm demeanor. When Tante joined in the gossip it was usually to say some kind word in defense of the one whose character was being assailed, and she always seemed to Elsie something better than her surroundings. Her language, too, was not the harsh patois of the T)ber-lan- d but Something Elsie could better understand, more like the, German she was trying to master under her teacher. The singing and babble of- - the women, the splash and swish of, the clothing on the 1 ' children among the baskets all had a charm old-fashion- 8ister Pedereen w as the mother of ten children, six of whom preceded her to the other side. She identified herself with the Relief Society in 1870, and later became a teacher in that organization. She w as a conscientious and faithful wotk-ekind to the poor and afflicted, even the animals shared her love and kindness. Her name is found on the tithing, Relief Society and grain association records; and wherever and whenever a call was made upon her she always responded cheerfully and liberally. She was very hospitable, none went from her door hungry, and many she had clothed, like "Dorcas ot o'ld." Bhe would card and spin and .knit mittens and 6tockings for many little cold hands and feet, She ould rather deny herself than see others suffer or go without help. She truly, honored her father and' mother, for she lived her religion faithfully; she also worked in the Salt Lake and Logan Temples for her departed kindred as far as she could secure their genealogy. , She was the only member of her father's household who embraced the Gospel, and because of her faithfulness lived to a good, old age. She enjoyed the loveland tender care of her children and grandchildren until the clo'se of her eventful life. ;. died Pedereen June Sister 3, MKK), and leaves 'one son, three daughters, twenty-sevegrandand a children, twenty-thre- e host of true friends, to mourn her departure. She7 died as she lived' in full faith of the Gospel, arid a 'hope, of a glorious- resurrection," as well as an " eternal union, with tyr loved ones. .- ! . l ' wet stones, xno ryi,n ed One day Elsie succeeded in ingratiating herself in Tante Bora's good favor to the extent of getting invited to her home in the Her This she had long wanted. Matte. curiosity knew no bounds and she had many times wished she could get inside these homes, as she had wandered a good deal through the dark passages, down the stone steps and along by the river studying the Rut she never seemed queer habitations. to be able to get very close to the people. Why should these humble folk think a strange young girl, smart in her dainty clothes, with her quick, jaunty air, had any desire to know such slow, toiling Yet that- was just what she did want she had a burning desire to know them and to study them. Artists don't hunt subjects in the universities and opera houses of the world there art itself is personified but in humble haunts where nature has . full sway. Few even of the peasants, in this day ever wear those picturesque costumes of the Cantons but Elsie had noted with great satisfaction that in the Matte some of the women and girls went to church on Sundays decked in these "adorable'' costumes replete with fiuted stomacher, velvet bodice and collar, silk apron, silver chains and all, and among these was Tante Bora. In her mind Elsie framed all kinds of romances about this tall dignified washwoman, but, never one, if she only knew it, But let that equalled the true romance. that pass. She finally found her way to the home by asking to make a study sketch of Tante in The first visit led to her Swiss costurre. many more until she became quite a familiar sight along the river front. In return for the sittings and suggestions she received, Elsie used to tell such wonderful things of the opportunities o f her 6wn: western "home" that several of the. families in the Matte became fired with a desire to emigrate to that great America. She surely had told them how low their earnings were in their own land compared with what they could get in hers, and she certainly meant them well when she told Fritz, Tante Rora's only son that for what he now received, two francs, he would get five times so much in America, that, in fact, he would very shortly receive enough so the "gute Mutter" would not need ' to work at all; Through her good management the "gute .Mutter" had been able to save quite a little hoard of money and she very gladly advanced this to her boy Fritz to emigrate to this wonderful America, with-t-he understanding that when he found this work which would pay 'him so well he send for his mother. There was some commotion in theiMatte" getting young Fritz ready for the long were said journey; (but finally the good-bye- s and he started for Basle expecting there to find an emigration agent sending other peo- pie. He had not long to wait; a boat lb?d soon started down the Rhine, then.ee to Antwerp, where ship would be taken to bring them across the broad ocean to the Promised land. He lifted his eyes to the great moun tains and watched them until he was far on the way, tears for a moment in his eyes, but hope in his heart; and with the bouyancy of youth he was.soon interested in the friendly jargon around him, and themany expectations of his bread-earner- s! - - . - . fellow-passenger- s. ' I J u ll f "1 f 