WOMAN'S EXPONENT 40 w; i organized with EmmaSmith as pnident, I joined this So-- , Eliza R Snow secretary. and ciety. It was for theRelief of the poor for every noble purpose that came within woman's sphere of action. We had nich good instructions given in our meeting. Sometime! brother Joseph would come and instruct us. Once in particular f remember He .his opening the meeting- with prayer.was full of . the Spirit of God. His whole frame hook, arid his face shone and looked - - ' almost transparent. This was about the timelbat the celestial order of marriage was revealed to him, and he. had taught it , But I heard to a few who could hear it. him Fay at one time on the stand, in the grove on the brink of the hill, where they held the meetings: "If I should make known to these, turning to those that sat behind him who pretend to be my best friends what God has; revealed to me, they would be the first to seek my life.". Among those that sat there were William Law and William Marks, and surely those men turned to be his most bitter enemies, although they had pretended the greatest friendship. It was not all sunshine here in Nauvoo, the clouds began to gather thick around. Brother Joseph was arraigned many times before the law, but always was cleared of the charges against him. It sjeemed no man was harassed as he was; and for what reason? Because he was a prophet raised up in this wicked and perverse generation to be an instrument in the hands of God to lay the foundation of his kingdom on the earth; and ws read in holy writ that in like manner they persecuted the prophets before. To return again: Now we had an offer to sell our home again; this time we realized, I think it wns $225.00. It wf.s all cash this .v time. We no went up on the hill near the Temple, and bought one quarter of an acre. It was" a beautiful location. In front to the east by the public square; on the south the Street, we IIere, thought would be our home, and we would move no more. My husband did his own carpenter work. He built us a good frame house here, with three rooms and a good cellar. I enjoyed I could living in this house very much. look over to the temple 5and see the workmen at .their work and hear the click of the hammer from, morn to eve and their sailor songa as they were pulling the rocks in place with pullies; and I thought it delightful; One day I looked over to the Temple and I saw a large crowd gathered at the north east corner. I thought I saw some females in, the crowd, so I put on my bonnet and shawl and went. over. Brother Joseph seemed very busily engaged. The crowd around the corner stone was so great thai I could not at first imagine what was being At last Brother Joseph said, done. "Brethren, stand back and let these sisters come and see for themselves." There were three of us. Sisters Whitney, Cahoon and The brethren gave way and we myself. went up to the huge rock, and In the center . was a square box chiseled out, I think some over a foot square, and about the same depth and lined with zinc. In this Brother Joseph hadplrodithr Bible," Book of Mft-moDoctrine and Covenants, Hymn Book, and other Church works, as well as the newspapers the Ttmes and Seasons and the Nauvoo Neighbor, that were printed in Nauvoo,-an- d money that had been coined in that year. TTheie things were all laid in this box, then a lid of stone cemented down ealled-Mullholland-Stre- Temple-and-Mai- et. . - the lowest demons that committed the dark y deed. And this in our boasted land of that our fathers fought and bled to redeem from under the iron yoke and would be permitted to worship God as they chose and as their conscience should dictate; biit where ; wise purpose. now was protection 'from mob violence and This building progressed with great rapidLatter-da- y persecution? How often have the ity, and I wns present when the capstone Saints sought for redress to the rulers of was laid. The SairUs turned out to hear the turn a deaf ear to our but last ring of the trowel on that house and to this land,- ' But they entreatiessurely t heal ay is at hand hear the address delivered on this occasion. when God.will allow the Saints to triumph During the building of that structure the contend with. over their foes and so we will leave them in brethren had a great deal-tof God, for he says, "Revenge is because the people in the state were getting, the hands I will repay." jnore hostile towards us all the time; but mine; I will return to my narrative. Before we fh T.nr1 held thpin at bav until the house was in the employ was finished. The Lord accepted it at their went east, my husband of one Amos Davis, a merchant in Nauvoo, hands. . and Previous to this the Prophet Joseph Smfth and had been for one year and a half, had written his views or. the powers and when he settled up with him, he very genhusband with a Buit of policy of the government, and they were erously presented my with hat and fine boots, and printed in pamphlet form. The elden that bioadcloth, he regretted to were sent out to preach the Gospel were mypelf a dress pattern, said counseled to take this work with them, and part with him. and when he returned if he My husband was wanted employment he could have his place present it' to the world. among the number, and took this work with back. While we were in ew York my husband him. He .was to go to the state of New aleo York, consequently would go and visit his preached the Gospel and baptized two, views on the birthplace before he returned. I had a great advocated Brother Joseph's We desire to jgo with him and stay among our powers and policy of the government. reiatives until he fulfilled his mission. He bore faithful testimonies to our bretbrenand went and asked counsel of Brothers Joseph relatives and in the spring bid our friends and Hyrum. They told him to take me farewell to return again to our home in Nauvoo. We landed at the City of the Saints along and I should prove a blessing-tso he received his instructions, and we the twelfth of August on Sunday mornOur ing, but 0 how lonely it seemedl rented our house and started. Our course was along the Mississippi river Prophet and Patriarch were not among the on the steamer "Osprey" to St. Louis, and Saints in person, but that day his' spirit on the '"'Robert Fulton" down to the mouth rested upon Brigham. Young and as the mantle of Joseph fell on Brigham it seemed of the Ohio river and up that river to Pittsburg, then by rail and canals until we that the voice and every gestnre was like. reached Buffalo, where we took a steamer Joseph and he was sustained as prophet, down the lake Ontario and landed at Sack-ett'- s seer an$ revelator by the voice of the people. After we got back to Nauvoo, my youngHarbor, about the 25th of" June. We were now within twelve miles of est child, .two years and two months old, husband walked eight Father Tracy5 Samuel Mattison weeks. This was two children I had buried miles to his brother-in-lawand he, with his team came after us, brought in Nauvoo. They were laid side by side, us to his house that night, and next day we and were about the same age. They were all went to Father Tracy's and met. with two fine children, but it seemed almost ima cordial greeting amongst our relatives in possible to raise a child in Nauvoo. to be continued. general, having been absent ten years, we had been visiting and enjoying ourselves for one short week, and behold the NOTES AND NEWS. news reached us of the murder of our dear Prophet and Patriarch, who so short The Woman's Journal devotes a large part a time before had instructed my husband of the October IB issue to an account of concerning his mission and had come down Mrs. Emmeline Pankhurst, and the Women's to the boat to see us oil. Could it be true that Social and Political Union, of which she is those noble men had sealed their testimony head. The reports in the American press with their blood my husband was so stricken of the "militant'' movement for woman sufwith the blow he could hardly bear up arid frage in England have been to the last dethe cry was now, ''Your Church will go to gree distorted and misleading; while the nothing now, your leaders are killed, quieter activities of the many ' they did not comprehend the prophecy con- English suffrage societies are not reported cerning the kingdom of God in the last days, at all. Not one in a thousand of our people. and that God was able to raise up another unles he takes a woman suffrage paper, has to stand as a mouthpiece from Him to His any conception of the remarkabje agitation but now it was people, truly a gloomy, sor- now going on in Great Britain. It is really rowful time in auvoo. These men gave among the most wonderful things in history. themselves up to be tried with a pledge of Mrs. Pankhurst deserves the esteem of all tne Mate that they would be protected; but men and women who love justice, wTio the result is too well known. The plan was sacrifice," who appreciate masterly concocted from the official head down to generalship, or who admire courage. t)uiit:on the top of it. This made me thinkf the..., prophets in ancieni fortlf m fudays hiding up records toI come exture generations. But never had any for some planation,- but supposed it was -- Sh(Hhu?r lib-ert- . o ! o , . . srMy -- was-takeirve- rY s, heart-rendin- g non-milita- . nt . elf- n, R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 676971 Main Street, Salt Lake City- OUR SPECIALTY ladies ; OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. ready-to-wea- r garments . '. TRY US 