WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . There were an old couple 'named" Simons living across the street from us that made them welcqme in their up stairs rooms. the necessary preparations were The being made for the journey west. Twelve and others that were in the' greatest danger from outside influence going first. Those staying aiding in helping thern. This was father's busy time, the blasksmithing being in great demand. He worked on a good part of the 42 wagons that carried the first company out; working early and as late as ten o'clock at night. Mother staying up to get father an extra supper and then going on guard in his turn." The Temple, being partly finished in the winter of 184G the work there was being hurried through. My father, mother, brother and sister received the ordinances. My sister was married to John Murdock and journeyed with his people westward. All this time the persecutions never abatr ed.' Men that had work outside of city limits were caught and unmerciful whipt. One night Uncle Bhineas Young and his son B. H. Young came late at night to our house, said they were riding with a brother that was coming in with his team. They saw some of these desperadoes hurrying after them. They run and hid in the grass but were near enough to see the man with the team caught stript tied to his wagon wheel and whipt until his groans ceased when he fainted. They then crawled through the grass until a safe distance to run. This is only one of the cruel things that was happening right along on the out skirts of town. Women and helpless children were carried from a sick bed and laid on the ground while their house and goods were burned. Wheat, haystacks and barns were burned and the cattle driven off. Many families that had depended on their land for a living had to come into the city for protection. I have watched the smoke arise and knew more homes were being burned. Companies and single families were crossing the river all summer camping on the other side or purguing their journey west. Some getting work to feed their families, a few were staying hoping to sell for a little. There were some strangers coming into secure cheap I think my father sold his five homes. roomed house for a yoke of oxen but do not know as his records and the account of the work he did in helping the brethren off (for they were in no condition to pay at that time) tht papers were lost at winter quarters, but all those debts were later forgiven. Later on about the first of August, 1846, father was ready to start on his journey. By this time the mobbing and driving every Mormon out of the city was the plan of bur eneNow mies. Father felt it his dutv to stav. saviner he could not desert his brethren in their great need. And when hundreds of the mob;came with their guns and cannons and camped near the city, our people gathered there men and boys and camped out making ready to resist the enemy that so greatly out numbered them, that it looked likex almost., a hopeless task, when camped out about a week, there were some musket shots firecT and cannon shot off at our, people. SaiuSdayTthey mo ved up to close range, then there was a hard fought battle so near that we could see clouds of. smoke arise and hear the roar of cannon while listening I counted 72 cannon shots fired, net realizing that one of these shots had deprived us of a kind father's care but the nws was already on the way and my I of anguish was so distressing that thft 'messenger, a strong man, wept. We never knew how many of the enemy were taken off. Our people lost three, Brother Anderson and son. My father David Norris was instantly killed by a cannon ball. The late Henry Grow stood by his side and when the order came to them to march Jo the fronf of a field where the enemy had started to come in back of our people and "ttVGuifcTE-sr- surround them cutting off a chance of. retreat. Henry Grow was walking in father's footIn telling me this he said one step steps. more and it would hae been him. Providence Later in the calls one and leaves another. day a flag of truce was carried over and a treaty made that all that did not renounce their religion should cross the river in three days. Should stack their guns and ammuniAnd they came Montion in the Temple. day and took possession of the city and searched the houses to see there were no weapons hidden. Father's body was brought home at dusk. My brother was released from duty, we had not seen him for a week, he lay down in mother's room up stairs. Mother had been in poor health most of the summer and was now prostrated with grief. My little brother Benjamin, five years old, had cried himself to sleep. This left me alone down stairs with the dead. A tallow candle for light, the blood dripping,dripping from the body all night and lay on the bare floor in a puddle. My brother before he lay down to rest said he expected two men te.come for the night, but they were called away on duty. The city was guartled to keep from being surWe knew by sad experience the prised. enemy could not be trusted. My brother said if I heard the horn blow or bells ringing to call him thatjwould be the signal that the mob were coming. Once the horn blew but it was a false 'alarm, I did not call him, I thought 'he, had Jlone his part. He was in his 17th year and I was 12 years old and a very timid child, and the night was lonely. I . onlv' coing to the foot of the stairs to speak to mother a time or two, a man came in the morning with team and a hasty made coffin, in which he was laid, wrapt in a sheet. There was no time to make a robe nor any one to make it. My mother still bed fast was left with her little boy. While the funeral procession, consisting of Brother Nathaniel, myself and a Brother Coulay followed the wason to the erave iust west of the Temple, a short prayer was said and his , body was laid to rest. (To be eontinued.J - . w GENERAL CONFERENCE RELIEF SOCIETY. . FOUR MEETINGS TO BE, HE LD IN THIS CITY FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, APRIL 2 AND 3, 1909. Annie Taylor Hyde Memorial Services feature of Friday afternoon, in Assembly Hall. A tw day's conference of the Relief Soci- ty will be held in this city on Friday and turday,.. April 2 and 3, preceding the enera! Conference of the Church. In all. four meetings will be held, the first, second and fourth in the lAssemblyJIall, and i the third in the Fourteenth Ward Hall. lowing is the program of the various sions:.; ... nu iuuiuus.l. i uyxnir iiyueo viauu tu.' iorwegiau nt vr y V. .1..:.; Folses- ' v 2, 10 A. M. Opening hymn, "The Morning Breaks " - ASSEMBLY HALL, 'FRIDAY, APRjL S.:rv5"PT"' P. P. Pratt. Opening prayer, Mary A. C. Lambert. ' ' k BathshebaW. Smith. Address of Welcome Secretary Greeting-HPreside- - B. Wells. . Matilda Counselor Smith, Response Idaho. Pocatello, Address, ''Our Relations with the National Council of Women Treasurer Clarissa Smith Williams. Violin Solo Willard Weihe, John J. McClellan. accompanist. Soprano solo, '! Ave Marie," Mascagni Nellie Druce Pugsley, accompanied by Willard Weihe. . A sketch of the life' of JaneS. Richards hmily b. Kichards. Hymn, "0 my Father;" Eliza R. Snow-Congreg- ation. Elizabeth S. Wilcox. Prayer "AFTERNOON SESSION. Annie Taylor Hyde Memorial Services, Organ solo Edna Coray. Hymn, "A poor wayfaring man of grief-Congreg- ation.' Invocation Emma S. Woodruff. Duet, "Come Holy Spirit," Wiegaud Stella arid Minnie Poulton. Tribute to Annie Taylor Hyde Julia P. M. Farns worth. Address Sarah Jane Cannon." Contralto solo, "Rock of Ages," Hous-leAlice Webley. In Memoriam Carrie S. Thomas. Soprano solo, "Who Are These Arrayed in White Lizzie Thomas Edward. . y Hymn, "How firm a foundation" gregation. Benediction Con- Susan Grant. SATULDAY, 10 O'CLOCK, APRIL 3. Officers' meeting Fourteenth ward hall. Hymn, "Tho' Deep'ning trials throng vourway." Prayer Sarah F. M. Taylor, Ogden Stake. Solo, "At Eventime," Marks Mary Katz. Reports. Questions. Outlines for mothers' work; instructions by Ida S. Dusenberry. Finance membership instructions by Treasurer C. S. Williams. Nurse class; instructions Phebe Y. Beatie. Hymn, "Lord dismiss us." Prayer Minnie Home James. AFTERNOON, ASSEMBLY HALL. Hymn, "Love at Home" Congregation. Prayer Harriet B. Harker. Hymn, "Our mountain home so dear," words by E. B. Wells, music by Prof. Evan StephensCongregation. Address, Compensation, Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry. Subject, Compensation Dr. Margaret C. Roberts. Organ Solo, (a) First Movement of Organ Third Guilmant; (b) "Solitude,'' Godard Tracy Young Cannon. - Discussion Compensation Annie Wells Cannon and Counselor Mae T. Nvstrom. of of the Y. L. M. I. A. :,',nr!il. nuJn . tt.j irj. Lizzie Thomas Edward. Address, ."Music in the Home Evan -- Stephens; Hymn, "Come, let us anew," Congregation.. Benediction, Alice Merrill Home. ," Musical director, Lizzie Thomas Edward. Organist j Edna Coray. Please" bring Hymn Books? ; V -- 