WOMAN'S EXPONENT. i'r ifTilonieitic employment in ' " - , . v "!' FedtKSS hf-r- TfiK't i p ffl ill iinimou f , . t- in sub-ecjuent- - ly . In do?ing we must record the death while in active service for the Society, on a mission of importance some distance away, of one of our Board of Directors, Mrs. Elizabeth J. Stevenson. It may truthfully be said of her, she was diligent in season and out of reason, untiring in activity; wise in counsel, and full of devotion to God, her religion and ht r ;oloj)t'd country, (for she was born in the ls!e of Jersey, but came to America and I'tah when a young girl in her teens). She was an earnest and zealous advocate of qual suffrage, and stood Jimi "for the best and highest education for all. Though we mourn the loss of friends and comrades, we are fully assured that Mrs. Stevenson has gone to her rest and her reward is sure. Our Delegate, who is also Proxy for the President, will be able to make any explanation that may be required' concerning our Society, of which we are so justly proud, and we bid the Council God speed in their good ' work, the best interests of all concerned. With 'greetings, from'' the President and of the National Woman's Relief Society, Respectfully sufirriitted" i of-lice- Emmeline B. ' rs Wells, General Secretary. m a eur- - connection Berk, prise on our retiring president, bister Treasurer-Marand Secretary Elizabeth Funk v Jenkins. At eleven o'clock the ward meeting house was filled with brethren and sisters.. During meeting a program was rendered, after which Sister Beck was presented with a Sister lovely, upholstered leather rocker. Funk a gold watch and chain, and Sister Jenkins with a dainty silver tea .set. To say that the sisters were surprised is putting it mildly. The presentation speech was made by Sister Dowdle, which we will include here to show the esteem in which our sisters are . , held. Sister Beck, we the members of the Newton Relief Society have met today to show our appreciation to you as a retiring officer. You have battled the waves for twenty year or more, and through your diligent work, your faith and courage, we have learned to love, honor and respect you; as the years have passed the ties of friendship have grown stronger. Your life has been to us worthy of emulation, your name will ever be revered among the sisters of the Newton ward, for the wise counsel, the tender ministrations to the sick, the words of comfort and consolation among the needy. In years to come wherever your lot may be cast, we all defire and crave a link in your already long chain of friendship, and ask heaven's choicest blessings upon you, that your friends may increase and that you may want for nothing, Sister Beck in behalf of the Newton Relief Society. I present to youlhis chair. Take it and use it, and be as happy as your days will allow, and as the days come and go and you sit rocking in the twilight thinking of the days that ire, and the days that were, let them be seasoned with thoughts of the givers. Z Be assured that we will be ready at any moment, either as a body or as individ-aal- s to come at your call. Sister Funk and Sister Jenkins, we are not prepared to have you sit in rockers at the present time, although you have worked together with Sister Beck the same number of years, we feel thafyour help in the Relief society is too valuable to dispense with. But we desire to present to you a small memento for youi faithfulness in the past, and ask that you do not measure our love for you and your service by the cost of the presents, but accept them as a part of our appreciation for your service, and ask that you think of us as your friends and in this association. After the program had been rendered a dainty lunch was servedafter which games and visiting was enjoyed till evening. The days' enjoyment was finished in the evening by a dance for all married people. M. S.. Dowdle. co-worke- rs " REORGANIZATION v . AND PARTY. was reorganized. Sister Martha Beck, who had been President, for oyer twenty years, resigned, feeling lhatjier age, cares and duties were too mucHTogether with the Re- . lief Society. v Sister Bessie Ballard Was chosen as Presi-denwith Sister Hannah Hansen 1st and Mary Dowdle 2nd Counselors, with Eliza-bet- h Funk retained as Secretary, and Mary Jenkins retained as , Treasurer. - t, - y 1 'v t nearly forty years ago now, it is something marvelous how it has spread and what its fruits have been. Would it could reach all the sons and daughters of Zion. The General President and officers of the Primary Associations held annual Conference about the same time of year, and this year seems to have bten the banner conference of this wonderful organization.- The systematic way in which the Primary plans and carries on the work among the children is truly delightful. In addition to the meetings, the Presidency had a reunion in Whitney Hall, and the workers from long distances were entertained with fine music and games of various kinds in which they themselves took part, and they were honored by the presence of President Joseph F. Smith and President John R. Winder and some of the Apostles, who seemed to enjoy the diversion of Kindergarten games and guesses as much as those who engaged in them. The president,Sister Louie Felt,who was chosen in June,18S0,has certainly displayed remarkable talent, in carrying on so great a work successfully, She has able assistants, certainly but her impressive presence and her dignity of demeanor is an inspirafion to her able corps of workers all throughout the land of Zion. The name of Louie B. Felt and of Aurelia S. Rogers ( who first originated thv ideaofthis now mammoth organization) will be engraven in the annals of Church history and cherished forever throughout Latter-da- y Israel. Editor. - -- TWO SECRETARYSHIPS TO BE FILLED. Miss Kate N. Gordon asks us to announce that she will not be a candidate , .f oil as corresponding secretary of the National American Suffrage Association at the coming National Convention in Seattle. Her local work in New Orleans is constantly re-electi- making greater demands upon her, and she that she can no longergive the needed amount of time and strength to the national This will be correspoding secretaryship. much regretted; but Miss Gordon gives us to understaijd that her decision is final. Miss Alice Stone Blackwell also gives notice that she will not stand for as recording secretary. Ex. fee Is re-electi- On the 6th of February, .1909, the Relief Society of Newton Ward, in Benson Stake . it IB nnitfi ilTlnOHiKli ... to mention all. in reunion ai uramte one of the largest sowas Tabernacle Stake cial gatherings' and was very delightful. One could meet there, old friends from' far away, and the atmosphere and spirit of the gathering-muscertainly exert an influence with those workers in this grand undertaking that will permeate the hearts of all who had the opportunity of attending, and will we hope and trust reach the homes of the members who are a long distance away that they,, too, may partake in a measure of the genuine spirit of social uplifting.that will be vastly helpful in the Herculean work that is being done pmong.the youth of Zion. . To those who witnessed the beginning of this seed planted by President Brigham Young yi-vy- our cocieiv. and granaries for cere of wlieat, etc., have hvrn built through efforts af the women of these organization- - in their respective localities and libraries in the halls, and in Bome instances help rendered to thn?e who have tullered from lot? by firew a? well as other misfortunes... In one instance in this city a widow withnfveral children dependent upon had her home and household goods burned. The Relief Society in tha locality raided the money to pay for one half of the new building, and to make good the furniture, etc. . N. TV. K. S. and the the S..me year ago V. , N. M. I. A. began collecting money fur an appropriate and commodious Woman's Building; it if? now in course of erection or. Main Street, exactl) opposite the Salt Lake Temple, and it i expected the edifice will completed, ready fur dedication :md for use very soon. Another pleasing feature we , are glad to mention in that one of our young men here in I'tah, who has studied abroad, has been employed to paint for the Society a large ami magnificent portrait of our (Jeneral Pre- Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith, and of the General Secretary, Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells, and of Mrs. Jane S. Richards, first Vice President of our Society for thirteen year with. Mr?. Zina I). II. Young, PresiMrs. Richard? is well known to the dent. Council through attending the Triennials of the Council and Executive Fcpgiono, and also the Congress of Representative Women held in connection with the Columbian Exposition if !.A.Tr"s-- , nonnla that v.v , JWW6 TUNE CONFERENCES AND REUNIONS. l The Annual June Conference of the Y. Harvard has always thought it beneath its L. & Y. M. Associations is always an occadignity to confer a degree on any woman, sion of special interest and 11q fnr rw no matter how distinguished Brown has only the conferences held separately and already honored four women inthisway. "uucuij,. uui many visitors irom trie Stakes Sarah Elizabeth Doyle was given the degree of Zion both those near to Salt Lake City of A. M. in 1894; Julia Josephine Irvine, and quite remote in other states and tern-tonpresident of Wellesley College, was made a and some from cities in the East and Litt. D. in 1895; Adelia Thompson Hillman Wjest as well. It is a beautiful time of was year given an A. M. in 1898, and Caroline for enjoyment, and this June there were so H&zard president of Wellesley, was made a many 'things planned for the enjoyment of Litt. D. in 1899. Ex. es -- - 