c WOMAN'S EXPONENT; 7T OR1AU NOTES.' Thursday afternoon, February 2G, the Author's Club gare a reunion and banauet in the spacious hall of the Lion House. This cluD 18 one 01 the most popular in Utah and the members are almost all University graduates. On this occasion although visitors are not usually admitted there were two guests Aunt Emm. Wells and Mrs. Preston J.Cannon, th6 members were nearly all present, the hall was artistically decorated. the club colors red and saze ereen heinrr carried out, making the room very pictur- There were twenty at table each esque. lady having a, place card and the President Mrs. Harriet B. Harker the hostess in a very gracious manner gave the fullest liberty to each one present. Mrs. Augusta W. Grant .. was and wit and humor prevailed freely. There were. a few piano selections rendered and one or two songs, but social chat predominated. Monday, March first, some of the members of the General Board of the Relief Society came as a sorfof surprise to the headquarters to spend an hour or two as a reminder of Aunt Emm. '8 birthday and the plain simple refreshments and dainty flowers were very much appreciated and pleasing; but" the faces of dear friends on these annual occasions are always like golden milestones along the way of the years. A miniature bank filled with silver was presented with a "very graceful speech by Sister Carrie S. Thomas in behalf of the Board. There are no fitting words in which to properly acknowledge these honors therefore one is at the mercy of one's friends when favors are bestowed in such unobtrusive ways. toast-mistre- ss The U. W. P. C. and Reapers' Social gave a party in honor of Aunt Era., March 12, at the elegant new home of the President, Mrs. J. Q- Critchlow: about forty ladies were assembled and there were original poems read and selections from Musings and Memories (Mrs. Wells hook of verses) and the ladv wa8 presented with a handsome opera cloak; Mrs. Maria Francis speaking eloquently for the donors. The affair was a verv happy one and the literary numbers were very ap- nroDriate also the kind words and affectionate - sentiments. What can one say to one's friends for the manv blessinzs.benefits and favors bestowed, only "This is the message that ye heard from the beginning, that we should love one : 2 The hymns sung in the opening exercises, were 'Praise to the Man Who Communed with Jehovah" and "We Thant Thee Oh! God for a Prophet. bister I ratt read a communication from General President of the Relief Society, Sisters Balhsheba W. Smith and General Secretary Emmeline IL Wells. Sketches from the liveg of the various Relief Society Presidents, Secretaries and other ollicers, had been prepared with great care. and were listened to with rtrnfmiml pninv. "lent as they were read before the Society, One especially interesting a historical sfeetch o Sister Peter Whitmer at whose house the plates were beinjj translated, which necessit t.wi i lait-ujc lUKiug care oi anaiiiine cooking lor Joseph Smith the Prophet, his wife Emma and Oliver Cowdery, making her work very laborious, and adding additional burdens to her already heavy load, which had begun to discourge her somewhat. In order"that she might be comforted and strengthened for the additional burdens, the Angel Moroni met: her and exhibited to .her the plates containing the Xephite record, and turned the leaves over, one by one, before her eyes and bore witness that the translation of these records was the work of God, such consolation and strength were given to her by this glorious manifestation that she went about her work cheerfully during the time that the visitors remained at her house. In this manner and with some very happy and consoling remarks from President Pratt the afternoon and early evening were spent. As a continuation of this celebration the Saints of the whole ward met together about seven thirty in the evening. After partaking of refreshments prepared by various sisters of the society the ehoir again rendered the hymn "Praise to the Man who Communed with Jehovah" and after the opening prayer, three members of the choir and their leader Elder John E. Evans rendered in the most pleasing manner the quartett Come where the Lilies Bloom:" then an address of wel- come by the President of the Relief Society, after which songs, recitations and readings followed ea.h other m quick succession, most of these pieces were sacred, one of them being entitled "The Assassination of Joseph and Hyrum Smith" by Eliza R. Snow; read by President Pratt. To make a final climax to the enjoyment of the evening a. comedy in one act entitled "Obstinacy" was most creditably performed bv six vounz peorle of the ward, trained under thfi iunervision of Elder John L.. Evans. 0nr r.rmrnh was well filled and this cele- bration was generally voted a grand success by those who were present. Sadie M. Pratt, President, Ida DaY Secretary. - u ' - 1 CELEBRATION PORTLAND RELIEF SOCIETY- Sixty-sevent- h anniversarj of the organization of the Relief Society, celebrated in Portland, Oregon. . At five o'clock in the afternoon of the 17th inst. the Relief Society met in the Latter-daSaints' Church nd held a most.inter- y 1 7th OF MARCH ANNIVERSARY. Relief Sr- nuiiUarl AfT The seventeenth of March wag a bright Siafpr Sarah M. Pratt. o'rr Dixieknd. After the preliminary exercises Sister Pratt and sunny d Jn Eas t and Wes tt.Geor remarks explaining why lief Society of made , some opening acHemhlftd. at 3 o'clock m the Lyceum , , ii Di:f we ceieorate tnaii aay uijouguuui vr- rw ujc ivwia .!c i " has was because the first organization of this the work was begunrwhich of xrwMofv we about by Joseph Smith, so important apart m the hyes the Prophet sixty-seve- n years ago today and of Zion. Pres Th meetmg .was presided orer was theory tot woman's society ever or- nt Esther Wh.tehead of the West St. States United the in for work, public ganked ., v or the world. She bade the sisters welcome George ward. After the opening erci?es Sister Ann C. and rejoiced at their presence. She also bade with Woodbury gave a short talk .on the early President Pratt welcome as hehad met ' after which Stake , ganizationyf th oc asion: VlTT Vroni wrc : sincd- xJm the-wome- n .y -- 1 . Counselor Aggie Windsor sang, "Daughters of Zion," composed by Sister Annie Wells Cannon. Two pieces were read giving interesting' items on theTirst organization and short talks were given by Sisters Emma Morris and Stake Counselor Elida Snow, interspersed with some very sweet songs. A good spirit prevailed and the sisters felt encouraged to press forward with renewed energy in the good cause, for it certainly is a glorious work in which we are engaged. The only thing to be regreted was the absence of the Stake President Cornelia Brooks, who was unable to attend on account of sickness. Lkonoka Wokthen, Sec. , toc.ety. -- RESOLUTIONS OF RFSPECT. At the annual nu of the kelief Society of the Parker ward, Idaho, March 17th, lUX) Un fol- loving resolutions were unanimously parsed: Whereas, the eternal Father has seen tit in His infinite wisdom, to call to himself our beloved Sister Juliet Kice: He it resolved j that the members of this Society, sincerely mourn the los.s of their cheerful and faithful associate in the cause of human aid and fellowship. Alsu be it resolved, that a copy of these retentions be sent to the bereaved family. A copy furnished the Woman's Kxponent, for publication, and they be entered upon the secretary's record of the Parker Kelief Society. As cheering as the sun's bright ray, She shed her light upon our way, Her genial presence cheered oar gloom As dewy roses waft perfume Dear friend, fond mother, faithful wife, Fit subject for eternal life! co-labor- Com. OBITUARY. Sister Kllieon (iourley departed this life, February 13, V.KYJ, after an illness of two weeks. Aged 7(i years. She was born at (Jarco, Lanarkshire, Scotland. At the age of PJ years 6he married Elder Paul Gourley a widower with 5 children. She emigrated to Utah in 1S", coming with (he ' last hand cart company arriving in Salt Lake City, about the 1st of December. The reason she came with the last company, her husband being a cartwright stopped back on the Iowa camp ground making carts for the rest of the people. She sufShe was in Captain Larkins company. fered much on the plains being ill almost alllthe She had two children of her own, one of way. which died on the plains; and the other after she arrived.in Salt Lake City. She lived in the 11th ward of Salt Lake City until she moved to Gohen in 1858 with her husband and family. She was one of the most prominent women of the Goshen ward, being a teacher in the Sunday School from itsjrst organization and a member of the choir, ana was, counselor in the Kelief Society for many years. i She has been a widow for 10 years, has lived alone during that time, the children of her husband all being married. She visited the sick of all classes and did much good in caring for the same and helping the needy, and dressing the dead. She was a very sweet singer and loved to sing the Songs of Zion until her death. While she was lying on her deathbed she sang some of the hymns and she seemed to enjoy doing so. She was beloved by many, many people for ber cheerful disposition, generous heart, her kind . acts, and good deeds. ' RESOLUTIONS rZ r, Whereas Our Heavenly Father has seen fit to call from our midst our beloved sister Therefore be it resolved by the members of Goshen Kelief Society that we will cherish her memory ana emulate uer kuuu uccu., uu dia- her eweet emiling face and cheerful P Resolved that we spread upon the.record of the Relief Rocietv these resolutions and send a copy to the Woman's Exponent for publication. kmd siskr Rest in peace We will miss her from our ward. She proved faithful to the gospel, And has gone to her reward. ouear .. Annie-Ji-wciiueiu,. Lucv P. Taylor, ....... Committee. .,. 