WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 38 - " , . . . . ;.n..i' Jr. ,i- 1 ... J Relief Society Board said our field of Jabo;rX enthusiastically In memory of our beloved sister, Annie' R. Is broad, there Is n6mwg good or praisetfbve' Althou 2(5, public. to the Relief Society, Strineham, who departed -this life,' October ' but belongs worthy fine of literary fastens the all other arts, she ban at VXiO, JUycars..age do. nothing good or great that we maynot .We, the' members of the .Relief Society are is ehown by the selections which she has get child of preven-the the training Rppnrdiric bereft of our Beloved and ever faithful .. . " to music. .Quoting Mrs. Fitz, the Fays: - - r 11 cnnOur" intimate association with her in the performt nan cure waica joui "After a)!, : song is but a happy thought to turn is hetter : home properly ance of her duties in the ward, has 60 endeared from Every dren of infancy. writir the is also MrH. Fitz music set." her to us that we feel it befitting to express our is a 'power for good in the comthe in. organized different on lectures subjects four appreciation of her labors in the Relief Society. to learned have when.we rightly and to our munity Sunday School, and Primary Association. She world of, music. Mrs Fitz comes to we are qualified help has been a 6tay and strength to the people with state in the interest of her organization the. govern our own whom Ehe mingled. A guardian angel among the ir also a , others. She Revolution. of the Daughters sick and atllicted, a prudent, conscientious and Elder George E. Ferrin of the High Counmember of the Professional Woman's Club careful counselor to those who were in distress and - the excellent things had cil 1 of enjoyedf greatly Kosmcs Club, needed counsel. the of Boston, and we what not we best hold realized that of ihe ideals rfhe was an exemplar Ex. he had heard but Wakefield, Massachusetts. A wife. loving, hear but what we put into practice tends to in our lives. A genuine, devoted life work Her and .mother., earnest thoughtful our growth and development. kind. her or and betterment been the has uplifting RI;Uf:F SOCIETY REPORT. Sister Ida Smoot Dusenberry of the Relief Few can be found who have so faithfully fulfilled ' for the on CHiDKN STAKE. respect the duties and responsibilities that have rested on Society Presidency spoke aged. Paid a glowing tribute to the life and her. Be it The quarterly conference of the Relief SoResolved, .that we extend our heartfelt symlabors of Sister Jane S. Richards, that great ciety of t lie Ogden Make convened in the pathy to her husband and children, and ask the Relief Society Hall at Ogden on the 19th woman who has done so much for the Relief Lord to bless and comfort them, and cause them Society cause not alone in Weber county to know he is" their friend. day of July, VMK Resolved, that we send a copy to the Woman's The morning session coramenced at 1.0 but throughout Zion. Exponent and give a copy to the family. The congregation sang and the benedico'clock. Elizaheth Gledhill, tion was pronounced and morning session Tnere were present on the stand Counselors 1selle ulediiill, lilly Poff, Emma Isabel Foulger "and L. Letitia Richards of adjourned. A luncheon was prepared and served by Pommittee on Resolutions! the Stake Presidency of the Relief Society the sisters of the 7th ward and a social time and all members of the. Board with the exOUR FOUNDER GENERAL. meetinterval between the M. had was who Sarah of President during Taylor ception Expressions of love and esteem to the memory Of the brethren was unable to be present. ings. Annie Taylor Hvde, who departed this life of The afternoon session convened at two there were President Thomas R. Evans of March, 1009. the Stake Presidency and Elder George E. o'clock. Whereas, Our Heavenly Father has called from Counselor Foulger presiding. and Ferrin of the High Council. our midst our beloved Founder-Generwho Annie first offered through Taylor Hyde, president, Counselor Isabel Foulger presiding. After by Sister Mary A. Jost Prayer was this founded and Society-o- f religion loyalty, excuses, roll call and prelude, prayer was of the Stake Board. Daughters of Utah , Pioneers, obeying willingly Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry of the the offered by Sister Reast, and the usual exercommandment to honor thy father and thy General Relief Society spoke at some length mother, and cises of singing, minutes, ttc. Whereas, We shall miss not only her dear, Counselor Foulg r welcomed all present on Mother and Child, pleading with the sweet face, her gentle voice and pleasant smile, mothers to start the training of the child and trusted that we might have an enjoyher but many beautiful ideaSj her high standard Referred to the early and not to wait until ''too late." Realable time while together. of honor and duty and exeecutive ability, and her RiVnifieance of the dav to the Relief Societw ized the great need of the home mother, and great influence in making parental honora perit being thirty-twyears ago today since yet there are times when we need to get out petual suggestion in our society, therefore be it Resolved, That, while we say Thy will be done, and learn the needs of the community and President Rrigham Young met with the Rewe deeply regret that she has been taken from us, lief Society in Ogden, organizing them into of the worldi other souls are struggling with for her life was a benediction to us; that we feel . 4i. m irm iv n u i w firtr .m i '4, i. mn v.: i i.i J problems as well as ourselves and perhaps full V III k'k I! V1IIUUU Vl U for kllllliU AWlif her family. May the home sympathy Sister Jane S. Richards appointed president, we have something that others have not and which she blessed never lose her influence, and Hchildren hold. assacredher precepts thereforeourF-atnerrequireaa . o i n a u gu r at ing th e qu a r t e rly con fere nces, us to jnayher she as did those of her parents, and Rewhich have been so prolific'of good. and to bless and strengthen each other Resolved, As Daughters of Utah Pioneers, that and has given us the Relief Society as a megretted that Sister Richards was too fteble we will honor father, honor mother, also the to be with us on this occasion. Stated that dium and it stands as a monument of virtue memory of Annie' T. Hyde while life lasts, and make this society a living monument to their our visitors from the city would arrive later. and purity. Prayed the Lord to bless the names. mothers in Israel that they might better Reports from nine of the ten associations Resolved, That these resolujions be sent to the were given, all denoting activity and growth; understand their children and that as a sofamUy of deceased as a mark of respect, and a the Mother's work especially was growing band we a and do little ciety might together copy be recorded in our minute book. in favor and was the means of bringing preventive work in the community. Annie's hands have labored, Sister Harker of the General Relief Society many young mothers into the society. The Sharing love and life. poor and the aged were being tenderly cared Board commended the work of the teachers. Daughters we must follow, back-bone In this noble strife. for and the careless and indifferent were beSaid they are the of the society; their responsibilities are great but they can ing visited. Onward, pioneer daughters, The secretary's report showed that weekly get the spirit of their work, the spirit of disRaise our.standard high, cernment, by emering into their closets and meetings were held uniformly throughout iiunui yaicuia mem ne the stake, and that one hundred and eighty the Lord. Let this be our cry. of ailing upon Spoke the Relief visits had been made to the associations, Society. Nurse Class and urged the neceSdsa Young Gates, by 'the members of the Board during the ssity of sending our girls that they might Vickie Clayton McCune, eleven month's existence stake. receiveily by - themusical co-work- er. - . -- " " . . al o w i W i." C 14 h. - V- V i 1 1 V IV i iV A i I 1 co-ope--ra- te - - oftheOgden Officers meetings were held monthly with an average of 60 per cent attendance. As a beginning, we are not discouraged; although ive see much to be accomplished yet we are learning "To labor and to wait," President Evans had greatly enjoyed the spirit of the conference, commended the sisters for their punctuality for he realized thst the mothers in Israel had much to do. SDoke of the denlorable conditions existincr among our young people - and wondered whether the Relieroejyjtviieacjimg.thfe. -- mothers.-for until we reach the mothnr wp can never reach the daughters. Prayed the Iibrd to bless its, that we might be able to : minister to the spiritually sick and afflicted for our mission is to save souls. Sister Harriet B. Harker of the General -- : qualify themselves for intelligent nursing, president Evans asked the Lord to help us to apply all that had been said this day, that we might be worthy examples before our children and before the world. Counselor Foulger desired to be a power for good in the midsVof Zion. Trusted that all would be stirred up to greater diligence through the teachings given this day. Felt that.,wtf had been richly blessed in having our sisters from the General Board with us and that their " teachings would be a stimulus to greater exertion and nobler efforts. The congregation sang. "God bejvith you till we meet again." The benediction was pronounced by President Evans, and the conference was ad' journed for three months. ;i v Nellie Becraft, Secretary.. - ; . Annie Lynch . ADVANCE Committee. NOTICE. INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF JVQMEN; two volumesedited by Mrs. May Wright Sewall. printed and published by THE PLIMPTON PRESS, Norwood, Mass:; octavo size, 300 pages each, illustrated: $1150 per seUZlZ. v The Plimpton Press is bringing out a work which its editor, Mrs; May Wright Sewall; has made, of historical and sociological value. v The work includes two octavo volumes of 300 pages each,, illustrated by numerous half tones of both persons and' places. These volumes are the record of the work' . '.- : ' . 