WOMAN'S-EXI?QXv- :- :C3 .JT W" R." S. REPORTS.' v.-- ' IiecitatlohTosephine Shep1r3: . ' UINTAH STAKE. Sister Eleanor . Minutes of the 37th Relief Society several high- Councilor?, Patriarch Nelson Merkley, several bishops of wards,, besides a goodly number of Relief Society presidents of wards. President Nancy A. Colton presiding. Singing, prayer and singing. Sacrament was then administered, after which President Nancy A. Colton welcomed the brethren and sisters; she reported the Stake in good condition, all the wards in the valley had been visited except Jensen. We anticipate visiting tliose on the reservation in the near future; she spoke of the Sabbath day, charity, cheerfulness and cleanliness. A lecture by Mrs.. Jean Merkley was given entitled "Loyalty." "To our country, to our Church and people, to the priesthood, to our homes and relatives and'to ourselves," etc. The subject was ably handled. Song by Bathera Young and Mina Pack, assisted by Miss Af ton Pack. Mrs. Annie K. Bartlett addressed the congregation on the subjects of loyalty, charity, the evils that surround us, the duties of Relief Society workers, and of the missionaries that go to the nations of the earth. She bore a strong testimony of the truthfulness of the Gospel. Song by Mrs. Ethelwynne Collett, assisted by Brother Orson Calder. Brother Dan B. Colton, in behalf of the Stake Presidency, felt to say amen to the work which was being done irt the Relief Society oi the Stake and he appreciated the He work of the Relief Society workers. encouraged the brethren and sisters to gather and fight .against. theevils:tlMft in our midst. a few President Nancy A. Colton-madrinsingQ remarks, thanked all for their - e J : Conference adjourned for three months. Benediction . by Elder Fred G. Singing. Bingham. Pnebe A. Sec y. Merkley, NEBO STAKE. ' cm id culture. After singing, and prayer by Sister Miry ... T) m t i uiuwn, conierence adjourned until 1 p. m. At 2 p. m." the conference reconvened, IPresident Eliza Dixon nresidinrr. Mnrv " Brown in charge. Singing and prayer and usual exercises. A paper was read on parents' class work by Sister Beck. Sister Hawkins spoke a few words, having just returned from a three months' visit to California. Recitation, Sister Nora S. Hone. SUter Kapple gave a talk onjesson work for the Relief Society, spiritual growth. Solo by Brother Charles Hawkins, entitled - vh . - Section- by.. Sister 0 mo'rtti-t CumD i. lux i Ami uuJ. vu man. aister Anorua spuc manable a the Bubjeet of charity, in very . ner. satisfied with their labors, and desired her love to them. Invoked our Father's blessings would rest upon us, and that by common consent we would hold a testimony meeting this morning, and all who desired could take part. Song, "Count your blessings," by the' congregation. Counselor Harriet Jacobs bore her testimony, and urged the sisters to not spend all We must their time in temporal affairs. feed our spirits and seek to overcome our weaknesses. Set a good example to our children and make a determination that we . - will ervethe Lord. EOIO. Six wards were represented, :- -- Omental n. Sister ifindley thought the sisters had done well this year and the president was well The Teton Stake Relief Society Confer ence convened at Driggs, April 2otb, 1909. President Sophia E. Rigby presiding. The morning session commenced by singing. Prayer by President J. D. Killpack, .Jr. Singing. The sacrament was administered, and during the passing of the sacrament Jas"Sfi9 Plad an instrumental sacred '"-- n room for tne Doys. Quartet .T Mnr0(Umm Pratt ward t. Counselor Hindley greeted the Sisters. Thought it the largest gathering since the stake was organized. Extended the greetings of the season in behalf of President Standring, who had been called away to attend two funerals of very dear friends. The first time our president has been absent from TETON STAKE. ' . Lecture, "Science of baby raising," by A. The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of the Alpine stake was held in the 2nd ward chapel American Fork, Friday, January 29th, 1009. Stake Counselor Annie C. Hindley presiding' Meeting opened at 10 a. ra. with the usual exercises. Eliza A. Hawkins, Cor. Sec. - . ALPINE STAKE. Alis-baug- h . &t . President I); C. Driggs spoke on patience, perseverance and cheerfulness. " Maude Pratt Griggs then sang a solo. Singing, "When dark and dreaj." Benediction by A. .T. P. Durrant. Lydia E. Fullmek tZU Stake Secretary. "Tho Way .of the Cross." Sister gave a talk on our children attending Hie various organizations, referred especially to the Religion classes. Brother Swenson spoke of the work and responsibility of the sisters and the mission of Joseph Smith. Said to teach our. children the great sin of blasphemy. Bishop Johnson said it wa'Sxgood to carry sunshine in our lives. Sister Dixon made a few closing remarks and thanked all who had taken part in making our conference a success. After singing, and benediction by Sister Clara Evans, conference adjourned for three months. . . T. -- six of the Stake Board, the Stake Presidency, five High Counselors present. There was a good representation of members and visitors. Brother David A. Smith of Victor sang a solo. , E. Sonhia President Rigby welcomed those present and prayed for the Spirit of the Lord to attend our conference. . "cSister Sadie Green of Dnggs read a paper on Relief Society work. President Martha Little reported Haden Society Dnftt from Darbv. Geo. S. Young of the Stake Presidency Saints are tested as spoke of how Latter-dato their faith in our Creator. Cheerfulness was also spoken upon, and how it helped others as well as ourselves. Hymn, "All hail the glorious day,' by the ... ' . congregation. , victor M. Scott Olive reported Secretary Society. T. R. Wilson of. the High Council spoke of trfe genuine work of the Relief Society. Darby was reported by President Louisa Davidson. fiinfrin?: "For the strength of the hills we bless Thee.!' Benediction by Sister M. H. '. Price. - Solo from Haden. - y -- lief Society. " Minutes of the Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of the Nebo Stake of Zion held at the Benjamin Ward meeting house, on Fridav. , March 25.' 1909. Conference convened at 10 a. m. Presi dent Eliza J, Dixon presiding. Sineriner. Draver and singing. Sister Bingham, president of Benjamin Ward, spoke a few words of welcome, and pave in a brief renort of her ward. President Eliza J. Dixon made opening remarks congratulated the people on their efforts in coming out today, said we are in need of spiritual food as well as temporal, flnd .we fret fed both temporally and spirit of ually in the" Relief 'Society work, spoke -early spiritual training m children. Sister Forcey gave in a good report of Mammoth Ward. Sister Jenkins gave a Avnir it Tnu I'firwi ii.iimi ui vjutjiivu Wn oil rtrnrVina in harmonv. - Sister The afternoon session opened y. singing. . ronnrta Sjintnnuinas doing good Tio;o-and singing as usual. work. Gave some good instructions we Prayer Siivin M. Thomnson spoke on thegreat- Savior. our of will do the should wd lipnuy euuouragt'U me good ' worK oi me Hone read a paper on : con- ference of Uintah Stake of Zion Held at Vernal in the ward house, February 28, 1909, beginning at 2 p. m; There "were present on the stand Brother Dan B. Colton of the Stake Presidency, and presence.; . testimonies, interspersed with singing and prayer from the congregation. The spirit of the Lord worked so powerfully among the sisters they could nof keep their seats but were on their feet two at a time, and it seemed quite difficult to bring the meeting -- to a close. Benediction by Sister E. D. Clarke. (Lunch was served during the noon recess. 300 sisters were present.) Afternoon Session: Sister Annie C. Hind-le- y presiding. After the opening exercises Sister Kate Allred reported Lehi 2nd ward in good conHave testimony meetings and lesdition. sor?! meetings alternately. Have 850 bushels Gave a report of the nf wheat on hand. Kirmess, given by the Kenei bociety ior one weel, and had cleared something over fourteen hundred dollars to finish paying off the debtfon the Tabernacle. Sister Louisa Halliday reported Pleasant We work unitedly and have quite Grote. o fiw nnnr and elderlv Deonle. who feel grateful for the help the Society gives them. Have aVnew cement granary, with iron roof and door, and feel that eur grain will be safe from mice and insects. . of Logan was introduced to" the veW lectiireaced- - the College ; rs and glp of.do- - mestic science and home economics, proving that the educationafystern has been at fault, and that professional training of girls should be home making. They should choose their profession early in life and all 