WOMAN'S EXPONENT. r issippi was secured and its jrorUmce in tafYn Were laid,- foundaWl And darkness hover'd o'er .the space, This good "world beautiiul" go perfect made, And sun and etars had found their place, Then darkness lied before the coining day When God proclaimed "Let there be light Tor Uie Omnipotence, and r)v'r held rwhv ' And he divided day and night. Fair morning in her maiden beauty rope All blushes like a" virgin bride; The world awaken'd from the night's repose Jiy her sweet presence beautified. ,.;.' When the 1 - - ) minutes.) them. Sister Hannah Odekirk reported the Vernal Relief Society in good condition. Sister Vilate Bennion spoke of the great work we can do with the children if we only persevere. Song by group of little girls led by accompanied by Retta Bell. the Ideal Type of American manhood, and his Influence on the Policy and Destiny of our Nation Carol Y. Cannon.' (25 minutes.) The Evolution of Medicine and Surgery El izabeth - R, --Wrigh (25minu t esj Diana Selections from William J. F. Rich. tZ By-ra- Wells. ' Ethel-wynneColle- . " n fiicf OT A lino AT tt, IT nrno liofl Kion- - rJflllnrVif or? with the singing, for people who love to sing, love to work,and work is what we want. Spoke MAY. of the power and ability each one is blessed thought we should try to develop Equal Suffrage Emmeline B. Wells. (20 with, and in our midst, for that is what our the ability minutes.) We should The Arctic Explorers Clarissa Y. Spen- Prophet Joseph Smith did. look into our families and see what gift our cer. (20 minutes.) children are blessed with and try and cultiPolicy of the Roosevelt Administration Said Aunt Bathshtba vate that gift. Emily C.Willey.: (20 minutes.) Selections from Holmes, Whittier and Bry- Smith sent her greetings and best wishes. She has confidence in the stake officers, she ant led by Sarah F. Smith. ' , .then spoke on mothers work and encouraged the young women to join the Relief RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. Society. Elder Don B, Colton, first counselor to UINTAH STAKE. the president of the stake, made an excuse for President William H. Smart not being Synopsis of Minutes. scatter The 49th conference of the Relief Society at conference, a id he is in the more this part of Uintah Stake was held in the Vernal ed .'part of the stake, thinking that able to take care of itself. I know ward house Aug. 20, 1909, "commencing at is more that I voice his sentiments when I say we 10 a. m., President Nancy A. Colton presidfeel the good the Relief Society does in the . ... ing. community." Referred to the suffering that Singing by choir and congregation, 'Our had been on the reservation and the help mountain home so dear," and prayer and gave other ubal opening exercises ah address ofx that the Relief Society of this valley, had been welcome and a report of the stake was given them. Alluded to the grain that loaned to the people on the reservation and by President Nancy A. Colton. The wards the good it had done, he also advised the or part of the wards had not been doing, time and season. much of late on account of. the quarantine sisters to gather grain in the President Nancy A. Colton felt to give for small pox. Spoke of the grain that had vote of thanks for their been loaned out and the good it had done. the visiting sisters a in making Mrs. Annie K. Bartlett further reported visit, thanked all who had helped , ; conferenoe a success. the question of the grain that had been ;this -Singing, "The Spirit of God like a fire is loaned to the people on the reservation for adjourned for three it surely relieved the suffering of many peo burning.', Conference Phebe A. Mekkley, bee. months. pie, and they would receive it aR back. : I Read Constitution of the United States, and discussion of same, led by Emmeline B. Weils. (20 minutes.) ueaa ine y Laws. Discussion on same led by Julia A. F. Lund. (15 minutes). Oration by Patrick Henry Clarissa Y. Spencer. The First National Bank under President George Washington Phebe Y. Beatie. (15 ' -- - Bona fide holders . v NOVEMBER. ... Lincoln, Otis--EU- Questions of Finance. . Judge Lewis. -- APRIL. Declaration of Independence, Causes and effect on the world Clarissa S. Williams (20 minutes, t Bills of Exchange Their origin arid force, Phebe Y. Beatie. (20 minutes.) a W. Hyde. Oration by James ::rF:: i -- SEPTEMBER. ; scenery along the road, and congratulated the people in their labors. Also fpoke of the mother's work, in the Relief Society, advised the listers to make their own plans JANUARY, 1910. to work to. Explained, the duties of the International affairs during Adams' ad- teachers, said it is not only their duty to ministration' Marv E. R. Web look after the sick physically, but to build ber. (15 minutes.) them up spiritually. Thought mothers The Louisiana Purchase adshould make heaven at home whether rich or ministrationElizabeth R. Wright. (10 poor, whether living in a log house or a manmiuutes.) sion. She felt to encourage the sisters to Lewis it Clark Expedition Ella W. work. with their hands and brains together. Hyde. (10 minutes.) Sifter Vilate Bennion, from Salt Lake Bills of Lading and Warehouses Receipts City, was pleased to meet with the sisters, Myra Y. Rossiter. (10 minjites ) the explained the mother's work, we should The Duel and Debts of ''Honor Julia meet and get each other's views and ideas, A. F. Lund. (10 minutes.) referred to a speech that Elder Morris .had made in a Relief Society me eting that if they FEBRUARY. can interest the mothers, they can win Negotiations with Mexico during Madi- the children. . We should give, our lectures son's Administration. (15 minutes.) greatest study, and ask all, the questions The Monroe Doctrine, its Application and our w e can find on the subject. Effect Isabel M. Sears. (20 minutes President Nancy A. Colton thought we Property Rights of Women Mabel S. had heard a great deal of the Gospel; spoke Cole, (15 minutes.) of mothers trying to control themselves beOration by Susan !. Anthony Maria Y. fore they try to control their children. Dougall. Meeting adjourned until 2 p. m. with singMARCH. ing and benediction. The Negotiable Instrument Alice MerAfternoon session, choir and congregation rill. Home. (20 minutes.) sang' 'Hail to the brightness." Prayer and The Spirit of Invention Julia P. M. singing. Farnsworth. (20 minutes-Sister Mary A. Stringham gave an outline W. of Poems Group Henry of the work the Relief Socitty are doing, Longfellow's Rachel Campbell. Spoke of mothers not neglecting their famTh Aeroplane Mary E. R. Webber. (20 ilies, but watching over and taking care of (Jt-fTerson'- s Daughters of the Revolution. ;.,. spoke .of "roe . PROGRAH. a: Ho" me Ti- 1797-180- 1 :i. Z Alice Merrill l . Has far the greater progreSwrought the day, when knowledge 6hall increase, And cover earth from sea to sea; When all mankind shall dwell in perfect peace, And light and truth obtain the victory. minutes.), King's Palace." ) ' The Golden Rule" to man He taught; And by His teaching, and thro Jesus name, The world received new light, new thought, He who has given to the world His best, Who has some blessed message brought, And ministers to human soul's distress'd ; lister . . In the Meridian of time the Savior came, OCTOBER. In; the com n)erccLtt cy , Oration by Daniel Webster to be read by Emily C.Willeyv ; U. S. Currency. (10 minutes-- There have been wonders in the long ago, Empires have flourished in their way. Their thrones, and kingdoms; their great works laid low, Their progress crush'd and pass'd away. We boast of great achievements in our time, Of ingenuity and wondrous skill Talk of the sciences in flights sublime, Controling forces at their will. Men have won laurels in the halls of fame, Have solv'd great problems, to be sure, Hut can they justly lasting merit claim . For progress made that will endure? And who can say what progress most has done To help mankind to higher things? What vict'ry have we gained, what triumph won, With all that art and science brings? Wise men of old. e'en prophets in their time Have dealt with life's preat mysteries; And poets sung in rhythmic strains sublime Through the long line orrsenturies. B. RecitationJy Mjss Clara Spear's, entitled ' Twas then the morning stars together sung, And angels minifiter'd on earth; All nature's voices in glad chorus rung, Kejoicing in the world's new birth For man was born and unto him was given Dominion over living things, And woman,' fresh from out the courts of heav'n A benediction with her brings The dawn of progress in a new-bor- n race, The growth of beings multiplied; And down the agee filling time and place, True knowledge life has glorified. Emmeline he w orl d minutes I"' We hail 27 . Treaty 1795 with Spain which settled the boundary line between the U. S. and Louisiana Diana F. Rich. (15 minutes.) How the right of - Navigation of the Miss. ' - 1 " 