f WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 10 ' i r of age divider SnOir in tlie "Mississippi river, at Nauvoo, andwas confirmed a member ol, Uie Lauren uy Elder Amasa Lyman; although she had. a testimony of the truth of the Gos'peV when ehe heard the first Elders preach in Salem, Mass. Concerning the martyrdom of the , Prophit and Patriarch-- she writes in lier record. "I had the privilege of seeing the Prophet Joseph and listening to his voice and to the words of inspiration that fell from his Hps; I shall never forget them; they are as vivid to my mind as if it were but yesterday they I can testify of 'his divine were uttered. mission and know for a surety that he was I was a Prophet of the Most High God. when Biiteen-iycar- s - . there at his martyrdom, and shared the great sorrow with the people of God, I looked upon their faces in death and shall never forget them," Brother and Sister Alley had a very nice comfortable home in Nauvoo which they left at the time of the exodus with their family, except Margaret who had left with the first company, and moved across the Mies'uasippLin the summer of 181G, and camped first cn the bank of the river, then moved about three miles; where Jhere was an encampment of the Saints, the mother was very sick but finally recovered through faith and the gift of healing, and the family moved on to Farmington, Iowa-- afterwards to Bonaparte; there Brother Alley stayed a while making preparations for the longer journey westward. The family were nearly all sick with fever and ague, sometimes, one could wait on the rest; Brother Charles Rich persuaded Brother Alley to leave the large quantity of (lour he had bought to take with him, for the poor Saints that were there by the wayside so destitute; and he moved on with his teams as far as Mt. Pisgah, and in the late fall arrived at Winter Quarters, on the West side of the Missouri river, the family were all better andjquiteenioyed-while-there-th- e rest and quiet once again being free from mobs and persecution. In the spring of 1818, in the company of President Brigham Young, the Alley family started for the valley and arrived hereon the twentieth of September, 1848, and have resided here ever since, they settled in the Eighth ward where they continued to reside until the death of Brother and Sister Alley and their family lived there until very recently. Lydia Ann Alley was married to General Daniel H. Wells April 4, 1852. The marriage ceremony was performed by President 3righam Young. Her married life has been a very happy one, although many changes have taken place during the long years since that event. The children born to them are Miss Catharine 'Wells, Mrs. Mary M. W.Whitney arid Louis R. Wella, all of this city; the grandchildren, Murray Wells Whit-' ney.and Wendall Webb Whitney, and Louis R..Wells' children are Daniel Hanmer and Horace Hanson four grand sonsT these with many others, of the Wells family and the Alley family, her brothers and sisters and their posterity, all feel the loss here of one who was a stalwart among them. Three of the children of Sister Wells passed away in infancy a beautiful little girl Lucy Ann died ..when ten months old a boy named W'ilford Woodruff who died at the age of three months also Arthur Deming also died when three months old. ; VSister Wells was a public spirited woman , , , . cellent qualities and iaithfulnees as a Saint-i" industrious, .in ..the extreme, v very deed. aSth mother al and work." Bishop George Romney referred more ways found time for public duties especially to her home life and duties in the In the year 1868, when the local Relief Sociward in ward and her excellent example, and referety was organized in the Thirteenth this city, she became a member and was red to vhis great respect for the family. Sister Emma Ramsay Morris Bang "O,"" a teacher; in 1873 she soon My Father'' with deep and tender expression was selected as. second counselor to Presiand .in fine voice. . dent' Jlachel Grant, Sister Bathsheba SoApostle Heber J. Grant paid a glowing Smith, now General President over the Presitribute to the memory of Sister Wells and ciety in all the world was at that time dent Grant's first Counselor. In 1882, Sister made reference to the consistency of her life He read from the in all its varied phases. B. W. Smith moved to the Seventeenth of Doctrine and Book 76th' section of the ward and Sister Wells was made First Counselor. Sister Lydia Ann Wells was chosen Covenants, concerning those who abide in to preside over the Primary Association in the faith. President Joseph F. Smith delivered an the Thirteenth ward in 1882. and held the position five years. Sister Wells was also eloquent and powerful discourse upon the counselor to Sister Ellen C. Clawson, Presichange from death unto life and referred to dent of the Primary Association of Salt Lake the resurrection of the Savior and touched oflice until upon many spiritual truths that had been Stake in 1882, and filled-th- at ' Sister Clawson's death, and when Sister revealed through the Scriptures, and again Camilla Cobb was selected to fill the vacanbrought to our attention through the light of the Gospel in our own day. cy caused by the demise of Sister CJawson, are these arrayed The closing hymn she chose Lydia Ann Wells for her First the. in until white" by the Temple choir was very imCounselor. Sht held Benediction by Elder Nephi Y. division of Salt Lake.Stake in 1901, when pressive. all the stake officers were released. In all Schofield. . floral than for more The these positions offerings were abundant and thirty years, Sister Wells was untiring in her labors of beautiful from the many loving friends and love, a wise counselor, natural leader and a relatives, roses, sweet peas and carnations and the elegant'mantle of delicate roses and woman of excellent judgment, one who always stood for justice, and maintained her sweet peas that lay over the casket was most The pall bearers were the sons dignity at all times and on all occasions, exquisite. with perfect modesty, yet with that tenacity and son in law of President Wells and of purpose which is necessary in ny impora long line of carriages followed the hearse tant undertaking; in fact she was a woman to the cemetery. The grave was solemnly . of great force of character. dedicated by Apostle Orson F. Whitney and the last sad rites were over for one dearly When the sisters of the Church were selected to labor in the Salt Lake Temple, her beloved. name was among those who were chosen come to the river side, and she continued regularly in the work "We, too, shall One one until her serious illness. She rejoiced greatly We are nearer itsbywaters each eventide, One by one. in her Temple work, and appreciated the We can hear the noise and the dash of the stream work of the redemption of the dead as much Now and again, through our life's deep dream, as it is possible for any woman to do. She . Sometimes the floods al the banks overflo w, had been - privileged to go with her husband Sometimes in ripples and small waves go, to the St. George, Logan and Manti Temples Une by one. " and expressed herself most happy in having E. B. W. these great privileges. What ths loss of such a woman is to her immediate family it is impossible to tell in NOTES AND NEWS. words hut there is no alternative, it must There are women in the United States who be borne and family life must stilj-g- o on with those who remain. Sister Wells death are equal to the oflice of President: There have was not unexpected, she had been ailing been many capable queens in history; and there are as able women in the world today Bome 'months, and Buffered severely during the last week. She passed into a peaceful as in any former age, and as many of them sleep at 11:20 a. m., Friday, August 6. She in America as anywhere- else. If Jane Addams were President she would- - fill the breathed her last surrounded by all her immediate family in the gentle sweet influence oflice with as much discretion as Mr. T?ft, ae much zeal for righteousness, as Mr. Rooseof the home she so dearly loved. Everything that willing hands and loving velt, and more bread thof mind than either hearts could do had been done and finally of them. Ex. when all was over for her, she was daintily Much sympathy is ' expressed for Rev. clothed in spotless linen robes of white, Anna Howard with the softest white vail that delicate al Woman's Shaw.president of the NationSuffrage Association, who was, hands could "prepare, and laid in a beautiful in a carriage accident in white casket, like a bride adorned for her seriously injured Minneapolis a few It appears husband. The peace and calm that shone that Dr. Shaw was days ago. thrown from the carriage in her face was lovely to behold. , while going to' the station to take a train for The funeral services were held at the home New York, when the horses hauling her car323, Second Ave. Bishop George Romney riage, became friffhtrnerl nnt UM hnltorT WViVVUl presided,the opening hymn was "Farewell all Shaw was thrown from her carriage and re earthly honors," rendered by a quartett, ceived a oroKen anfcie and some bad bruises. prayer was offered by Elder A. H. Ivins, then She was returning "from the convention of Prof. Horace S. Ensign sang very touching-l- y the National Association at and had the beautiful hvmn "Resignation." Pre- stopped in Minneapolis to Seattle; confer with Prosident John R. Winder paid an eloquent fessor Frances Squire Potter, the newly tribute to the honorable upright life of the elected secretary of the association. is deceased, referred to her faithful labors in said that her injuries will confine her toIther the Temple, her humility arid her many ex bed for at least three weeks. Ex. . A. n . after-appointe- . s d - '-- that-oftlc- e " 1 - -- -- CD ' JL A. i u 