V-f-s- .j.f. upon' theCpeoplai and- except the' Ills to ' ' which ilesh is heir, everywhere, no danger ially recommend the work rtfceritfy taken threatens the peace ami tranquility of. this hold of in a way to open up more and greater interest in the work for the dead in estab7 y. glorious commonwealth. in the Church. There. are some problems confronting the lishing a Genealogical Society We believe this will lead up to greater adpeople of this nation but they are only shad- WomExponeiit . EMM ELI SE B. WELLS, Editor anil Publisher ANME WE LIS CANSOS, Assistant Editor. with the grave and serious conditions that hang over some of the most enterprising foreign lands. ... we believe there is safety in As keeping the commandments of God, as re vealed in this last dispensation, and rejoice tht the truths "revealed from heaven in this day and age, through the Prophet Joseph Smith, are spreading throughout; the world of mankind." "The gospel is being preached in many lands, and the honest in heart are being, converted and coming to an understanding of its saving principles. Saints we have Therefore as Latter-dagreat reason to rejoice and be glad, for Zion t will arise and on her bpautiful garments, and the glory thereof will eventually fill the whole earth, as has been foretold by prophets and apostles of old, and of the present dispensation. ows, as it were, compared Published monthly in Salt Uke City, I'tah. Terms: six mouthy .10 cts. one copy one year, l.f.(M); one made V'liy clubs. for No reduction papers delivered hy 2 mail, extra for postage one year, Advertising rates: Kar.h Muare, ten line f A jaoe oihj tinie .$2."0; jer month. .'$.00. liberal discount to regular advertisers. . E.XPOXEXToftire Room 5'7 TempMmi, Smith Trtnj'df Street: Huines hours from . tn. to 5 p. m.; every , day, except Sunday. Address all business communication ty Mr., i:. U. VvKU.S, cy rt; Kn-pari- 10-a- . Sait Lake Cm , Utah. KuttrtiS at the Post Oilier in second class matter. as Sill Lake City, Utah y Salt Lake City, Utah. Jancakt, THE NEW YHAR, UKW. . ehine-,andpy- 1909. - vancement in Temple work and awaken a stronger conviction of its necessity in the minds of the youth of Zion. who have not all been awakened to its vast and -- far-reachi- importance., ' IDEAL DREAJK A I fear that a great many of us do not realize the importance that is attached to Relief Society work. The vague idea that it is only an organization for the oluer sisters is a profound mistake, its doors stand open for the girls of sixteen as well as the eisters of more mature experience. When our beloved prophet opened the door of benefit for woman, he did not simply mean the few who were fortunate enough to be under the sound of his voice at that time. , But the knowledge of woman organized was a legacy given to the whole world of womankind, his words that were delivered by inspiration have had their effect not only Saints, but their smongst us as Latter-dasignificance and influence have threaded their way through the civilized nations of Varthe earth, politically and religiously. ious kinds of benevolent societies and clubs have since that memorable day sprung into existence and the originators of them know not why orvhat instinct has led them on to action. Hut we who have the spirit of truth burning in our bo?omsknow that all these subordinate systems are but flickering footlights under the blaze of a great institution whose wheels are moved by the 'power of revelation. Our society here in .Randolph is in a healthy condition,, tbepresident is energetic and alive to her duties, she and her counselors are a3 one. love and harmony exists between every officer and. teacher! I consider we, are blessed above, all the other branches in our stake, as we are in touch with the stake presidency, their homes being ri?ht here. We are occasionally favored, with a visit from our stake president, Sarah Tyson, and her diligent staff of officers, who. are ever willing to impart unto us words of counsel and encouragementThat we will be judged and rewarded for what we hive done should remain no longer a a doubt with Relief Society workers. I was skeptical for a long time in regard to our being judged from pur Relief Society records, but doubt fled with the wings of night after I had been convinced through a dream. All at once I seemed to be in the company of a very intelligent and dignified personage, who walked some distance with me. until we reached an elevated portion of While standing there viewing the ground. surrounding country, my companion pointed to the west. ,1 turned and looked in the" direction he nointed. there before me were two rows of magnificent trees whose branches towered to the sky, their beautiful My dear fellow-worker- s, The close oi the year l'JOS was not only overflowing with general interest in affairs of the utmost importance in these days of the greatest achievements, of all kinds imThe Lord, is at the helm, and will bring aginable, but there was the excitement following the election of a new president of the to pass His righteous purposes in the earth, United States, which is always interesting; and the Saints who are in the line of their but when it.1 seemed the year was just mak- duty will be on the alert, watching the signs ing its exit, nevermore to return, then there of the' times and discerning the significance came the astounding telegraphic news of of momentous events as they transpire from It i3 all a part of the great the greatest calamity known to the world time to time. for over a century at least. The distressing drama being enacted in the world of which disaster of the terrible earthquake in Sicily we as individual are only an insignificant and Southern Italy, caused such widespread part. Meantime each one has a chancre if ever so consternation, as to awaken the sympathy and the deepest- - emotions of the human small in the great' development of knowlheart in tender compassion for the sufferers. edge of God and His purposes; and work to It is said by those best acquainted with do that may count for much or little, acthe history of such world events and with cording to the diligence and devotion of the atmospheric and earth disturbances, that doers; and the light and intelligence brought the recent holocaust in Southern Italy, and to bear upon the object to be attained. surrounding islands along the coast, now One cannot be at ease in Zion, is an old devastated And destroyed, that there has not for the work is pressing, and it rebeen anything, so dreadful and appalling saying, the utmost zeal and quires capacity of the since 1783. Tidal waves are not so un- individual effort and endeavor to accomcommon in some sea coast places, where plish the designs of the Almighty in overthere are ehoals of islands, but the widecoming evil,- and establishing truth and spread area of destruction in this alarming righteousness in the earth. . catastrophe, and the thousands of human In this greatest dispensation, when all lives instantaneously,- as it were, swept former dispensations are to be merged into away, hurled to destruction, and those not killed outright, mangled and disabled, one, women have an important part, and will require greatness of soul and homeless and disconsolate, dependent upon one that thb mercy and charity of the world, not magnanimity of purpose beyond that to which they have as yet attained; although knowing what their fate is to be, is too many grand and noble ones .have .laid the deplorable to be dwelt, upon and yet, one foundation fgr those who are now engaged in whose heart is full of compassion, must the undertakings that are being needs, contemplate these circumstances those who are coming forbut more or less, though far removed from .us or developed, our country; millions of dollars worth of ward will yet see how vast the increase will be; surely "the" harvest is great and the property utterly destroyed, and those who' survive left penniless, these are . solemn reapers are few. The work for the: living and the dead, in facts; horrors indeed to the sensitive mind, and although liberal contributions came the temples already built is marvelous, but from many sources, there is much pain and when more temples are built there will be misery that cannot be mitigated or allevi- peed of such an army of women .workers as ated, and though in this land far removed well as men that one looking forward can from these terrible occurrences, yet the scarce conceive of its magnitude. woes of humanityjtouch. tenderly every sen - Are our young - women: preparing them-selvfor this mighty undertaking?. Are sitive living soul, and the prayers of. tens of thousands ascend to heaven in behalf of they appreciating the .fact ; 'that they are heirs to air these privileges and blessings? calamithose, who suffer from these dread ' ; ': .. 7' 7 ,, This is an endless theme to dwell ties. upon, and reaches Jariitito the past Tand none living can satisfactorily grasp its future, indeed it Nevertheless the new year has . opened is not given to man to know all that there i arated these trees, and ' the glorious rays of propitiously, and here in our own famous in store, but the Lord reveals to His prophthe sun shone on itr blending harmoniously land of America, prosperity seems to smile ets here a little and there a little. with- the rich green, tone displayed . While y - . - - far-reachi- ng . es , " '- - Y. . ; ng - 