..fall,., in October, while r ray husband was hauling vrcpdi&taUfrtfmountain he had the misfortune to break his leg; he was not able to do any work that winter; we had some wheat on hand and had it ground and we Bifted the bran and put one fourth bran and three fourths Hour and it made good bread andbyEO .doingwehadenQU2h bread to last us till my husband was. able to work and during that winter we lost everything, and had to make a new start. In September, 1857, a son was born to us, William Henry, and in'the spring of 1858 the call came for the people to leave - their homes and move south; we were anion? the first ten that left Centerville; we left .our home not knowing where we were going; we did not have any. team or wason at that time, but Brother Rollins, a man, my husband had done a great deal of work for, offered him a yoke of steers, and a light wagon, if he would haul some of his things with ours which he did; it was not much we had to haul at that time; we went to Payson and stayed there till the latter part of June when we returned to our home again, and the Lord blest us greatly for the sacrifice that we had made although it looked rather dark at the time and the cloud was hanging low, but there was a silver lining under the cloud. October 31st, 1859, a baby girl was born to gladden our home, her name was Lydia Millira;.in April, 1861, we moved from Centerville to Weber Valley, now Morgan, in Morgan County; my husband took up some land and built us another home; we were among the first settlers; there were many hardships to endure, but ii all gave us an experience and taught us to be thankful to our heavenly Father for the blessings, we receive from time to time; in January, 1862, another little girl was born to us. Louisa Ann, but she did not stay wilh us long, not quite two years and her spirit took its flight to the better land. --There are many lessons - to- - be - learned in settling up new countries and in those days there was not much to do with, making it all the more difficult to build new homes; now it is comparatively easy to do what it was then, s great hardship, one can scarcely realize it if they have not passed through it in these days. We were glad to have a spring seat in a lumber wagon to ride in but that is almost a thing of the past now and buggief have taken their place; in 1865 another daughter, Lucy Jane, was born to us. In 1868, the Relief Society of Morgan was organized and I have been a member of it ever since; for which I am truly thankful, for it has been a good school for me; it has taught me to rely , on my Father in heaven for strength to do all things. In March, 1877, I was chosen President of the Relief Society of Morgan, and when the stake organization J was effected in 1878, I was chosen President of the stake and held both offices until 1889 when I asked to be released from being President of Morgan ward; I am still laboring as President of the Morgan stake. I shall never forget how I felt when my name - was called out for me to take that responsible position. When I reached home I said to our dear sister Eliza R. Snow; I fear I am not capable of filling that position; she said you will; arid fill it with honor, and those words have always been strength to me in the hour of. need, a: before she went home she blest me; and it has always been a help to me with other blessings that I vhave received from her and Aunt Zina and many others who have gone behind the veil not forgetting the many kind and encouraging words that . . -- I' haw a O that nave viEitborfour conferences; them Sisters Jane. S.Richards and E.B.Wells, many words of counsel have they given me while and they have been as land-mar1S79 my eldest passing through life. In daughter died leaving a baby girl four days oldit lived one week and parsed away.-J18S6, my eldest, son died leaving a wife and six boys, they are all grown up to manhood and are workersjn the Church. 1 have pas sed through many trials; it has given me ex neriences. that have been as gems by the way side; and my faith has been increased and 1 trust I will be faithful tpjhe truth to the end of my life. ks n her-bereav- ed" j Celia A. 8mitji, Barbara Allex, Axxn: E. Fuller, Committee. OBITUARIES. We wish' to record through our valuable paper, the death of one of our faithful sisters, Mrs. Mary L. Nelson of the sixth ward, Provo: who be came a member of the Relief Society when it was first organized in the 2nd ward of i'rovo, and officiated as a teacher in that ward very many years, and served faithfully in that capacity after the ward was divided until a short time before her demise, acting as a teacher over thirty years. Sister. Nelson was born at Hornly, Sweden on the of February, 18.il, and departed this life on the 19th of October, ll0S. She was the beloved wife of Brother Lars P. Nelson and was a true and loving companion. She came to Utah in the crossing the was ox teams married and the same by plains was of She several the mother children. year. Bishop Nelson of the 2nd w ard survives them. Sister Nelson wa3 a consistent Latter-da- y lth , baint, true to her covenants, for ehe delighted in her holy religion, and as such we shall ever regard her memory. We have been called upon to part with another of our faithful sisters, in the person of Sister Matilda E. Loveless, w ite of the late Bishop Loveless of the 2nd. ward, Provo. She also joined the lie. lief Society when it was first organized, in that ward, wherein she was a teacher and counselor very many years, and continued an active worker in the oth ward after, the wards were divided. She was born at Nashville, Tenn., and was the daughter of Brother and Sister William C. McClel-laon the loth of Dec. .1828, and passed away after a lingering illness, March 15, 1900 ; She was the mother of ten children. When young she was with her parents in Nauvoo, and always bore a strong testimony of the divinity of the Prophet n, IN MEMORIAM. Resolution of respect to the memory of Anna Kleinman, daughter of Henry Beneze and Elizabeth Lang, who departed this life December 8th, 1908. She was born June 1st, 18,, was one of the first to embracethe gospel in the place where she then resided (Weininger, Zurich, Switzerland) in the year 1N4. Emigrated to Utah in the following year, mar ried Conrad Kleinman in 1850, in Salt Lake Citv. moved from there and went to Lehi to live some time after. In 1S01 they were called to Dixie, among the first that were called there, and obedient to the call went and made their home at St. George until 1So7, when they moved to Toquerville, where they stayed until 18S3. when they moved to Ari zona. She was the mother of ten children, three girls and seven boys. Four sons survive her death. She was called to preside over the Relief Socie ty of Alma ward, Maricopa stake, May 31, lSs.1 .w hich duty she performed in an energetic and few a until manner, years ago. She exemplary then moved to Utah with her husband to work in the Temple at St. George; while there ehe .was called upon to part with her husband Conrad Kleinman, after his death she still continued to labor in the house of the Lord, and did the work for .2,500. or 3, (XX) relatives and friends. She was sympathetic in nature: always helping those that were sick or in trouble. She passed through all the hardships of the early days jn Salt Lake. Having a desire to once more visit with her sons and daughters in Mesa, Maricopa Co., and. then return to St. George to finish her work for the dead, but while here her health began to fail and and remembered remarkable Smith, after lingering for four weeks after an Joseph many scenes and incidents in his life of which she was a hnally succumbed to the inevitable. ' operation She was always willing to perform the witness. She won the love and esteem of all whom she last sad rites for the dead evsn in contagiassociated with through life. ous diseases, for which snV was highly appreciAnd the officers and members of the Alma ward ated. One of her nephews is Professor McClel- - Relief Society, feel that in her passing away we lan, the organist of the Salt Lake City Tabernacle. have lost a faithful and earnest worker in the ReElecta Bullock, lief Society cause, a firm and valued friend and Pres't. be it ' M. A. Till, , Resolved: That we, duly sympathize with her ' Clara Pax man, family in their deep bereavement, and sorrow in Committee. the loss of a loving and devoted mother, and we pray that the sweet consoling spirit may descend n ' upon tnem to heal up the broken hearts. icesolved: That we sincerely mourn her depar IN MEMORIAM. from ture but appreciate her past faithful laIn memory of our beloved sister Mabel Ann bors,, and usknow that she has gone to receive her Hakes, who departed this life January 19, 1908. reward for her labors so well performed. past She was born in McDonbugh April we itesoivea: lhat place these resolutions up 10, 1840A She was born in the and was on our record, jphurch present a copy to the family, and well acquaintedwith the Joseph Smith, also send one to the Woman's Exponent for who used to knee when she was publication. . a little tot. She went with her parents to Utah in Josephine H. Pew, President. 1850, and to San Bernardino, California, in 1851, Mary P. Standage, and was there married to Collins R. Hakes on the Clara u Rogers, Counselors, 28th of Feb.., 1857. In '53 the young couple reEva A. Kleinman, Secretary., moved to Utah, where they remained until 1SS3, at which time they came to Mesa, Arizona. Sister Hakes joined the Relief Society in 1868, not as a lay member, but as a ward counselor, Mies Eetelle RppI. and spent 40 years in Relief Society work, holding office the entire time. She was a stake officer, 7 ent of Indian Snhrinls- nmnfa nnt m her last counselor or president, for twelve: years while liv- official report that - there has beenTmarked ing in Mesa, but finally had to resign on account progress during the last few" years in the of ill health. S general field of Indian education.' Good reSister Hakes and her companion lived together almost 52 years, and she was the mother ofM2 sults have been, obtained through industrial children. She had 43 grandchildren and 21 training and the encouragement of native Though Ehehad manytrials in industries. " -- -- Co.,-Illinois- " jphet 0teiis .' . - . . great-grandchildr- i r: murmurea nor compiaineu. Sister Mabel Hakes was truly a noble Woman, and a mother in Israel, and we, the Relief Society of Mesa Ward and of Maricopa intake shall greatly miss her from our midst; but while we feel her loss, and miss her wise counsel, and while we sympathize with husband and children, we bow to. the will of our Heavejilv Father and pray that when we are called from our earthly labors we may be worthy to meet her in the great beyond. Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions, be spread upon the records of the Stake Relief Society, a copy be Rent to the family and a copy sent to the Exponent for publication. Lydia Rich. year-18(51- y-- ci was helpless ana a constant sulferer.but shenever en. 