WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 34 mr rr "iiA TAhiY f vf .'C 'iiUin that a . ::of ,r Commerlii n Qiin-quenni- tn ,n Prmnpil vvvui'- UUil lUJtuv; v vlit , . . - their . al wel-oom- ., , 1 - lireVtiren take in the ttelief Society. This is a very great and important work that we are engaged in, but'if we trust in the Lord, and do our duty we shall he able to ovcr- 'm come by faith and prayer. Sister Harker said, "Many of you have made sacrifices to come here today, and I realize that I am not the one you expect ;.d Kni I hpp.flllSft U18 " 'sent, find l J aoa. CCC, HUli 1 ramA v,wjv w - ' T Society. We are otn in Bvmnatln with the sent here with a purpose, to fulfill a mis. sion to multiply and to bring spirits into the world. The subject .of raising children has been avoided by the majority of women, but if this subject had been taught when I was raising my children, J believe that I could have done much better. Every Relief - f . - TV" citv and be , their guests. The invitation wto accepted e and a luncheon, drive anjl most cordial was received. The Portland Press Club extended an invitation to a reception in the Oregon Building, but from lack of time could not be accepted. The public meetings were well attended, reports on orreganizations and work accomplished well ceived. The warm hospitality shown the council by the Ladies of the Maccabees of the World and the Women of Woodcraft, in their bounteous luncheons, entertaining toasts and gracious attentions made the Seattle was courtesy more than pleasant. generous, hospitable and gracious, and the Council of Women of the U. S. will long transactions of the Quinquennial period remember its Sixth Triennial. Com. while she .was International President,, were readv for distribution and could be per- RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. chased for seventy five cents a volnme, or one dollar and fifty cents for both, and ALPINE STAKE. ure;ed all to send in their names to her. The The quarterly Conference of the Relief reRrts of various committees were read and Report on Society of Alpine Stake was held at Lehi, approved in Executive Session. Entertainment of Foreign Delegates read, July 28. 1901). Meeting commenced at 10 and a vote of thanks given the committee a. m., President Rebecca Standring presidfor their work; Report of Treasurer being ing. Meeting opened by singing, "Come, printed was referred to auditing committee, come, ye Saints." Peayer by Brother Wilwho after examination of accounts reported liam Southwick. Singing, accounts found correct and report was acPresident Standring greeted the sisters of Local Council, and announced that we had with us SisPrefs,. Repo'rt cepted. Catechism Education read and recommend- ters Susan Grant and Hattie B. Harker of ation of the chairman on Education made in the General .Board. Was pleased to reUnion City, was reaffirmed. Committee on port the Alpine Stake as doing well. Our Charities and Philanthrophy recommer.ded a sifters are faithful and energetic in all their delegate to national Conference of Charities work. "It is useless for me to speak of be again appointed, also that a special our Stake Board, they are very dear to me, committee, be appointed to investigate the every one of them. We have never had of "Old Age Pensions," both of any trouble since the stake was organized. matter which were adopted. Report of meeting of The spirit of God is here, and I pray that International Council made hvy Mrs. Barrett. His blessings may rest upoi all who take for the and was accepted part here today. Proxy President, with much applause. Four of the wards were reported by their Resolutions -- Committee reatlirmed-tlh- erespective president s ,al uni t ed "and willing resolutions adopted at last executive meet- to do whatever they are called upon to do. ing, thanks to all hosts and hostesses' all of United, and have a good attendance at which were adopted at this meeting with their meetings and have the blessing of God. the additional proviso that the thanks of Stake Counselor Annie C. Hindley felt to the Council for the efforts and kindness say a word in regard to Sister Standring, shown by Mrs. Pitt Trimble and Mrs. Marthat sheis well qualified to teach and counion. Baxter should be engrossed. Bill of sel her sisters now as ever she was since the one hundred dollars for printing the pro- came here in early days and has, grown with grams was allowed. All unfinished busithe work. Since this stake was organized ness referred to incoming officers, after votshe has been a mother to this society, and ing the expenses of the President and has the love and confidence of all the sisters. treasurer should be paid. , The love and union of our sisters in the The public meetings were held the first Board is equal to that of David and Jonaday in the Exposition Auditorium and" was than. We have a noble set of women in in the nature of a reception to the foreign the presidents of our wards, and we as a delegates."r Welcome was extended by the Stake Board love and appreciate them, for i nnuiibuib v Ti , v lancet, ui iunn), to uerinuny, iiaiy. they respond every call that is made upon and England, and responses were given by them. Felt to encourage the counselors to Mrs. May Wright Sewall, Hon. Pres. Interbe always to assist the. presidents in national Council, Mrs. Emma S. Hampton, any work ready of them. Our sisters U. S. Council, representatives from the dif- are hard required working women, they have much to ferent Councils. Sweet music was rendered do, hut we learn by doing. Felt to comby beautiful singers, and the spirit of In- mend the labors of our presidents, it rests ternationalism was felt by all. On Wed- upon them to work out the lessons, and we nesday, luncheon was served to the Council should be prepared to help all we can. and foreign friends by the federated Singing by the 'Relief Society choir Woman's Clubs. The same day a six Beautiful Isle of Somewhere." o'clqckd inner was given by the Exposition Sister Susan Grant was' always pleased to officers where again good - cheer and good meet with the sisters, Vpoke of her long acwill prevailed. A most delightful reception with "Sister. quaintance Standring. Told of was tendered the Council on the severe sickness" of her son, and of his Thursday afternoon by Mrs. J. F. Leary in honor of her guest, our Honorary International and being healed through faitrTand prayers and thonght that the faith and prayers of the National President, Mrs. Sewall. Thiaq sisters had much to do with his healing. greatly appreciated, and the beautiful home She had been President of, the Stake Where and gracious hospitality will he long she lived for 25 years. Loved to meet, with bered. The Federated Clubs and Chamber the sisters and rejoiced m the interest the made Quinquennial Patron was from one term to another, and air International Patron, was for life, ' but in both cases names mtit be approved to' which tiie appliby the Council The name of Uev. Anna. cants belonged. II. Shaw was presented for. International Patron by Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery in be half of - the .National Woman's Sutfrage Association, and was unanimously approved. The election of ofiicers resulted in the fob lowing: President, Mrs. Lillian M. Holliater; Vice-PreMrs. Kate Waller Barrett, Cor. Sec., Mra. Flo. Jamison Miller, Rec. Sec'y. Mrs. Emma E. Power M. I).; Treasurer, Mrs. Mrs. Sewall reported the M. Josie Nelson. Patrons,-explanatio- . I - T- - T " A m Society president should do all she can to bring young mothers into this Society. Fathers are called away from home a great part of the time, but a true mother will have the love and confidence of her children, her sons as well as her daughters. The children should think that there is no place like home, where mother is. We riot only desire our own children to be bright and shining lights, but we can do much for our neighbors." Spoke of the two thon'sand young men of the Nephites, taught by their mothers who overcame the great army of the We cannot plant faith in the Lamanites.' hearts of our children, unless we have the same faith in our own hearts. Meeting adjourned, after singing, and benediction by Sister Sina Chipman. A nice lunch was served during the recess. Afternoon, session commenced at one p. m. by singing, "Count your blessings." Prayer by Sister Emma Featherstone. Singing. "Scatter seeds of kindness." . Sister Sina Chipman of the Stake Board, Wc are spoke of the duty of teachers. proud of our sisters of the Relief Society, JVhat apowerfor goodwe can-b- e when we are united. What a great amount of gcod the teachers can do if they go before, our Father in humility and ask f'.r His aid and assistance. Teachers should be well versed in the principles of the Gospel, There are many souls hungering, not for bread, but for sympathy, for words of love and kindness, and our teachers can give these. Teach those you visit the importance of training the children in the principles of the Gospel. Let them feel that your visit is a joy and a comfort to them, cheer up the sick and distressed. The teachers are a band of earnest workers, and I pray the Lord to bless them, and to bless us all, that we may do better in the future than we have done in the past. Sister H. A. Harker saidf "When I look over this gathering I need not ask if the sisters of Alpine Stake are interested -- In Relief Society work. Your presence shows it. Many are hungering after the seeds of kindness, and the teachers can give this. The sisters can pour out their troubles to each other, but we should be very careful and hold that confidence sacred, and never let one word drop in the other houses that we visit, but guard it as a secret. We desire to become intelligent beings, we have been placed upon the earth for this We should not only attend our meetinss. but it is onr dnfv tn hol-- wUK ifl program, and be prepared to discuss the subject in hand. Mothers must be progressive. Plan our work and do it systematically, then we will have time to study and attend to .our duties. There is no excuse for ignorance but we" progress ' riot so much, by what we hear as by what we do. -- pur-pos- " e. 