v:.:,: s,-;;- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 53 T7 of not being able t&vfrifc. jaety Writer died, but who .through his mother's Cach- . the tendency of the times towards greater viduuuh Kyiui: uii ings, had become-honore- d i as one of the freedom of action, 'nmonr tho neonlo irenpr. cum uuw i U HI Apogtfes of the Lonir u"v.iut "j T"r in than former ally days, when: things were society, yet ehe was a great favorite with all Elder Horace S. Ensign then more and there were not so many primitive, thosewho knew .her:" a very attractive'per-eonalityfeh- e Father' .to the old turie which sang'cymy famiso was temptations in the way of the young people was fond of reading good books liar to Sister Rachel. and we find "this is not only the case in especially, Church literature; and was a very' President Joseph in the cities, or large towns but even. farther spoke fluent speaker and greatly gifted in prayer. most terms of Aunt Rachel Grant from great centres, similar tendencies away endearing preEven years after her hearing was gone when and declared she had' been vail to to him dearer an almost is it. for alarming extent,, she spoke in ths meetings of the Saints, one than a mere sister or of lack remarked friend; upon proper restraint? Very much has could not realize she had sat during the en- her loveliness in in and been done her appearance, by the Latter-daSaints; fathers tire service without hearing a word; her reand thoughts he also dwelt upon and mothers and heads of families have tried actions; marks were always interesting and in keep- the eternal to stem. the current, and excises of various perpetuity of the family relationing with the spirit of th.e meeting. as revealed ship the Prophet Joseph habits. and customs, and yet one id appalled Sister Rachel Grant has left quite a pos- Smith, how wivesthrough should meet their husat the prevalence Of some of the evils once she had only one child of bands and although terity parents their children in the reentirely unknown and unheard-o- f " among her own. Ten beautiful and surrection. The sermon was iull of food for or people belief, high moral irreligious six great grandchildren, all strongly attached thought and emphasized with great emotion, standards. , to her, and mourning her loss: and her son it was a is useless perhaps to enumerate these It very profound discourse. Heber J, most devoted, loving and tender, "Farewell all earthly honors," was renthings, yet one is scarcely justified in being to his best his and always giving mother; dered by the quartet, and the closing, prayer silent on vital subjects, that undermine the the mother and son have been from his in- offered by Elder Iiulon S. Wells. health F.nd hinder the growth of the best and and all that A fancy companions comrades, long procession of carriages followed highest attributes of the heart and soul. --could of and possibly spring joy gladness, the remains to the grave, where the hymn Extremes of all kinds are detrimental to and to each comfort to other, "Rest. on the hillside rest" was sung and the individual in some ways and should alsympathy make life desirable, and laudable ambition the grave dedicated by Elder J.IIyrum Grant, ways if possible be avoided. Such ties are stronger as the last earthly a hope and reality. It may be that in the days long ago, our resting place of one than death, and even in advanced age honored and beloved a mother in Israel. people had too much hard work and privamother loveJs still the dearest thing on "So He tion, but the tendency was not hurtful exbrings them home to rest, with the Vicearth. 'Sister Rachel Grant will live cept perhaps in rare instances; but idleness tors crowned and blest." in the hearts of her friends and and disregard for law and orde- r- and living her kindred. beyond one's means, and trying to keep up For her there was a glorious reception on appearances beyond- one's actual income is HERE AND THERE. the other side, her husband, dear ones of a great ri?k to one's morals, and leads to nnrf The ih in nn1 new and strange events constantly her nwn fnmilv VinnspVinlfl many evils, mat cannot aiwaya oe overcome here and elsewhere throughout without lessening one's opinion of himself numerable . company of Saints to bid her transpiring world the so are welcome in their midst. many and various, that it is at least.' The simple home life such as the The funeral of Sister Grant was held in quite impossible to keep posted even if one early settlers in this valley practised and ward chapel at 11 o'clock had time to read the daily papers. including maintained, and was counseled by those who the twenty-seventFriday, January 29 1909, Bishop James all telegraphic dispatches; therefore one practised what they preached was in itself Maxwell presiding. The chapel was filled must be content with here a little and there a protection and a veritable safeguard. A real home means much to children and with friends and many prominent business a little, and perhaps better not to know too to family life altogether. In the early days men of the city. The pulpit and stand were much. Waves of disaster by sea and by land, all one felt a great pride and satisfaction in real- draped in white with ferns and vines. Floral tributes in profusion and in many sorts of calamities and accidents transpir lzing that most of the Latterlaybaints owned beautiful designs. The First Presidency of ing, and commotions and troubles, and wars their own homes and a garden spot at least; it is not so much thought of the Church and several of the Apostles were in countries afar off and notwitstanding all but theie destructive forces great movements or the fact appreciated, that to the children on the stand. in the way of progress are made, numerous it is so significant. Home is of itself an The service opened with a quartet consisand new almost inexhaustible subject, a permanent inventions; colonizing ting of Mrs. Lizzie Thomas Edward, Miss discoveries for facilities and one can enjoy the tranagriopening up dwelling Mabel Cooper, George D. Pyper and Horace countries quility, the peace, the restfulness that comes S. Ensign, singing, "Thou dost not weep to culture and commerce, and for speedy comof loved ones, and where weep alone." Prayer was offered by Elder munication over long distances, both on from the society Jos. E. Taylor. Elder George D. Pyper sang the ocean and on land, such as were not there is protection from dangers and evil. a solo Sister thou wast mild and lovely." dreamed of forty or fifty years ago one can-- , To be sure there are thousands yet among Elder- John Henry Smith was the first not help wondering what we are coming to; our people who own .their own homes, but will be the next step in advancethe fashion nowadays is to live in flats or speaker, he said Sister Grant was "faithful or what to board, among young people more espeand true, devoted and earnest, a true soldier ment towards a higher state of civilization. . n nnn !nn annal I ,1 uccu Will it be communication with the people cially. The humblest home on a piece of t j.1 cue uau me uaiuiau cross, pi land of .one's, own is preferable. Let the on the planet Mars? Who can tell? Unamong the sick and the afflicted an exthe great effort to ascertain if little children have the solid earth under emplar of the ideals we hold most dear in doubtedly will soon be made. their feet, instead of hardwood floors, they our lives." He paid an eloquent tribute to Mars is inhabited or not Saints do will enjoy life more and live longer. One thing that the Latter-daher as a mother, neighbor, friend and baint The counsel given by Brigham Young in know, is that the Lord has in these Jast days President Richard W.Young spoke tenthe early settlement of these mountain vales, from the heavens, and told his proderly of the many virtues of "Aunt Rachel'' spoken what would be excellent to repeat at the present and the wisdom of her counsel and devotion phets many wonderful things concerning he taught the real "simple life" by to the cause of truth, "She has died with would transpire in the world, during certain time; of these things precept and example. We hear Bome peothe love of all who knew her, God will wel- periods of time and many if predicted have already come to pass, and ple talk of the simple life as it was a new come such as she!" to "the letter; others we idea, we ''Mormons" had the simple life President John R. Winder alluded to the have been fulfilled in fact and in sober earnest. Not that believe will be. encouragement he had received from Sister solemnly one would like to go through, all those Are this people giving heed there to? Rachel Grant and her husband Jedediah M. In our opinion many are: there has cer- experiences again , but 'better even that in Grant (who had preceded her in death many been during the last seven or eight the way of dress and of food, than some years) when he first met them in Salt Lake tainly for the better. Quorums nf tfiA hirlpnn fashions of the davf and the changes great years, several in recounted he aso: 55 vears Citv j have been set in order elaborate cookery. cidents thatrhad taken place in her life in and organizations more which the nobility of her character wa And now a word to the sisters about savmore diligent and been have "7'..Lv' shown. 'v. of duties and obligations, and ing grain, the outlook at the present is not -President Anthon H. Lund expressed in a discharge as regards the supply of bread-stuff- s of action promoted. hopeful very deharmony greater Viia irtVinista for the wrnrr?a fow regard hoh -- for- - future need, w V II V V o The upon resting responsibilities Th"many J. Heber Elder son her and sister parted sisters in the- - Church and especially women are the only womne who have grain n i:nA iUa fnnt nf hpr ann heinff the because ..of 'stored against a time of need, and rt is quite have to increased, seem mothers when father he; too young to remember his - - i. '.v t 1 7 - v-- - F.-Smit- h -- y : grand-daughter- s ; . im-perisha- - - h . now-a-day- s place-wher- e - aui 1 1 -- y ( . r- - ; W ' ' : J4' S uLhthi -- - --Mor- mon". 