WOMAN'S EXPONENT. i- - Ap, 'Mid th J . ,Th e landscape ! aTcm ietr elfcWlitf 1. pwnd scene. '."thy triumph soon will II. !. il . ue: ViiriEi inv 11" ntr.. Who comes from courts of glory thy diadem will . . mountains whose grandeur Among the Rocky poets sing Where streams of living water from hidden fmin-- 1 . - ' bring. Ltdia D. Aldeii. tains spring And crags resound the echoes of fiercest eagle's cream. n wildest, mood Nature's awe-inspirin- g, teem, There raging, foarainj torrents dash madly down below, TJie mountains grandly tow' ring are capped with crystal snow, As bulwark on the eastiide, unbroken there they seem. Ae sentinels they mutely stand, catch the sun's Plymouth, England, July 24th, 1909. Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells: My-Dea- Friend: r - I am iame'ht, br Legislative Assembly, the church, he and his Lady worship ing they are greatly beloved by the common people in Ireland. We saw the monument?, of O'Connor,' and We were in Dublin, Art GalWellington. 1 leries, etc. We went to Killarney from Dublin, went on all the beautiful Lakes, in row boats, visited Kate Kamey's Cottage, on horse back, drove back to Lake Hotel by coach, were in Cork two days, bought linen in Belfast, saw them manufacture it from the FOREIGN LETIERS. glories-- 1 the iM.n.tJid seat ne occupied in the Irislf nbusVoi Par wriling-you-a-fe- w and lines to tell you that I often' think of last gleam, you in my journeying through this delightThat "falls in crimson glory amid their purple ful old country. We landed here May 31, haze" and have been all over England and part of As burnished gold reflecting its glitt'ring fading Scotland visiting nearly all the." old cathe- rays. a mountain sunset The panorama changes dra.s, castles and ruins. We went through grand the lrossacks in Scotland and spent some Ib glinting far and near shadows deepening o'er days in the Lake region in England which the land. I visited Scrooby we enjoyed very much. The dying glory circling, in clearest liquid blue, Manor where Elder Wm. Brewster one of my Faces in the Western mountains, with varying color's hue, ancestors lived. It mafde me feel very Their many frozen peaks seem to glisten mid the strangely to walk through the rooms where gold, the Brewsters used to live for the house is And challenge admiration of all who may behold. still inhabited though it has been repaired II. many times. There are 15 rooms of various It was formerly a part of the sizes. The lake like molten fire, in a burning limpid eea, palace of the archbishop of York in feet Is blazing at their sleeping tranquillity. but Wm. Brewster lived in it about 20 years. Then suddenly they cease, and as wid'ning open He was a Cambridge man and private secregate They let the glory through on the other side then tary to Davidson the secretary of Queen wait Elizabeth who was in disgrace after he made The clouds catch hp the radiance, diffusing it on Queen Elizabeth sign the death warrant of high, Mary Queen of Scotts. I also visited Boston And paint the gorgeous colors acroes the arching where Brewster and others were imprisoned sky. Now Ensign smiles approval and dons the crimson and tried for their 'hue I like England much better than ScotOur flag floats there, its many stars in their field land and could be very contented to live of blue here. It is strange but several people would And ours the proudest of them, though new; among them all, hardly believe that I am an American bePartakes of freedom's spirit, among these mouncause I spoke without the nasal twang. I tains tall. wonder whether I am acquiring an English Tis here Salt Lake is builded, a city on a hill And rising o er the worlds wilt her destiny lulhllr accent, as well as the voice. We expect to sail for Germany tomorrow; By ancients she was seen, all her wondrous beauty known, my address will be "Cooks" Berlin for the Amid prophetic, glowing light is her history present. shown. I send you a sprig of real "heather" with The world knows of her Temple- Moroni's garb of gold, much love, And of her courts and mansions so long ago foreYour Sincere Friend, ready-fo- r ' sale. In London we. have attended Grand Opera, seen the best troup in England play Sheridan's wonderful "School for Scandal." Went to Westminster Abbey, St. Pauls Cathedral, The House of Lords and Commom, Art Galleries, "Wallis Collection," London Tower, and London's Bridge. The Thames River and Waterloo Bridge, Windsor Castle, Canterbury, Oxford, Leamington, Warwick, Stratford-on-Avothe home of Shakespeare, the house, the school he attended or rather schoolhouse, the church in which he is buried," his garden spot, his monument, etcr The fine stores, and tomorrow we go to the other great College Cambridge. The British Museum is a most wonderful place. We are going to the English on the 21st, and will sail from Queens-towto' Norway on the 27th for a twelve days cruise; will meet President Lund's par'ty We have never been ill one moperhaps. ment except for one day and one night, rhile in a dense fog crossing the Ocean. We could not possibly be better or happier, except if we had all our loved ones, and our dear friends with us. We will take a drive to Hyde Park and Buckingham Palace this afternoon before going to Church. Dear Sister, I do hope, you, Sister Smith, the diand all the sisters keep well,-givrectors all my love and bestJwishes.Iwrote to Sister Smith from Edinburgh. We have secured our passage home and will sail from Naples on the 5th of October, but will not reach Salt Lake until November 1st or later. If you could write to the Swisa Mission House, I could get your letter and would so told. Emma J. McVicker. appreciate one. So much comfort I have taken from the dear little book "Fear Not' III. The elders say Brother and Sister Penrose Her wide laid streets are shaded from Summer's went on to the Continent with President A. London, July 18th, 1909, burning sun, On either Bide slow murm'ring streams o'er their Ivanhoe Hotel. H. Lund and party. courses run. Please tell Sister Beatie that we were in Proud Salt Lake City sits enthroned, a Queen in Dear Sister Wells: Dublin two days and two nights, had plenty the land, And gazes' o'er the nations from her exalted 'Tis bright and beautiful this Sunday of time to have visited with her son, but " unusual in London al- could not find his address in the Pens, nor- stand. something morning On all their borders discord, war's crimson tide though we have had exceptional weather at our Hotel Directory. She should have o'er flows; given us hisaddress, for we. did not know And widow's cries and orphan's moans, telling of ever since we arrived a week ago. ; The four daughters in company of Dr. that it was not one of the mission headtheir woes, Arise in clouds like incense float on the heavy ; Ralph Richards, Thad. Hammond and Elder quarters, and she did. air to White are Buss here over a the in tell I Chapel, glad to have Barnes boys gone yoti And darken e'en as night clouds, the scene so this morning. I wanted to write to you and see us and come and have a meal at our passing fair. The young hotel with us, and we are much delighted V this is my only opportunity. iv. men are coming hack to dinner, and then we to have them. House to church God bless you, Sister Wells, my husband A Watchman guards thy fortress, what says he are all going tp the Mission of the night? . this evening, where we will hear Brother and daughters joinwith me in kind regards, v Dp inky clouds lower, shutting out the noon day Hammond speak, and President Rushton Excuse my long ?nd disconnected letter for ' light? y see and talk to the I simply could not write, less. Must nations ever rise and fall 'mid their armies has arranged for me to ' sisters. slain? Affectionately, When will the Great Messiah begin his promised . We are having a most instructive and inr J. P. M. Farnsworth. r reign: teresting trip. Cook's men have prepared Serene . o tj J ' j our course of travel , arranged our eight see-- , And reaches wide as all the world, lovely JDeseret. One smiles upon thy future, e'en like thy sacred ing with a competent guide, our hotels, and Cicely Hamilton and Marion Holmes will in fact every thing for our comfort and past, v o ershadowing with his watch care,' and ever. it benefit. ' edit in England a new penny weekly paper 'V x will last., While in Dublin we were taken for a drive devoted to woman suffrage. It will be the Then shine thou on in splendor, where stern the ' mountains rise, all over the city, and we were at Lord AlTer- - organ of the Women's Freedom League. ' . . arch-episcop- non-conformit- n, al Lake-distri- ct n y. e . ' , . - x-'x . . ' ; ' - . " - ; ; ; ;. ' -- . . - fZ 7-'- v 