W7 tfrrX.ll WW T9l A I ' nenalM in.the:had,-- ? the Vomu of Vol. 0 SALT LAKEXITY, CONTENTS. . Stake Preeidents of ifelief Societv ". .Annie Wells Cannon A Tarty and Banquet .'Kiiza Duckwalter ::i Obituary and Resolutions of Respect : Kesolutiong .) In Memoriani of Maria Wealthy .Richards Wilcox j;. b. v; Ideal. A Dream..... Louisa (iray Relief Society Stake Reports: Kmery Liberty XeboDneida "North Weber Women of the Nineteenth Century Sarepta K. Cowles Keep the Sabbath Day Holy Caroline C. R. Wells :v:t Lavender .Kthel Webling 40 10 Notes and News ' KdiUrial: The New Year, VM) :i; Poetry: A Stradivarius Violin ....May Riley Smith Daffodils Martha T. Tyler .J."! Good Night Ruth M. Fox V j ( f ! i . -. A STRADIVARIUS VIOLIN The music of this ancient violin Is haunted as men's chambers sometimes' are. Along the liquid ladder of each bar Thantoms of pleasure dance; regret steals in, With happier ghosts, and l ate hervheel doth spin, Torn butterflies of hope a breath did mar Here flutter, like a llame within a star. And if thou wouldst, O soul, nepenthe win, Pause not be-if.ii portal, leH hou The voice of thy dead sorrow whispering near! For every passion that thy life liath known-Angu- ish" benumbed, and love thou thought'st de hr flown Among these peerless octaves veiled, wait To speak tothee across the etringed gate. May Riley Smith. DAFFODILS. What marvel that dear Wordsworth sings The glory of the daffodils? I've found them, too, by lonely springs, In many a hollow of the hills, And something of that pleasure known The mountain minstrel makes his own-In meadows which the March wind seeks To look for April, they are born. They loved them much, the golden Greeks, The poet heroes of the davn, Transplanting to, immortal fields The fairest flower that Nature yields. And surely 'tis a joy supreme When early throstles pipe and call And the pale, kindly skies redeem The greening earth from winter's thrall, Tameet by pool; or tinkling rill, The first, finev fragile daffodil! I love them for the olden time, For some sweet vision faint and dim, Of large delights and deeds sublime- I love tb.em.for the love of him Who sang among the English hills The glory of the daffodils. Martha T. Tyler. ! over each etake of Zion, and undertheee the pregidencios, teachers and members con-- ' stituting the ward Inasmueh :is the membership of the Relief Society 'b vome- thing like ;."3;()()0, the remarkably systematic nature of its work will be evident from the statement that the general president is kept at alf times in perfect touch with the win. ous charities and operations of each branch society, no matter how small or how remote ". , it may be. There are "!) stakes of Zion and each of these, as stated, has Tin organization of the society. It is the president in each of these stakes who is the "medium between the local workers and the general ollicers. All instructions for the conduct of the work are communicated to through her, and the work done by the members is likewise reported by her. It will be seen, therefore, that these stake presidents must needs be very busy women in directing the affairs of all the different wards 'over which they the-member- j j ociety-workers, -S- first-name- d s e in relieving want." A large part of Granite stake, like Jordan, is rural; but there is also a large part thickly settled by renters and people of unstable incomes those who work hard when work is to be had but depend lrrgely on the condition of the times for their employment. The Society in. this stake is presided over by'Mrs. Kmma S. Woodruff and thejabors of the organization are many and varied. Some of the most interesting conferences of women held in the Church are held in Granite stake, and splendid efforts are being made to educate the women along the lines preside and in making personal visits, not only to the watds, but also to the homes of the people. Some of them travel during the 3'ear many. miles over dreadful roads in order to make these visits, while others have the of Church history and biography. Clothing convenience of railway trains or street cars; is gathered in large quantities, and a work but whether their stakes be scattered or comdepartment renovates and makes over garpact, it is their duty to be personally acments to be given out to the poor in the r all with work and the all the quainted stake. their supervision, to know all the The Liberty stake Society is presided'over conditions or th'epedp!e, rt;(l to be able to by Mrs. Annie S. Musser, and it consists of outline such policy and direct such labor as Among other things undereight wards. the circumstances of their people seem to taken by this organization is helping the require. poor in their temple work, those who have It will be apparent that the organizations not. the time and means for genealogical research and subsequent work for the dead, having the most work to perform in a charity sense are those located in and near the being assisted by the Society. A certain day larger cities. Salt Lake, Oden, etc. In fact once a month is given by the women for the 'first Relief Society stake organization of temple work for the poor, and thus the bles-- " stake the Church was that of the Weber sings and ordinances for the dead have been with where Mrs, Jane S. Richards presided and are being bestowed upon hundreds, of the people through the labors of these good women. untiring zeal for the welfare affairs the Besides for 31 years. overseeing Like the Society in other parts of this city, in wards that large stake, the poor they "have always with them, and of the many of homes to hundreds she personally visited they are found ever ready to extend a helphome own to her took and alleviate sullering ing hand and give comfort to those who and provided for thex immediate wants of need. Their average annual disbursement countless transients and wayfarers. Her re for charity b about $1,000, but their ministrations in distress cannot be' counted in sidence in Ogden was so near the railway ' station that she never had to look far for opdollars and cents. A unique work done in. portunity4 to "give relief. She only retired, this stake is in the direction of an employIn each ward, some ment bureau for girls. from her arduous work when Weber stake woman ;has anolrtce desk where she takes was recently subdivided and new organizashe had. the names of girls desiring work and the ; tions were formed and this when years in the namesof places wheregirls can find suitable ' reached the glorious age of 86 ' employment; the Society in this way retaincycle of life. ing a supervision and watchcare, to some The original Salt Lake stake Relief SocieleasCover the working girls.. This ty was presided over 27 years by that most, extent at Isa-admirable plan is still in embryo, but it-i- s worthy and benevolent woman, Mary certain to be the means of accomplishing bella Home, whose name will ever be remuch good. vered among the women of Zion for the wise .Mrs. Annie Wells Cannon presides over counsel,- her tender ministrations to the sick xThe peoand those who were called to mourn, and the Pioneer stake Relief Society. of the for the wonderful skill ahdrudence with ple residing in this slake are largely which she directed the charity and business laboring clas3, there being few. of wealth The bcletd is tributes o the poor: affairs' of the association under her charge. like $1 ,'300 in charity; It was under: the direction of Mrs. .Home annually something this amount ia col that the class of Relief Society Nurses was and when one reflects thatthe teachers in their wHV Dr T7rv.rrf? ar instructor lected almost .entirely by to and Mrs. W. W. Riter as superintendent, the regular visits from house house.andgatner- ucmsuras irom mse who nc hpina " tl tn nrnvide framed heln- for ed in small work-unde- . ' v - SOME BUSY WOMEN OF THE CHURCH. . and-man- The organization of the wornen of the Latter-daSaints known as the Relief Society is operated on the general lines of organization in the Church namely, a presidency and board of directors at the head, with a presidency and curps. of assistants , y the needy sick instead of relying altogether on the Relief who already had so much to do. Out of that part of the vineyard ever which Mrs! Home presided with euch signal ability, six stakes have since been created Jordan, (Jranite, Liberty, Pioneer, Salt Lake and Ensign. The stake Relief Society of the is presided over by Mrs. Hildah H. Lareen. Composed mostly of a farming community, the people generally, while not rich, are not poor;, iind the labors of the Society are directed more to taking-carof the sick than, y. - S TAKE PRESIDENTS jOF RELIEF SOCIETY- the Natio ,e No. . .' .- W.'rt W, LTAH, JANUARY, VMl so-iet- - 'W CM ,hOhl :.,.,o4?l 1 puiuuv J- C- . y . 