Sister Hyde ' was fend of travel and after accomplishments to prepare them for tht v her r. marriage hadopportunities to visit .exigencies oMife. v many of the JWest, ifcpthw n even before she had commenced a public born to them, all stilt living, four boys, career; these trips of course, gave her and four.girls, Alonzo E. Orson Jr., Hyde, broader views and enlightenment upon hisJohn Hyde, Harold and Gordon Hyde, the tory of cities and;countries and the topics of two last are away filling missions, one in the times,' and also widened her horizon. Great Britain, the other, in the Sandwich She went abroad with her husband in Vltc uums ure ijuura, now lirs. 1895, and traveled in England, her father's Joseph F. Merrill;) (Mrs. A. J. native land, and in Scotland (her mother's Ridges) Beatrice, (Mrs.Edna, Rollin W. Dole) and native home) also visited France, she was a Miss Jean Hyde. Sister Hyde also leaves good' observer and was able to converse in thirteen grandchildren. telligently of the most interesting, attract During her illness of several months she ive and historical scenes and places, and of has displayed faith, courage and endurance the beautiful in nature, as well aff art. The almost beyond belief; to only most celebrated cities, London, Paris and the inevitable;..' in this she surrendering manifested her Edinburgh, she thoroughly enjoyed and great strength of character and power to do . .m.- large..TU'anu leV-dre- xuv cnoirpang me glorious nymn,. Abide With Me' and Elder Seymour B. Young reau a iew lines irom a poem and pro- nounced the benediction. In the long line of carriages that followed the remains of the deceased to the cemetery, besides thoee'eontaining the family and relatives, there were four carriages filled with the officers and board of the General Relief Society, and the big Utah in which were some Of the .Daughters of tfm Pioneers, about thirty. At the grave the choir sang "Rest on the hillside, rest," and sister Hyde's brother,. John W. Taylor, dedicated her last resting place. -- could describe entertainindv. and th battle with the enemy of all flesh. heard her speak in the 'Reapers" after her She has finished, her work and ber sufferreturn home, were delighted with the graph ings are over, and she has gone to a haven SOCIAL HALL PARTIES. ic- description that she gave of the wonders of of rest and peace. It may well be said of her the old world. "Her children rise up and call her blessed, Thursday, February 9, 1009, the Social Her first call to public duty after her her husband also and he praiseth her." Hall, built at an early date, 1853, as a place Sister Annie Taylor Hyde passed peacemarriage, was when she was selected as of amusement and recreition by President counselor to sister Hannah T. King Presiat her beautiful home opposite Young and his coadjutors, was reopened fully away dent of the Y. L. M. I. A. of the Seventeenth the Temple in this city, on Friday, March and rededicated for similar purposes'as.had ward; she was at that time a young mother, 12, at 2:10 p. m.; her husband and children been deiigned in the distant past. and in 1896 she was chosen by President were at her bedside, bowed in deepest grief, TheG enealogical Society of ladies had inM. Isabella Home to be first counselor in sorrow and mourning. terceded persistently with brethren in authorthe Relief Society in the Salt Lake Stake, The funeral of Sister Hyde was held in the ity in the Church, and finally succeeded in then including all Salt Lake County. Salt Lake Assembly Hall.Tuesday March, 12, getting the hall renovated-anmade (suit In November 1901 when the General at 12 M. The services were conducted by Bishable for a gathering place for aid society Relief Society was reorganized after the deop F, S. Tingej of the Seventeeuth Ward, and and others. The Presiding Bishop and his mise of its President, Zina D. H. Young, present on the stand were Presidents John Counselors rendered valuable assistance to she was elected First Counselor to the new R. Winder and Anthon H. Lund, Elders F. the sisters whose untiring energy and efforts President, Sister Bathsbeba W. Smith, and M. Lyman, H. J. Grant, Hymm M. and ultimately culminated in a series of enjoyretained this position at the time she passed George A. Smith, of the Apostles. The able parties. The first one given was by the First Presistand and organ were draped in white, and away. picture of the deceased hung in dency of the Church and the invited guests April 11, 1901, she called together a few a of of the daughters of the pioneers and effected front The floral offerings were mostly those who were familiar with the organ. the events, and incidents connected with an organization on that day, the anniversary were very lovely; and many of them delifrom dear ones, this notable structure in its palmy days. of her mother's birthday; she was elected cate and fragrant gifts President and afterwards given the title of they quite covered the elegant white casket After the banquet, which was a sumptuous Founder-Genera- l' one, served in the commodious dining room, of the Daughters of the and also the lower part of the stand. The opening hpmn rendered by the Tem downstairs; where many noble men and Tioneers, a prosperous society which has its headquarters in the historic Lion House. ple choir was "O, my Father," and President womerihad been feasted royally in days During the period of time Sister Hyde has Nephi L. Morris of the Salt Lake Stake gone by, and many equal in merit surroundneid omce m the uenerai Keiiei society as offered the prayer. Sister Lizzie Thomas ed the hospitable tables on the present occaFirst Counselor, she has visited Conferences Edward sang exquisitely Who are these sion. The floral table decorations were very beautiful and fragrant, and a genial in nearlv all of the Stakes of Zion, and arrayed in white." The speakers were Elder J. Golden Kimspirit of good fellowship prevailed. many of the missions, where there are ball who referred to her many virtues and Leaving the tables the goodly company branches of the Relief Society, and has berepaired to the upper room and platform come well known to the members, who will brave endurance of trial, etc. Sister Alice Merrill Home, who paid a where a sort of. program was given, Presimourn her loss to the society at large, and to the sisters personally, who have very glowing tribute to her memory also her dent Joseph F. Smith, master of ceremonies, noble character as a woman and a Saint, who called upon Presiding Bishop C. W. gratefully appreciated her teachings and inNibley to offer the dedicatory prayer, which structions, as also her smiling face, arid and to her untiring devotion and profound was sublimely eloquent, dive's band was cheerful countenance, wherever she met with knowledge of Relief Society work. President Bathsheba W. Smith rejoiced in attendance and rendered beautiful music. them, or wherever she journeyed, whether in the belief that she had gone in peace and re After singing a hymn, President Joseph F. the' ways were rough or smooth. explanations in regard to Sister Annie T. Hyde has also represented ferred to her integrity and faithfulness, said Smith made some and trje energy of occasion the Relief Society in . the Triennial of the she knew she would miss her in the Relief the auspicious the sisters who had been instrumental in National Council of Women of the United Society. t Charles R. Pike sang, 1 know that my bringing about this change jm the hall; comStates in Washington, and expected to be in mended their efforts to restore the house so of attendance as a speaker in the Quinquennial Redeemer Liveth," a favorite hymn Sister full of memories of a bygone period; his reof the International Council of the Women "Heyde's. Elder F. M. Lyman read from the Book marks were poetical and he spoke with of the world to be held in Toronto, Canada, great feeling and tenderness Of those who Of Doctrine and Covenants, referring to the in June, 1909. where there had been the founders of early efforts in culShe' has been appointed on important condition of those who die,of even faith "manifest. ture and enjoyment for the people, who had committees in the National Council, and has been great exercise She had done to struggle in building and making habitable has held other positions of honor and trust. He said her time had come, well. Said it was and beautiful the waste places. Referred She has been one of the bait Late iem-pl- e her work and done it when their work wtth great deference and tenderness to Brig-haworkers for a number of years and gave proper that all should go -l "a! Young and, his associates in helping x. oi inel meeting tne oi done. was joys Spoke Informavaluable service in the Bureau of the Saints to have suitable recreatlocnand s bless tion. She possessed in a marked degree on the other side, and invoked bad enjoyment as well as labor. . on the family. V, ing , iue quanues oi leauciDuip. v President Smith called upon a few of the ne couia saia K. Winder John President was recognized In her own. household she on the other brethren: to give brief reminiscenses; those father her standing devoted imagine most and as the sweetest tendere3t with outstretched arms to wel- - who had been familiarly conversant with the side waiting her from obedience of, mothers, yet requiring a variety of entertainnnrna his daughter, wbo had been a good theatres," balls and frflinfid in the ofEipnfW vijaiiviiuii. iv U.KJ ncib viuwvuwj 'Saint. He ments that had been given in this unpretenr,A faithful Latter-daneediui all and principles of the Gospel, ! and her sister Sophm tious edifice, sacred, too, because of. those Annie remembered and the well as graces home instructions, as . - - . d . life-size- d . . 4 m ,- - r- ' ! . ; y 