WOMAN'S EXPONENT. , 01 9 iion'ahd legislation to relieve herefrom the disable which work are in the they have undertaken uch which oppress ner sex ana 'drive many fatherdied leaving my moth"er""a (wittow ask to perform. only for what they of them into ways of living that bring disThey again. '.My home was very comfortable; I aster to the commonwealth, as well, as ruiri could take the Elders home at any time deem to be simple justice.:, They demand to herself., There is no argument used and leave them with the family, as I had to for women the same rights to vote as1 are accorded to men; equal 'pay for equal work reagainst giving the suffrage to women that go to work early in the morning and I knew to df with cannot be turned to act with squal force they would be well cared for, as my mother sex, representation go gardless of a laws enactment Voicein Jhe taxation,-would never allow bad rumors told in the upon a large number of men. to are The which they required obey. They point Saints. She told equality of the sexes before the law home about the Latter-dain and been has. made of matters religion has been recogn- us that we should'not tell anything we did to the greatj)rogre6s that ized of the in the towards upliftirig theory and in practice by. the Latter-- , not know to be true, and we, could not alwomenthrough ellorts of the promoters of the Woman Sufday Saints, or "Mormons" as they are generways depend on rumor and that home ought of such the removal called. as In the Church both sexes stand to be the happiest place on earth. Some many ally frage cause', disabilities under which women labored.noL on an equality in voting upon all measures time after I joined the Church I became acSince.that movement berelating to ecclesiastical affairs. This has quainted with a young man by the name of many years ago. been part of the discipline of the Church John II. Rich and our acquaintance soon gan, the right to hold property once denied from its very beginning. As early as 1870, ripened into courtship and in 1852 1 became to marriedwomen had been obtained, prohis wife; we were married in the Church of fessions once entirely closed to women have the ballot was given to women in the TerriWe left our been opened to them. These opportunities tory of Utah. When Utah became a State England, in January, 1853. in the American Union, her constitution home and turned our faces Zionward being for female labor and independence are increasing, and the conviction is fast taking provided for equal political rights to women the only ones of our families that were in hold of the minds of thinking people that with men. In this Utah has been a pattern the Church. We left Liverpool on the fifth the ballot should be an equal right to women to surrounding States and has afforded a of February on the ship Jersey; KlderGeorge most complete refutation of the fallacy so Halliday was our president. We arrived in i to men. The peculiar reasoning that opponents of generally accepted that in Utah women were New Orleans in March being six weeks and . three days on the sea; we went from New woman suffrage use when they put women in bondage to men. Orleans The march of civilization cannot be turned forward to solicit votes and to employ all up the Mississippi River to St. Louis the tactics and methods peculiar to political backward. It is moving with steady strides. and stayed there two months. My husband Proofs that the predicted evils to follow went to work while we were there to help movements, was exposed in a striking manner by spe'akers at the congress, and it does woman suffrage are fallacious are afforded get our living and also to get things for bur seem rather singular that political leaders by actual facts in the countries and states journey across the plains; many inducements and applicants for popular favor are willing, where equal suffrage has prevailed for many were held out to us to try and get us to stop to put women forward as political wire-puyears, but prejudice dies hard and none are there; but we had started for the gathering, lers and canvassers, doing trie same work in so blind as those who will not see. l et, all .place of the Saints. We went from St. Louis election schemes and tactic3 as men do, and error must eventually. give way to mighty up the Mississippi River to Council Bluffs; 1 shall never forget how the boat grated on yet vehemently decry their right or privilege truth; and the principle of justice will graduto vote themselves while engaged in getting ally bring forth the right and woman will the river bed; and we camped at Kanesville start. The votes for others. The arguments stand by the side of man, his companion in till the company was ready to name was Moses Dalev; while there against woman suffrage that have been used all things, sharing with him every right and captains for many decades are still put forth as privilege and honor and dignity which he a dear sister met. with an accident and lost her it was shot off by her husband who though they were of some weight, when they can lawfully hold and use, for the common had foot, been out hunting and was showing the have been met and exploded with such force good and the uplifting of enlightened humanboys in camp how he lost his game; he pulC.W. P. that it would seem they would never be re: ity. led the wrong trigger and shot his' wife in vived again; such as that women cannot serve as soldiers therefore they should not INCIDENTS IN THE LIFE OF LYD1A POND the leg; she was getting her baby to sleep at the time; but' there was not much sleep in be allowed to vote; the man is the head of -- RICH. .. camp tJiatnight;Jt was quite a trial for us the 'family therefore the woman does not to leave her; there was an alrahgement made I was bom October the 9th, 1834, at need the vote, the family is the unit of the as she was able for her to come on, state and the head represents the family, Whitestraw, Wiltshire, England, and am as soon the daughter of Thomas and Ann Garrett but she went back to St. Louis with her etc., etc. and they came to Utah the next The same reasoning would shut out the Pond who were of humble birth but strictly husband, children the same; year and lived in the city for a while, her majority of men from the ballot. There are honest and taught their name was Emily Halliday. millions of men not suitable for soldiers or my father died when I was about eight years In June we started on our journey across old leaving my mother with seven children. for policemen, or for other offices or posiIn a few the plains, August 24th, I gave birth to a tions. If the head of the family is sufficient I being the youngest of them. to a baby boy, we named him Franklin John; to represent the family, then the unmarried years my mother was married again name of Isaac Pernell and we we were at that time at what was called the the man moththe by and well the as as daughters sons, Black Hills; the company stayed over one moved to his home in Trowbridge, a manuer, need not and ought not to have the sufmake some of the day for me; we arrived in Salt Lake City, frage. The truth is that in a representative facturing little town; they September 29, 1853. cloth that is made in England. government the individual is the unit of the" best woolen wen to work in one of these A few days after we came in, a brother state, and the same principle by which the After awhile I firm of Potter and Thurston came to our wagon and offered us male when of age is entitled to the ballot factory's belonging to the a home for the winter at his house if my firm that my grandwould bestow it also upon the female when Heywood, the same worked for, they husband would work for our board which he had and parents parents similar other qualificaof age or iiaving any others to help them agreed to do; we lived in with the family till and weavers were kept the are These citizen. among tions as a April the following year; when we moved the weaving' was done in the facwhen and and brains of used women by arguments a log cabin that we haa used as our tory bv machinery the old faithful ones still into culture in the great gathering of the Interbedroom during the winter; it was about fifthe and home at theirs have to continued national Alliance, and they are set forth with no floor or window, children if they had any that were old teen feet square attacks violent without calmly, rationally, but it was?the best they could do for they to Work in the factory had the privicomforce enough with and male the sex, It was yet of their own. upon of "going and working at the power had a large family determinalege a and conviction from settled bread; 1 ing was one of that number; it was there I learned to make and I looms, tion to succeed. Saints. also learned to make, butter while there. of the Latter-daheard first I there remuneration The right of women to equal went to their Sister Thurston was very kind to u,s and so and myself Another girl young is it men to when. for labor with that given and we enjoyed were all of the family. In August, 1854, we little a for pastime meeting 'with a also.maintained uerformed is l J -- i TITO ..Ua rtirn moved to the settlement or fort as it was uj iterymucn-anoYJiunbiased to an 1 conviction Win W, o.arripR convinced of its truth; called; my husband was working days work thoroughly became of alleviation for the Lord blessed U3 in our mind, and the need November 1850we went down into for our living and the 'distresseo! aind oppressed female laborers in a girl six- labors and we got us a home,' it was a log I was. of only waters baptism; the various capacities forms one of the reasons ;to the house, we bought it of Brother Lyman Porter belonged My parents teen balyearsoldr' advanced why woman should have the on my and weT were thankful: to be in our. own to had I so depend Church, conof Baptist was lot. With it she becomes a person he never has forsaken house; in Jarmary, 1855,- another son and heaven in Father r and bom to us, James Thomas. The following sequence to the me. of and can exercise a force in the Idirection . , -- y -- i l- so-call- ed , salt-risin- g y . as-we- ll 1 1 " ' - ;. office-seeke- office-hold- er 