Woman s Exponent:, EMMELJNE WELLS. Editor and Puimnr li Jedediah, and Holland, married an English Knight, the Rachel Grant, named Ileber sue was left a wid 1st, 1856. Jjzu?:?atber opposed the marriage because on December became off, but she had her babe, a child of prom inferior rank.-aiinewand everlasting covevery bliW whtn he ascertained the marriage isfe, irrn'in'.lh'e had been consummated.? The yosng peo- nant of marriage."" Her wealthy relatives, in the East enple fearjng his power, to separate them in their own country, came; to America, and it treated her to return to them and she would is said established the Shreve family in thb be amply provided for with no struggle for but like a veritable Saint country. Its members have been conspicu- herself audjchild; ous in" "the history of New Jersey, and indetd she refused all such offers, prefe'.Sifter Racael - is one of. the descendants. rring to make. hr own way among those to Sister Grant, whoe maiden naineTWas whom ehe was more etrongly attached than Rachel Ridgeway Ivim wa3 the daughter of the kindred, who were not believers in her Caleb Ivins (whose! grandmother was a faith. Sister Rachel Grant " prospered in all her Shreve) and of Edith Ridgeway; hU wife. Their home was in the state of New Jersey, endeavors and always had friendg among where little Rachel was born, March 7, the people, who were proud of her integrity Her father was a merchant, though and her devotion to her religion. She was 152J. living upon a farm with a beautiful orchard an excellent seamstress and an economist, in which also grew chestnut, hickory and although she had been reared in luxury; ehe walnut trees; he owned besides his own adapted herself to conditions and her home store, a gristmill and sawmill. Caleb Ivins was always a pattern of neatness, and one was greatly beloved and was Christened by would scarcely believe she earned her living his neighbors, ".The good Samaritan.""- His by her needle, or by keeping boarders. During those days when her son Heber wife, report says, was a lovely, spirited woman, and both Mr. and Mrs. Ivins be- war a little boy ehe often entertained in the longed to the Quakers or the Society of most hospitable way her friends and someAfterwards Mrs. Ivins joined the times very distinguished guests, and in her Friends. own quaint way quoting again from Mrs. Baptist Church. Rachel Ivins was bnt six years of age Talmage's article "They loved to come and when her father died, and her mother three I loved to have them and ofttimear Heber and I would live on very scanty fare that years afterwards. These sad events changed the home life we might have the greater pleasure'of proof the family; the children were separated, viding sommething good to share with our Rachel went to Trenton, New Jersty to the friends." It has been our privilege to know Aunt home of her cousin, Joshua Wright, where she remained until eighteen jears of age. Rachel a3 we call her intimately ever since It wa3 in this home she learned the arts of the organization of the Relief Society in the thirteenth ward in this city. She was chosen housewifery though her relatives remonstrated, saying, "such work belonged to the President in April, 1868, and filled the posiShe herself said, as quoted in tion with great credit and dignity for thirty-fiv- e servants Si3ter TalmageV article, 'I could see the years. Her first Counselors were Annie hand of the Lord in this shortly after com- T. Godbe and Margaret T. Mitchell, when ing to Utah and having to assume such Mrs. Godbe was released Sister Bathsheba W. Smith was selected to fill the vacancy; practical responsibilities." Sometime after Miss Ivins went to live in and subsequently when Sister Mitchell's Hornerstown, New Jersey, with an uncle, husband was called on a mission to the Richard Ridgeway, whose wife had died, Sandwich Islands and to take his family,Sister and it was during her stay there she first Mitchell was released and Sister Lydia Ann heard the Gospel. She has qaite frequently Wells was chosen to fill the vacancy, this was told the story of how "after being induced in 1873. to go and hear the Elders preach, she went In 18S2 Sister Bathsheba W. Smith moved home and prayed that the Lord would for- from her home in the Historian's Office to Sister 'Lydia Ann give her for doing so wicked a thing on the the seventeenth ward. Wells wa3 set afart as First Counselor and Sabbath day." notwithshe to continued Sister Louisa K. Spencer was chosen Second However go "declared minister Counselor; with these Counselors and other standing the Baptist that if she did not cease she must give up officers, teachers and members of the Soher seat in the church." ; ciety over which Sister Grant presided, there Becoming thoroughly convinced of the was a strong bond of affection uniting them truth of the Gospel ehe braved the opposi- together due largely to the leadership and tion of relatives and friends and became a executive ability of the presiding officers,, member of the Church of Jesus Christ of who were all of them women of energy and Latter day Saints, and in 1842 went to zeal as well as faith in the Gospel. Nauvbol with some of her cousins of the Sister Grant was all her life associated Ivins family, who built a handsome home with the foremost women in the. Church; near the banks of the Mississippi river, and Sisters Eliza R.Snow, Zina D. H. Young and who were true friends to the Prophet Joseph. Bathsheba W. Smith with others, too many Miss Ivins then became well acquainted ,to mention here, were her constant com with jthe Prophet Joseph and his associates, I panions. When these sisters began to travel passing through' the trying and thrilling ex- among the sisters outside of Salt Lake City, periences of the Nauvoo persecutions, cul- Sister Rachel Grant was one selecteoto aid minating finally in the terrible tragedy of in this work.. She was a woman of mighty the martyrdom of the Prophet and Patri- faith and possessed of unusual power in adarch, Joseph and Hy ram Smith. v ministering to the sick and afflicted. these sorrowful Sifiter Grant's serenity of mind and patient Subsequently following events the4vhif family-we- nt backT to"Nw endurance under all circumstances was marJ ersey, Sister Rachel r accompanying them. velous; for many years 8e had been afflictIn 1853, August 10, Miss Rachel Ivins ed with deafness possibly the result of quinzy came to Salt has lived here or severe throat trouble, yet" she uttered no ever since. In November. 1855, she was complaint, although she realized to an al- married to Jedediaji Morgan Grant and xmot painful degree-thembarrassment of November 22, 1856, a son was bom to Sister- the difficulty, as' well as the disadvantage . : d , , extra f r rrfl r.e jr Locr . Jaadaf day, tieept Atl'inoi all baits'. Street: B-- 25 r. ;r tnozl. tX frn,.I0 r.- ' "'Mr. E. .' i.t-- rl ererr to- - . B. WELLS, ALT LS KKiertd at tU.Peit Offiez in aVff S-iL- A t 5 p. r.i.. a- - eosiatRaiat:;s ' - T-- t tine ?.:); - if-- t Lake City, Utah. .'fY, VtAH. s C?y. I 'a I. April, LV MEMORIAM. HACIIEL jaiXiEWAY IVINS '.KAXT- - ' Weep not that her toils are over, weep no: that her race is run, God grant we nxay rest as calmly, when our work like hers is done! Till then we would yield with gladness, our treasures for him to keep. And rejoice in the sweet assurance, He giveth His loved ones sleep. So He callsvthem in from their labors ere the shadows aronnd them creep, And gllently watching o'er them, He giveth His . loved ones sleep' A beautiful old age is faithfully depicted in thelife of Sister Rachel Grant who passed away very early in the morning of January 26, 1009, at the residence of Elder George J. Cannon in this city, where she had been living for some years past" willrher "granddaughter, Lutie Grant Cannon. Sister Grant was herself an ideal home-makin every sense of the word." Her very presence was restful, and her own home in the Thirteenth ward where she re sided for many long years, had the bracing atmosphere of real home life. Sister Grant may have inherited this distinctive attribute from her Dutch ancestry, and it is also a characteristic of the Quakers': or Friends, and Sister Rachel really had the air, the tone and mannerism of the Quakers. , The writer has a faint remembrance, of Miss Ivins as she first saw her in Nauvoo. She a3 dressed in silk, with a handsome lace collar or fichu, and an elegant shawl over herhoulders, and a long white lace veil tbrdwVback over her simple straw bonnet She carried an elaborate feather fan, and now in thinking of fans , we recall the fascination of that fan, ons could easily dis cern the subdued Quaker pride in her method of using it. The poem, Grandmother's Fan would be an appropriate one for her many grands er ' Ar- daughters. .' Years after first seeing her in Nauvoo, when she came to the valley in 1853, and we became intimately acquainted she was ' still the same fastidious, bom Quaker Elder Ileber J. Grant may well be proud of his grand and noble ' mother and of her antecedents. Her forefathers and ; fore-bothe- rs the article by May exceptionally Booth Talmage, published in the Young 1903,-shJournal gives some points concerning the ancestry of Sister Rachel Grant. One of these the daugh- ter of-- wealthy nobleman"of "Amsterdam; well-writte- n in-April- f, a e " . Lake-City-an- d e - 