31 ....... & ; '6men of 11 ah should CONTENTS. , . I'AGK Hate the Liquor Traffic.. Autobiography.: 17 Wliy I 17 10 In Meinoriam Bingham Sevier IMitorial: Belief Society Conference Ileminiscences '- -'1 back, for the palsied hands it gives to toil; for its wounds to genius, for the tragedies of I hate it for the huits man wrecks it has caused. I hale it for the s it peoples, for the prisons it fills', for the insanity it begets, for the countless graves in potter's fields. . It hate it for the mental ruin- it imposes upon its victims, for its spiritual blight, for its moral degradationI hate it for the I hearts it has broken. hate it for the malfias ice it planted in the hearts of men for its poison, for its bitterness for the dead sea fruit with which it starves their souls. I hate it for the grief it causes womanhood the scalding tears, the hopes deferred, the strangled aspirations, its burden of want and care. Ihate.it tor its heartless cruelty to the aged, the .infirm and the helpless; for the shadow it throws upon the lives of children, for its monstrous injustice to blameless little ones. I hate' it as virtue hates vice, as truth hates error, as righteousness hates sin, as justice hates wrongs liberty hates tyranny, as freedom hates oppression. I hate it as Abraham Lincoln hated slavery. And us he sometimes saw in prophetic vision, the end of slavery and the coming of the time when'the sun should shine and the rain should fall upon no slave in all the republic, so I sometimes seem to see the end of this ui.holy traffic,- the coming of the time when, if it does not wholly cease to be, it shall find no safe habitation anywhere Glory's" stainless flag. might-have-heen- s. - !: 24 - - IX) -- 0 WORLD OF FAIR WOlhN. The Golden legacy, My mother had no gold to share, Nor land nor herd nor merchandise, (My brother has her silken hair, Myfister has her azure eyes!) To me she left no comeliness That to the face or form belong, I do possess The blessed heritage of song! Hut oh, oue gift Long, long ago, in'cradle days, Her sweet voice would my heart beguile, When I could nothing do but gaze Into the heaven of her smile! learned the songs in" later years, And with her sang them o'er and o'er, Oh. memory, thy lute and tears " " VJ I'l , Editorial Note, ' 21 Chronicle of the Belief .Society-- IV i'oetry: World of Fair Women... Lippincott'e 17 1!) .'.. Ellis B. Shipp Kchoes ... Must meet and mingle evermore! - 'Twas "Hush, my Babe" as fades the light I hear her softly, sweetly croon-T- hen er "Alton-Wat"Sti'lly Night," be-neathO- ld "0 Sanctissima" and "Silver Moon." She sang them with such tender art The art that only mothers know And tied the tunes around my heart. Else it had broken long ago! AUTOBIOGRAPHY. iJFE Speech by Governor Hanley before the Indiana Republican Convention, April 1908. I have seen so much of the evils of the liquor traffic in the last, four years, so much of its economic waste, so much of its physical ruin, so much of its mental blight; bo; much of its tears and heartache, that I have come to regard the business as one that must be held and con- -. trolled by strong and effective laws. I bear no malice towards those engaged in the business, but I hate the traffic. I hate its .every phase. I hate it for its intolerance. I hale it for its arrogance. I hate it for its I hate it for its cant and' craft hypocrisy. and false pretense. I hate it for its commercialism. I hate it for its greed and avarice. I hate it for its sordid love of gain at any price. ; I hate it for its domination in politics. I hate it for its corrupting influence in civic affairs. I hate it for its incessant effort to debauch the suffrage of the country; for the cowards it makes of publio men. I hate it for its utter disregard of law. I hate it for its ruthless trampling of the solemn compacts of ' state constitutions. I hate it for the load it straps to labor's AND TRAVELS OF NANCY M. TRACY. . Hie Nation.- - No. 3. testimony of and there is nothing but truth in this statement and I think it is in place to mention it in my narrative.Brother Joseph Smith, the Prophet, had a gathering place for the Saints in Kirtland, Ohio, where the Saints were beginning to gather and had begun to build a Temple as they had been commanded in the spring of 1835;. we felt that we with one or two others in the branch would like to gather to this place, consequently began making preparations to go to Kirtland. We had visited Herkimer Co. in the winter fori felt to leave my testimony to my grandfather's house before leaving for the west; for I felt I was leaving them forever"; there had never been an Elder in that part of the state, so my relatives knew nothing of Mormonism; they" were glad to see me; but would not listen to the message we had to give them, so we bade them adieu, and went home to prepare for our journey west. We had a fine span of horses and new wagon, so w made up our minds to go by team, the distance was some over 400 miles; we took a light load and had money to bear our expenses; one of my husband's cousins, Philinda Colvin, was going with us.' The time had now come for us to bid farewell to all our relatives, and friends although they predicted that we would soon return again; but it will be seen that in this they were mistaken. - We made the distance of 400 miles in 11 days, we had a pleasant journey, only camped in the wagon two nights on the road, but instead called for our meals and lodging at the hotel we had not as yet learned to deprive our- little-di- d --we realize selves of comfort-an- d what we would have to endure for the Gospel's sake, I think it was somewhere near the first of June, we got to Kirtland; we went to meeting on Sunday, it was held the Temple walls; the roof was partly on, the Prophet Joseph was on the stand; he addressed the Saints that day; I never will forget with what satisfaction I sat and listened to the teachings of an inspired man of God.. . . My husband rented a room of Brother Lyr man Sherman, and we moved into it; every thing was new to us, and hard to get settled and commence anew to keep house, employment was hard to get; but we got along yery well, sometimes my husband would get work with his team which made our living; sometimes he worked on the Temple, the work on that house was progressing and it was intended to be finished during the fall in the and winter; so it could be dedicated ' v spring. In October 24th, my second son was born; when he was two months old, we made a feast. Brother Harry Brown and wife united with us and we were to receive our patriarchal blessings under the hands of father Joseph Smith. We invited until the house was full, partook of refreshments and wine , received our blessings and had instructions from some of the Twelve Apostles , that were present; and it was a feast to our souls; this was in the winter; in the spring the Temple was finished and dedicated; the dedication lasted two days and they were happy days too, for the Spirit of God rested on the house v 1 - . . . in-ei- (Continuation from page lb) A young girl about 20 years of age, Emily Fuller, was staying for ;i few days at HATE THE LIQUOR TRAFFIC. Personally , ' Lippincott's. 1 j Power to letter the Home, the State and he a alms-houee- International Council of Women........ .....Maria M. OgHvie Gordon Relief Society Stake Reports: Woodruff. Capsia Liberty Yelloweton- e- Nebo... WHY ).', SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER, 1909, Vol. 3S. I ' ,. The. Ballot in the .hands of the, t v.. 1 . . Brother Homer Blakesley's, our presiding Elder's house; she was taken violently ill and kept on getting worse until finally she went into convulsions; she was a good Latter-daSaint but it seemed the evil one was determined to destroy her; Brother Blakesley had gone away to fill an appointment 18 miles from home; there was not an Elder within 14 miles; at last this Elder Thomas Dutcher was sent for to come and administer to this girl; it had now been hours since she was taken about twenty-fou- r ill, every thing that could be done for her was done b.ut of no avail; the evil spirit raved in cramping her body. She was in this state when Brother Dutcher came; he immediately repaired to a room alone and prayed mighty for faith and strength in God that he might have power to rebuke the and when he came out and went into the room to her. bedside he laid hte hands upon her head and with the authority of a man ciotnea upon wuu me nyim aim Fww v of the Priesthood of God commanded her to arise and be made whole from that moment; she obeyed and arose although very, weak; she called for water to wash' and a comb to arrange her hair and was indeed healed; she became well. Thisfact I bear y ples-troje- r; , -- -- 1 de -- ' ; 