1 WOMAN'S EXPONENT." -- 1- Tf' V in1 cnlervlfir. and erandeuf. of appearances may also have the appreciation of these puDiic higher and more artutic homes ana all the in that and sml .Ptmctures. .,HfirP3 I'ublisher and EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor innovations that make for the beautifying of ASXIE WELLS CAXXOX. Atsistant Editor this fair, city, they of the. present and tne future may hold in the same tender reverence, Woman's Exponent une PiiKlinh.! monthly in Salt Lake Cit copy-on- e y,r,-H.fo)-;xe No reduction made lorelubs. I'tah. Terras: cepy.ninJ t'ity paper f delm-rvJL- y mall, extra for postage one yar, 2$ ct. Advertising rates: Each square, ten line ofl A apateone time t2.rJi per mouih; f3.0O.. discount to regular advertisers. South Temp le Exponent office Room DOT Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. tn., every day, eieepi Sunday. Address all business coniKiunKatins to . Mrs. E. B. WELLS. non-part- e! Salt La OLD MEMORIES. far-fame- To those who came here in the early day?, and have seen comparatively all the houses in Salt Lake City built, and have been fame iliar with the places and their occupants and in a way known their history, to watch great changes made, even in the way of progress, awakens many recollections of a past that is full of historic data and rich with tender sentiment. To our people the very ground round about the northern centre of the city near the Temple seems alm t acred, and it is not to be wondered at. either, when taken into consideration how the Saints came here and the peculiar circumstances surrounding the people; the arrival of the pioneers and establishing landmarks and the almost more emarkableioTirriey of -- men, women-- aniL children following after and settling in a desert and the wonderful events transpiring from. time to time, especially the hand of the Lord made manifest in the preservation of their lives and the material prosperity which came to them and the gathering together of a great people from many nations, all these things and many more that come to mind, when old familiar buildings are removed to make room for other modern and more substantial structures, bring back in memory's vista scenes and incidents of, that beautiful past, when those we cherished as the servants of the Lord to lead and gtiide his pebple and to hold in trust and inkeep-inas it were, the treasures of the earth or its bounties the tithing of tl e Saints. When the old tithing office torn down. watching ' the Deseret ftews building makes one very sentimental to. say the least. Looking out from the. windows of facing th$ corner where the work of tearing down the buildings that have stood on the southwest corner of the block one who has seen these old places in the course of construction, can call up "moving pictures" of the men who figured conspicuously in public matters; and recall such scenes and events as strike deep at the fountains of feeling in the human heart, and fancy -clear and strong, that one might almost believe that each memory picture was a real vision. However one ardent wish nervades the soul of the writer, that the generation now living in the midst of the newer methods and improvements of strengthzand desirability in material and in use, to promote comfort ease old-tim- -- -- g - - the,-Templeto- . Isobu - "Historical Tales" is the title of a unique s set of books prepared for use as for the Angelus University Course in the history of the world's greatest nations, and yet, they are so charmingly told and so tastefully bound that they will form a handsome addition to any ones library. , The set consists of 23 books, each volume trThTstorical incidentsrof thendiffe rent nations: American, English, French, e "The Romance German, and the of Reality' Veo aptly describes them as to Jeave little to explain. The Tales are some of them "old as the hills" but the style of telling them is so delightful that they seem to be something new and read more like fiction than fact. I. S. B. text-book- for hichildrenthat thoFeloLui who belong to the primitive period of tbe settlement of this city have cherished in our hearts and souls for the cruder and ruder early beginnings. ? in the tent One .might better live in a wilderness than to loe that tender that is so helpful to human life, and more especially that gratitude to our Heavenly Father for the daily blessings Whatever vouchsafed to all his children. comes of wealth, and splendor to this people, remember much is due to those, who came AN IMPORTANT GATHERING OF VOMEN. early and turned the soil, and planted and Millennial Star, April 29, 1909. huilded and established homes lad institutions and beautified as best they could this During the present week an important West. the of "Mecca" now congress has been holding daily sessions at St. James Hall, Gt. Portland Street, London. Two hundred delegates from twenty-on- e the different countries are gathered-iONE MORE IN HEAVEN. quinquennial council of the International REBECCA E. LITTLE Woman Suffrage Alliance. This is not to Death during the few months past has b confounded with the movement popularly claimed among its victims some of the known as the cause of the Suffragettes. That brightest and most useful of the Workers in is an independent organization of a militant the Relief Society. Another notable name character, being neither a part of nor enmust now be added to the long list recorded. dorsed or opposed by the International orOur readers are all aware of the demise of ganization which has been holding its sesThe ladies in Sister Rebecca Ellen Mantle Little, whose sions this week in London. very recent passing away is fresh in our charge of the meetings of the Alliance are minds today, and one scarce knows what to highly educated, earnest, devoted, well trainsay. There is much to tell, and in our next ed in parliamentary usages and able to set issue we will have a tribute to her life and forth their views in a logical and interesting works that will give our readers an idea of manner. They do not resort to extremes, the woman as we knew her. Sister Little was nor fall into the ways of the militant women an exceptionallysuperior woman in many who have made such a stir country respects, one who stood for the highest and by violating police regulations and exposing best ideals in the home and in public life, themselves to the penalties of the law. and in all the departments of knowledge The Alliance moves upon legitimate and and educational work and of business and lawful lines, and its influence is therefore affairs; she had the sterling qualities of spreading throughout the civilized world. It the Scotch race from which she descended, is presided over by Mrs. Carrie Chapman-Cat- t, and of which lineage she was very proud; who on Monday last delivered a most she was generous in her soul and in her remarkable address, speaking extemporanecharacter. ously and. without notes for an hour, mak:The glowing and eloquent tributes paid ing herself distinctly heard in clear, musical to her by President Nephi L. Morris and tones which reached to every part of the Prof. James E. Talmage at her funeral, as a great building. The chair was occupied by scholarly woman and one who forged ahead Mrs. Henry Fawcett, LL.D., and a number in educational attainments bore proof of her of distinguished women took prominent meetings and in, the standing in the community where she was parts in born and had always lived. great demonstration held m the Royal Albert Bishop Frank PJatte alsospoke of her de- Hall. The four States in the American Union votion "and faithful performance of duties as in which woman suffrage has been estabSaint, which was a very fitting lished, viz.. Wyoming. Utah. Idaho and Co 4a Latter-daand appropriate closing to the career of one lorado, also Australia. New Zealand, Fin who had been born and reared in the Church, land and Norway were represented, and the for which her parents had sacrificed home Isle of Man eame-i- n for its share of represen and native land. The floral offerings in tation, the speaker for that rock m the sea great abundance were significant of the being Mr. Armitage Rigby. love and esteem of her many friends, the Utah s delegates received recognition in J of white roses given by the General all the courtesies of the occasion, Dr. Romabasket Relief Society, was a testimonial, so to nia B. Penrose being appointed by the Wospeak of the whiteness and purity of her life man's National Relief Society, of which Mrs. and the sacred bond which linked her to Bathsheba W. Smith is president; Mrs. Nel- the basketrof lilier of ther lie" C; Taylor by the Young "Ladies National plentitude of gifts of mercy and charity, M. I. Association, of which Mrs. Martha H. tender tokens that speak to the human Tino-pis nrpsirlpnf' onrl ihe orlifnr nf t.hft Lc to-th- lenti-mentali- .May, YJifJ. Lake City, Utah. - 1 sub-titl- Sakt LakiCitv, Utah. Entered at the Pott Office in Salt Like City, as teeond elan matter. v th( nl.ire.q erected on the ground consecrated 'DITORIAL NOTE. n ty d n 'I in-th- e . the-busin- ess y , and the-Societyp- v v " , c . v 1 'So by scattered ruins, ;By sweet links unbound By fair blossoms all unheeded Trampled on the ground, So He brings them home to Him, Where no cloud their joy can dim. " i Association , - y' -- of which Mrs. Emily S. Rich- ards is. president. - The proceedings have been conducted withr the best of order, yet with enthusiasm and vigor. 1 The speakers have evinced a determina- -' 