WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 44 l&Z It will of Americabe foj the invA rnnfTi?ftnr in the man who. sranus ai the head of the greatest interests of this land of the free of which witn greai pnae EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher Americans boast. Confidence and faith in ANNIE WELLS CANNON Atshtdnt Editor." the integrity and magnanimity of the great leader helps tho nation, as it helps m any : Terms Utah. Cit Lake Published monTbijrlo'Sait y, cause of giamnitude. , one copy od year, 1$.00; one copy ix month, 50 eta. ' It was asigjMiant omen of good when No reduction made for clubs. City 4?lKere(t by s Mrs. Taft rode to the White House with her mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. of the PreAdvertising rates: Each square, ten lines husband after the inauguration and . . 3.C0. liberal A i one time month, 12.50; per space sident stepped into the Executive Mansion discount to regular advertisers.' first ? Exponent office Room 507 Tenipleton, South Temple with a woman on his arm; it was the Street: Business hours frcra 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every occasion of such an incident, and it is a sign . day, except Sunday. of. the times, and yet why should it seem Address all business communications to strange wljen.the centuries passed have wit Mr. E. H. WELLS, sover ' Salt Lake Citv, Utah. nessed the coronation of many women eigns in their own right. Entered at the Pott Office in Salt Jtke City, Lah Worn an's Ex pm well-bein- g ' , ;; non-pari- el , : : at teeond rlasi mutter. Salt Lake City, Utah. March, IN MEMORIAM. 1901). ANNIE TAYLOR HYDE. RELIEF SOEIETY .CONFERENCE. We speak of the dear ones who have gone from among the living as having passed to the beyond." We know not juat how to express these things, and seemingly we try. The April Conference of the General Relief Society will be held in Salt Lake City, Assembly Hall, Friday and Saturday April 2 and 3, 1 909; meetings commencing at 10 more or less in vain, to understand the mystery of what we all term death. a. m. and 1 p. m. It is hard .for those sorely trie'd to be com Saturday morning at 10 o'clock, an officer's meeting well be held in the Fourteenth forted with the assurances of faith and hope inand after all only time can soften-th- e ward, at which all stake officers of the Society, who can are expected to be present. tense grief of an aching heart, bereft of the nearest and dearest, and yet one Saturday afternooc at 2 will be the closing meeting of the conference. It is desired must believe all is well. that there should be a representation from "Beyond life's trials and cares, every.stake organization and a large attendIts hopes and joys, its miseries and sorrows, ance of members. Its steepless nights, its days of smiles and tears, life "unmarked by years, Will be a long, The General Authorities of the Church and One bright, unending morrow. officers-anmembers of the Y L. M. I. A. and Primary associations are cordially inBeyond time's troubled stream, vited to be present at the three conference Beyond the chilling waves of death's dark river, Hall. in the Assembly meetings Beyond life's lowering clouds and fitful gleams, - - Friend 8 come with love and tenderness in but what does it avail? buch deep wound9 take time to heal, sometimes one thinks 'twere better not to .speak, and yet that, too, is cruel, and so we do our best to show our love by kindly deeds, and sympathetic demonstrations, to wipe away the tears of those who mourn; the way is dark to them, as they, are blinded by tears, yet there is a strong arm near to lean upon, a Guide who never forsakes His own, his chosen ones, He hears the cry of all who call on Him and he will keep watch and ward. There is a great comfort in being near our dear ones in the last trying hours, sometimes even that is not possible, to feel that we have done all in our power to alleviate pain, -- ministering with sweet words and tenderness such a3 only loving hearts can render, these blessings were given to Sister Hyde in the long, tedious days and nights of her lingering illness." Only those whose love was surpassingly pure and uplifting were near her; what a boon of comfort it must have been, and she knew that hund-dred- s of her friends were praying for her recovery; praying she might live to accomplish all she desired. But death came and set his seal upon her brow, and human efforts were, in vain .to stay his hand. And so finally she passed peacefully away. "O sweet is the slumber wherewith the King Hath caused the weary to rest! For sleeping they hear the angels sing, They lean on the Master's breast. Sister Annie Taylor Hyde was an excep tionally bright and gifted and progressive woman, she had in her girlhood all the advantages of a liberal education that the schools and the Deseret University could give at that period of time, and her hom life gave her rare opportunities. Her father. Its dark realities and brighter dreams President John Tavlor, was a man of cul A beautiful forever. ture and scholarly attainments and took great pains with his children?' education, No aching hearts are there her mother, Sister Jane Ballantyne Taylor No forms by sickness wasted,' No cheek grown pale by penury or care; was a genuine Scotch gentlewoman in its No spirits crushed beneath the woes they bear, true and best sense, and therefore Annie had No sighs for bliss untasted. the excellent training in girlhood to prepare her for the position of wife and mother, and No sad farewell is heard, No lonely wail for loving ones departed, to step forward into the world of affairs, and No dark remorse is there o'er memories stirred, do an excellent public work. She had also No smile of scorn; no harsh or cruel word every advantage of religious training possiTo grieve the ble in the early days. One might say she No long, dark night is there, was thoroughly equipped for the mission No light from sun or silvery moon is given; c:iven her later in public life, by early asso But Christ, the Lamb of God alf bright and ciation and discipline. She commenced as " fair, a teacher ir Sunday School at thirteen, and Illumes the city with effulgence rare, The glorions light of heaven! afterwards taught for some time a private school in connection with her sister, Sophia No mortal eye hath seen Taylor Nuttall, and she had the best social The glories of that land beyond the river Its crystal lakes, its fields of living green, advantages the city of Salt Lake afforded flowers and the unchanging sheen in those days. Occasionally she accompan Its fadeless . Around the throne forever. ied her father on his preaching tours through different parts of the. state and this gave her Ear hath jiot heard the song Of rapturous praisewithin the eternal portal, a wide experience among the people in var No heart of man hath dreamed what joys be-- ious localities. inner v Annie Taylor was born in Salt .Lake City To that redeemed and blood- - washed happy J October 21, 1849 and was ' married to tnrong, . U1 glorious and immortal." Alonzo ErHyde. on the 15th of December. set d Bathsheba V. Smith, General President. Ida Smoot Dusenberry. . Counselor. THE NEW PRESIDENT. Out of the multitudinous events that have recently transpired and occur from day to day it is difficult to select the most important, and one feels as if one line about each But in the would fill volumes of space. United States during the present month of March 1909 there has taken place one event of paramount significance to the people of The inauguration of this great Republic. the new President Wm. H. Taft whom all Republicans and doubtless many Democrats seem to recognize as the best representative for that position of all the people of this country,' except may be a few who still.seem to regret Theodore Roosevelt would not run for a third term. . The writer is not familiar enough with ther public affairs of this great work of administration of the President and Cabinet to give an Opinion, but judging from those who do 'know' a great deal of the business of this mighty nation we may look for. wisdom justice and prudence in the management of broken-hearte- d. " '' - . This poem seems to be particularly suited by her father Apostle John Taylor. t f tiaT to those who 'mourn the soeiety of the most oil l h a American people in, these days of momen- beloved a mother. There is no recompense neatness and skilled housewifery,and she detous problems and magnificent triumphs the in this life except the thought of the greater veloped the best and truest characteristics of world oyer: in advancement along the lines happiness of the higher life for the departed. motherhood in its fullest sense. Sister What words are there however tender that . of higher achievement .with infinitely greater can soothe the pain that comesto those-bere- ft furnishing and adornment of hei home, she forces of nature, and the elements" that are of the dearest being - on the earth, for loved beautiful things in. nature and in art, to be made the important factors in revolu- there is no one like a mother and no love and was especiaally fond of flowers, partic- ' Mother-Lovworld of the activlike and tionizing thought ularly delicate roses. crra xf& Treat i rrfcft ho f nfif ttrY e. , . v , 