WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 7, 'ay, nut unkind, hut merciful h death, Hi- - folds our tired hands, stills e'en our breath I le lavs ns fucidlv on our mother's breast Who sings sweet Jullabyes of heavenly reM. Good night, good night. .. " - v - At-- GOOD NIGHT. - f- - ministrations among the Saints there are ! reaches the "other side."'' -- Tliduekis ul- r hut few remaining. . miss" her here,, and the sislers who officiate Sister' Maria Wealthy. Richards was in the Temple mo?t of all perhaps except horn, so to speak, anion-t- he Berk-hir- e hills her immediate family. in the old Bay State: rnnny of the great men M;e died on Wednesday evening, January and women of .the world' boast of coming 1?. 1909. full of faith and good works and from that celebrated locality, and a number with a full assurance of an abundant of illustrious' day Saints, the Hichards tranrr into the celestial kingdom, for she had and Spencer families and' .other?. Miss teen faithful and true to all her covenants' Hichards was born in Richmond. BerL-hireand had accepted every principle pertaining Co., .Massachusetts, June 17, lS27,'her par to exaltation. as revealed through the Prophet ents were Phmehas. Hqwe. cousin of Brig-haof the fx)rd; and had received all the Young, and Wealthy Dewey Richards. blessi.ngs pertaining t'o an exaltaThey were of the early Puritan?, and proud tion hereafter. of that descent. Sister Wilcox was PuriSister Wilcox's funeral. was held in the tanical in manner, in habits possessing all Assembly Hall in the ward w here she the very best qualities of that noble origin. and the house was crowded with her rela Her father's family, including herself, be- tives and friends. Bishop Klias Woodruff came converts to the "Mormon" faith and pre?ided and Prof. C. J. Thomas f nd the moved to Nauvoo. Illinois, in the Temple choir furnished tarred music,- the daughter, Maria, had received a good com- Hymns were "Pnveil thy bosom, faithful mon school education and taught school tomb' and "Farewell all earthly honors," herself when fifteen., yesrs of age. and tbe following solos were beautifully ren-- , On Dec. 10, lSgMiss Biehards wa dered: "Sometime we will understand," by married- to Walter Eli Wilcox, who was Miss Kdith Grant: "Fare to Face." by Mr?, born in Dorchester, Mass., adjoining Boston. Lizzie Thomas Kdward; and ' Love DiAfter the marriage Mr. and Mrs. Wilcox, vine," by Mrs. George Q Morri?. The opening went to St. Louis Mo., to reside and from prayer was by Klder Bodney C. Badger and tint city emigrated to City, with the speakers were Bishop George Komney. Presitlent John B. Winder. President Anthon a large company of Saints in ox teams, arIL Lund. President Bathsheha W. Smith riving in the valley in September, 1852. Sister Wilcox endured the hardships of and Sister Emfneline B. Wells, who reprethat three months' journey across the plains sented the General Belief Society. The.clos-inwith that same heroic fortitude that she prayer wis offered by Klder Adolph Madsen. has manifested throughout her whole life. Tlie beautiful white casket was literally Sister Wilcox has always been a busy womar, possessing: the best characteristics covered with the most delicate tlowersm of a wife and mother and a model every conceivable design. The Belief Soshe was orderly, industrious, eeon- - ciety of the Fourteenth Ward took charge of The pall omicsl and thrifty, and neatness personified the tlowers in the "Big Utah.0 bearers were the four sons and two eldest, in herself and in her horde "and surroundHer sons are. ings; fond of flowers, and especially ro.ses grandsons of Sister Wilcox. which she always raised in abundance. We George A.. Charles F., Franklin A., and KdT can never forget her gifts of roses, from her ward K. Wilcox;, grandsons Walter Arnold, and Stevenson Wilcox. A large cortege folown garden. A sweet "and dainty poem written by Buth lowed the remains to the grave where Elder Horace Gumming dedicated tlie grave. M.. Fox on her eightieth birthday, calling Sister Wilcox was the mother of nine chilher "A June Bose," is very applicable to these ex- dren, one son died a few years ago and four her life and the poem closes-witsons and four daughters survive her and a . quisite lines: large number of grandchildren and great"To a rose fully blown grandchildren. We do honor today, Sister Wilcox was only severely ill three of exquisite neatness, hounded and full-- corolla of sweetness: days, having attended the tabernacle serOid rose, we w ill call it for sake of completers vices as usual oil Sunday, January 10; she drives-ols A life of age away. was most exemplary in all her religious duties. The twilight is passing . j I : i -- L-att- No clamoring din to mar our well No fitfnl dreams from which tot-tar- t earned sleep; and weep in tasks accomplished close our. ryes Wifh joy And gently drift away to paradise God nipht, good nigh:. -f " How beautiful to watch the sunset fade, I'rink in the glory of the purpling shade, ' re.-ide- d, Without regret behold the darkness grow The light is almostf gone, the lire burns low Good night, good night. -- M. Jir-T- Fox. 1S-P- to the late Maria Wilcox. Iik-crib-ed RESOLUTIONS. MAKIA WEALTHY HICHARDS WIUOX. eery trust, Whereas the poor have lost a benevolent sister, the distressed a comforter, baring always carried with her a sweet spirit, which was Telt by those she met, be it Resolved, that we, the members of the Relief Society Condone with the family in the loss of a noble wife a loving mother.and considerate sister, . be it - Salt-Lak- e g home-make- r; Resolved that these resolutions be tiled in the minutes of the Fourteenth Ward Relief Society, Salt Lake City, and a copy be sent to the family. r Rida C. Tavlor, 1 Nellie D Woodruff, Committee. Louisa F. Brown, k Sarah C. Folsom, . . IN MEMORIAM. h 31AKIA WEALTHY RICHARDS WILCOX.: "No sighs are heard in the shadowy place No voices of them that weep; They have fought the fight and finished the race, God giveth them rest in sleep. ' a , well-doin- "Are they dreaming, the sleepers pale and still, For their faces are rapt and calm. ' As though they were treading the Holy Hill, Dear friends gone before Are calling, soft falling! The petals are falling, falling fast falling But the way is not long, nor dark, nor appalling The're roses bloom ever to w ither no more." And hearkening the angel's psalm," 1 In recording the departure of those we have been intimately associated with to a higher life beyond, we often fail not only in satisfying their immediate- relatives and friends, but in expressing our own senti- ments. It has- falleri to mj? lot, many times to write notices of ray friends, and I Have oinetimes thought will tnere be any left of - " VvrTII UJV .1 udc muse iI Kuewjitveajiy wuujiiuuuuu; felt this veryvdeeply in the. demise of Sister WilnYi VnrTTiflnv vpars we have met ea ch' other inWeet converse," as J t were daily, and as I eit here writing, I almost feelT might look up arid see her coming in the door, but alas. noi We shall not meet - ' ; - Whereas our Father in heaven has seen tit to call from us our beloved President, Sister Maria W. VVilcoxyw bom we shall greatly miss for her many terlingtpialities, and one who was true to . ordin-nces-an- m 1 - I I n i a emetut-ve- i who have left U3 for that "Betterlarid' from again-tm- -i. i1riwxu-jj.xucMf- jj '' - , our view. v- .Sister Wilcox rtas one of those who knew : x- . .. his teachins and could bear testimony of Of those him and of his divine mission. who knew the prophet and could testify of his "wonderful personality and .powerful . The complete poem' was published in rthe June number of this paper 1007. Sister Wilcox was an active member of the Belief Society from its inception here, and was elected Corresponding Secretary of the Belief Society of Salt Lake Stake in December lS77,when the stake was organized, and continued tOrfill that office and to visit in the various wards of the stake until the rlivisinm of . the stake in 1903, although in ' 1899 she was chosen President of the Belief Society in the Fourteenth Vard in this city whinh nosition she held at the time ofier ffRo hae hren onft orthworkeT-of- 4k the Salt Lake Temple ever since it. was. for ordinancesn May 1893, and has - seldom been absent. She hi s also officiated fnr vprv manv of her. kindred, who had pas sed away without the knowledge of the cKtfwill without doubt be welcomed i ZU gladness by them, when she ' wlih I -" . rno-nAr- l to "Better than earthly presence e'en the dearest, Is the great blessing that onr partings bring; For in the loneliest moments God is nearest, And from our sorrows heavenly comforts spring, If God be with us.." Good-bv- good-bye- e, , with latest breath we say it, faith, and love; cannot must long delay it come,we Parting But one in Him, we hope to meet above, If God be with us- - A legacv of hope, and E. B. W. The California suffragists have opened legislative headquarters at Sacramento, and the" New" York suffragists .at Albany, and there are other State suffrage headquarters National Headquarters at Warren, ()., where a vast amount of business is done, and the for newly opened "one in Washington, D.C., Congressional work. ' But Boston can boast of the oldest suffrage headquarters' in the a country, maintained in that city without break for nearly forty years. Ex. -- d 