WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 14 -- 1 Tiave charge of divisions and esteem, emblems" oFpurity arvf devotion .fiubdmion8; all. harmoniously working for irom me many inenus oi lue.iaiuuy. On the Stand were Presidents 'Joeeph.F: the best good in the given Society, and for Smith and John IUWinder, with other bad-- , the betterment of the united whole. Much of the information heeded is given ing brethren including Hon. W. W. Riter. The opening hymn was sung by the 17th by correspondence, and through the Woman's ward choir; Lizzie, Thomas Edward leading Exponent, a paper devoted to women and Soprano, taking part in singing "When first to the work pf this Society in particular. It the glorious light of truth," etc. Prayer was is the oldest woman's paper in the Rocky Mountain region established in June 1872. offered by Seymour B. Young. Women missionaries visit annually under Prof. Fred C. Graham sang in sympathetic the direction of the President, and attend voice "Sometime, We'll Understand." Hon. W.W. Riter epoke in very eulogistic conferences held at designated places tit a termsof the many delightful qualities of the stated time. These missionaries are inde- been greatly heToved by her co-labore- rs. ,j.;bmvao Laura" H. Miner was a valuable member of the Board of Directors of the General Relief Society for aboutseven or eight years, " "continuitg on the Board sometime after eie moved to Logan, although it was inconvenient for her to attend meetings. She was also a member of the Reaper's Social and was with us at .the first mteting when the name was decided upon and colors weie chosen, and took part in the literary and social exercises. 8 i ster Miner w as a brilliant conv e r s a t i o n alist, a rare quality in women, a great reader deceased and of her staunch and intense fatigable in their efforts, often encountering ene was a writer oi faith in the principles of the Gospel. many difficulties, giving freely of their lime and good story-tellemerit of both prose and poetry although President John R. Winder spoke briefly and ability with zeal and devotion in the of her faith, her purity of life and devotion work of uplifting humanity; not only in she only occasionally allowed anything writShe was i and her creat works. to appear in print. ten by public speaking, but in special instruction, woman of culture and fine manners, and of President Joseph F. Smith, who had to women, who have not had the larger opbroad mind and liberal views, genuine and known her from his childhood snoke of her portunities of gaining knowledge and educattrue to the heart's core; a woman with whom with much depth of feeling, and also of her ion," sometimes not even special home train it was uplifting to haveocial intercourse, highly esteemed mother whom he had ing: and fitted to shine in any place at home or known even more intimately, and preached We maintain thatmothers need heln out a thrilling discourse on the Gospel of life side of their own circle; a sort of developabroad LaUra Marinda Hyde was the daughter of and salvation. ment that reaches their inner consciousness Sisters Edward and Winder sang "Who and causes an awakening, leading into larger Apostle Orson Hyde, one of the first Quorum of Apostles of the early days of the Church, are these arrayed in wbite." Benediction i. fields of interest and thought, as well as and of Marinda N. Johnson Hyde One of the was offered by Elder Duncan McAllister and bringing them into closer relations with real most distinguished women of her time; with the Casket was borne from the hall followed life; always uplifting in its tendency, cheerthe environment of such a home in early by her relatives and friends to its last resting ing the spirit, and etrengthering the body, ' life, she had advantages in education and place on the hillside. life's burdens 'easier by affiliation . making home training that carefully prepared her The writer has known Laura Hyde Miner and union of purpose in many directions in for wife and motherhood, even though during from thedays of Nauvoo until now, lived very neighborhoods and groups', withal teaching . those early years of her girlhood the Latter-da- y near her for years on the Whitney corner, the practicality of the saying of the Savior, Saints were not in circumstances to afand has always held her very dear as com- "Love thy neighbor as thyself." ford higher education for their children, beOur work is large indeed, covering a vast panion, and friend. ing driven hither and thither, until they area of country, requiring other language! reached these mountain vales. to be spoken, and the knowledge of human ' TRIENNIAL REPORT OF THE NATIONAL Laura was the eldest daughter of her paaffairs in the realm of woman's kingdom, rents and was born in Kirtland, Ohio, May WOMAN'S RELIEF SOCIETY. and an expansion of mind and soul, heart 21, 1837, she was married to Aurelius Miner and brain to the highest excellence of attainMadam President, Officers and Members of since known as Judge, then a rising ment within the range of woman's possibilijoung the National Council of Women of the ties. , lawyer fresh from college, May 30, 1859, a very beautiful and accomplished young .... i United States; c arc uungeu 10 aeai to in generalities cirL aathft writer wpII rpmrnhfrs: idea an of our methods of work for the give Her children now living, (the first born, a Dear Friends; advancement of those who are out of "the The National Woman's Belief Society schools," so boy, died in infancy) are Dr. David O.Miner designated, but have entered' of Nephi, Utah; Laura Elvira, wife of John with headquarters in Salt Lake City, Utah, tne highest school of the world, The Home. McDonald. Jr., of this city; Lavilla, wife of had its origin in the City of Nauvoo, 111., at Home life, parenthood, the problem that Wallace Fenton; another son, Frederick a called meeting of a few progressive women if solved by the loftiest and grandest aims William Miner, Miss Alice Winnefred Miner, held in the Masonic Hall,eighteen in number, and motives would bring to pass, the most Lillian, wife of Bert'Slusser; Florence, wife the President of this magnificent Society is civilization of communities and of Alvin D. Thompson; Idala, the youngest, the only Hying member of that small but perfect countries, revolutionizing society, and there- - ' now the wife of J. E. Shepherd. memorable beginning on the seventeenth of by establishing the broadest philanthropy Sister Miner leaves beside her own chilMarch 1842, sixty-seve- n years ago. It was the world has ever known, " dren six daughters and two sons; thirteen christened then and there by that select com But however we may idealize our Society i. ran nrVin r rhwil i. w I.... pany, i he Kehef Society, and much charit- the work mustbe done loss to them for she was a most affectionate able work was done there by physical, mental, those first during mother deep down in her very nature; years- - Since that auuviues, in an tne the Society has avenues thatopminai time, lead to usefulnesf and adaptamotherly to many besides her very own, who spread abroad until we can truthfully there say, must be bility; also feel keenly her great loss. facilities; houses, halls, the sun never sets upon this organization.' machinery, storehouses, libraries, and willHer own brothers and sisters now living, The Society stands for the broadest fundahearts and hands for the accomplishment ing children of Orson and Marinda Ifyde are mental of charity and philanprinciples of the various purposes undertaken. Emily Hyde Chase, very well known-a- nd thropy. It has reached nearly all civilized The Relief Society School of Nurses under greatly admired in her palmy days, Alonzo, lands upon the two continents, and has the immediate direction of the E. Hyde, and Zina Hyde Bull, all of this general Socimany branches "upon .the islands of the sea. ety .with a woman Frank Hyde the eldest son died re- , City. physician as Instructor, Enumerating the countries we can include aided by lectures from and Delia other eelebrated med cently Hyde Ellis, an uncommonthe United States, Mexico and .Canada, men ana women has been a ial ly brilliant woman, who died not long ago: facacross the Atlantic England; Scotland, Ire tor in our charitable work, and wasgrand with children and grandchildren there are land ana Wales,, Norway, Sweden and Denfully exlast years' annual report. This plained living, quite a large number of Marinda mark with some of the ad jacent islands, and school has Johnson Hyde 8 posterity. graduated hundreds of nurses, " very recently the land of the midnight sun. wno 1 have nasRfifl -n rirrJi The funeral services of this excellent Other &v cAaiijiuauuu ana European countries a woman were held in the Seventeenth ward gone out among the people under the direcSwitzerland, Greece, Holland-and- . .. , Turkey, nknnol J Tl tion of the Superintendent of Nurses who K.uai uu i ziuisuay August rj,-.a- t 4 p. m., Belgium; aiso Australia, New Tasmania, takes conducted by Bishop F. S. Tingey. The hall charge of them after, graduation. Zealand, South Africa,. Sandwich Islands was oeautiiully draped in white, by the Re During this last year the Society has apand Samoa thus it is evident the is Society nei society, of which Sister Marinda Hyde International as well as. National in scope propriated about one thousand dollars to" was President from iU organization until her and character. All are included under the purchase hneh and material desired for use death. The platform was banked with lovely Genera Gl0Ye8 HosPital in this City, ' President and staff of officers, who TJ il flowers and the casket in front covefed' with articles have been cut and made bok after the entire Society, but by flowers rare and delicate tokens of love and necessarily tewomen of the Society thferft are freely a a labor many Presidents with their local - : -- r; hr r , T-- . 1 -- . . . .. t T 