.. f r' "'.' 20 "'. " . "v OMAN 'J? 'EXPO . Y ad' territory of Iowa ly unprepared for such' an' emergency "and Morning." were without the necessary clothing, bed President Address. ding or food, and were obliged to encamp on the Western shore of the Mississippi and it Greeting, some" few-hatents, Grnrral Secretary Ktnmel'me IS. Wellf. was the rainy season; and the had some larger numwagon boxes, Mary E. Hardy, . Representative ber had only rough posts driven in the Taylor Stake, Canada. ground and covered with quilts or piecea of violin, Willard Writhe, I'rof. Music. carpet for shelter; many were sick, with Prof. J. Jr McClfdlan, piano. child-re- n widows with chills and AUtant Editor. AX ME' WELLS CAXXOX. i Sail I'uh. Term: l.ak- - ity. it M...mU, U) .U. ropy one y:ir. !.); n 1 1V No r.vlurti..ii .'ii.&.l.' furrlul.s. City .jmt d. Iivin-otn- ) r, '.' mail, xtra postal rut.-sAlvTrti-nu- r Karh qiap-, t n IIikh of nn-.ar1.00. A lib. ral s'.hn. om- tin..- ?2..V); rjv r.m- - fr - Jr ji"iffrtisT.s. ilicmifit to P");ti!nr Kxi'onknt i.flie ooiu'07 hour from Str t: Buirn-sIny, rvpt Sunday. Ad'ln- m-n- t!,, h. hi. to H Salt (1.1 ; j. in., vry Lakk L'ntri.rf nkthe Post Oftcr in SiU ."iTnK'l rln tmittfr. rrv, rui. t I City. h-i- - VM). ski-tkmhk- Semi-Annua- 7, VMt meetings commencing 10 a. m. and at 2 p., as usual. 1 r s ! ! " fever, young Lord and Ilia the Poem hv Annie Tike ireenWood, no and protector, except Cannon Read byAnnie angels. of the General Hoard. The authorities of the Church, who had left in the exodus in February, had piom-iseChoice of Friends, Martha H. Tingey, President to send back teams to bring them from of the Y. L. M. I. A. Nauvoo, knowing the venom of the mob, and teams were sent as soon as it could be Necrgriity of Hygienic and Sanitary Conditions governaccomplished. Meantime the U. for the Home and the State, from five hundred men fur asked lr. Martha Hughes Cannon. ment had the company who had left Nauvoo in midA Plea for business methods in house keeping, winter, and this had very seriously weakRepresentative of Ogden Stake. d ened the force of men; but those Lo minutes Reserved. who were waiting for a way of deliverance Singing, "Ioology." were mostly women and children, such men who had as were in any way Prayer. been left to guard and protect .the rights L Oct. 7, p.m. Thursday, and property of the people, had now to defend the city, after removing the women and Singing, ' Lord Thou Wilt Hear Me When IPrav." children to a place of safety from harm Praver. and violence, and of this there was the most nvrrl:lre EdnaCY.rav positive need, for the entmy was ready to ( .ieneral Relief Society. for the organist burn and destroy the city without mercy. Pleading of the "Hymn of the Pioneers" It was at this critical time that the Lord Kate Thomas, Blanche Thomas McKee. made manifest His watch-car- e to keep them from want and starvation. Report of Quinquennial Congress of the. International Council of Women at Toronto, CaThe quails came flying overhead in flocks, nada, and were so tame they alighted upon the Kmilv S. Richards of the (ieneral Board. ground or the cover of their rude shelters, Lizzie T. Edward. whatever they might be, so that the sick Eolo, Selected, of the National Counones could reach out their hands and take Report of the Triennial cil of Women at Seattle, them, and there was food to keep them Elizabeth S. Wicox of the (ieneral Board. from hunger until they could be taken in conveyances and carried towards the land Report of Uigby, Snowflake andJJintah Stakes) of their expectations, safe from their Solo, 'The Lord Is My Light," Francis Allitsen, Irma Pendleton. persecutors. Many of them died hy the way, ere they Our Place in the World today, Annie K. Hardy of Ensign Stake. reached the place of safety from their enemies. The story is too pitiful to be told of Closing Remarks, those who died by the wayside, stricken so General Treasurer Clarissa S. Williams. utterly before aid could reach them. We Till You Meet With Again." Hymn,"GodBe It was at this crisis in the affairs of the "God be with you till we meet again Mormon people that Squire Wells of NauBy His counsels guide uphold you voo, an alderman of the city, at that time, With His sheep securely fold you and holding a commission in the militia of God be with you till we meet again." that state, laid down his arms when they Benediction. could not be used in defence of helpless women and children, and espoused the cause of the people so maligned and sacrificing his good name among his REMIN'SCE CE5. former associates, and what was even more are some episodes connected with than that, his wife and There only son for the Church history in the pilgrimages of our peo- cause of rfght, in which he had implicit beare that ple rarely mentioned, and yet they lief. have great significance a3 historical facts,, He knew the Prophet Smith intiand some of them are really miracles, as mately and sympathized Joseph with him from the much so as those recorded in the ancient time he came from Missouri with his followscriptures, and yet many of our people have ers, and settled in Commerce, afterwards never heard of these remarkable instances Nauvoo; he esteemed him highly, and had manifested in the hour of great need. plead his case on various occasions, At the time of the exodus from Nauvoo, when he had been falsely accused, because he after the first company had left, according realized his innocence of the accusations to an arrangement with the Federal author- that were brought against him by .wicked ities, with the understanding that the aged and designing men, just as they did the people, 'the widows and those not able to" prophets of old ; but he had not made up prepare for so long- a journey into the his mind he could make the sacrifice of his then unknown and unexplored country. good name and all he held dear, as one should not be molested the mobo- - must do who follows the divina. teacher in crats, who had been determined Mormons whatever age or clime. .. But now" the eu should be exterminated or removed far from hour came, when he must choose becivilization compelled all who were left in preme tween the Gospel of life and salvation, and the city of Nauvoo to cross" the river into the the world with all its allurements, and In i s able-bodied- promptly at All mem- - her? of t)ie lielief Society are cordially in- - vited, also the Presiding Authorities of the Church, Bishops and brethren interested in the work. The General Board of the Y.L. X. M. I. A., and of the Primary Associations are included in the invitation. There will also be an Officers' meeting of held previously on Tuesthe Belief-Societday. October f, at 2 p. in., in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, and it is desirable that all presiding ollicers who can conveniently, should attend this special session of the Conference. Batbshkaa V. Smith, y (Ieneral President. IlJ A S. ' Counselor. (idKR LR LlhPOCIE Y CONFERENCE Assembly Hall. Salt Lake City., lwf s G or able-bodie- GENERAL UELIEF SOCIETY CONFERFNCE. October Conference of l the the Relief Society will he held in thv Salt Lake Assembly Hall in thi? City, Thursday Oct. , nes j d ' Sam Lakk City, Ctaii. OctolM-r- 1 VYi-Ii- all lniMiifv roiniiitiiii" ations to Mr-- . K. B. WKLLS, - 1 I Srl.-ct.-d- t- - - ! -- -- : gI d Rei-ponse,- monthly in l'liUi-h.-- .! I fri i 4 Editor and Publisher B. WELLS, ' M lail to the Singing, Woman's Exponent EMMELlXt: N' E N T, i (illicers Meeting, Tuesday, Oct. ", 2 p. in. Hymn, "Come Oh Thou Kins of King;;." Prayer. Hymn, "Come Listen to a Prophet's Voice." ," . Businene: Miscellaneous. Report of General Secretary, ill-treate- Lmnieline . I. Wells. Report of (ieneral Treasurer, Clarissa'S. Williams. Solo, "Oh Loving Father," Helriego, Lizzie Thomas Edward, Director of Music of General Relief Society. . Instructions: President Bathsheba W. Smith'. Phebe Y. Beatie. Report of Nurse Work, Study Lessons in Ward Meeting, Minnie H. James. l'rof. Klihu Call. Solo, .Hoanna' Granier, The Mother and the Ch id, Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry. Hvnin, "Love at Honie." . - "" Prayer. ' ..... Thursday, .. f. Oct.. 7, 10 a.m. - ' - ' - " ' Opening Prayer, Representative R. S. Cassia Stake. i n : ' Opening Hymn. "Lord We Come Before Thee d, 1 -- , ' n . 