WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 21 'Vfvi imu ' '"ih'tu nrA vlfpfi him to trie rs a time in Church;-ahigbe.4 position i'n the its history when there was need of a mn EMMEL1SE It. WELLS, Editor and VublUhtr who could be trusted to. carry out the will own ASSJE WELLS CAXSUS, Assistant Editor. of the Lord, even if it were against his feelings and interests. , 'IVnn: Vtnh. Salt in .'I'iiI.JMm-.monthly The Lord made manifest His confidence xix month. .'0 "t. on.one year, !.(); ropv c.y n in this unassuming man and he delivered y n.a.l.- for clnU. No City .a r d He was the divine message to the people. nihil, vxXrn fr ...titK" f'"" yi nr. L'.' "f tin ght, honest and faithful F.iwh ..nr.-A.lv. rtiMiii,' without A .. :i.0o. r month, pnrf nj.nr.. nun tim.' .'.:); in all places and under all circumstances. wlviTtivr. ilNcoma to treasure-trov- e in ..tr)i 'IVliiJ'N' The book will be a veritable K.K.m.'.o: TrmpJt n ' v ry Strtct: liutiiu" hours trn 10 a. m. every household; it contains such practical as the children need, and moral and lessons ilny, srrj)t Suminy. roiiimiini' iitioii-- to AI'lr-Hah the Saints should folexamples religious Mr. K. H. WKLLS. It may be truthfully said of him, he low, Sam La kk City, I rvn. lived "the simple life." J awA 'aaiA i A.. .u'c tious, nnu ,e 11- ponent 1 1. ji t - Lnk.-City- ! . ' (.IK- - - l lis-- - t- . rHt-- : - u-- hii-on- - s e a-- lnh' mutt. SALT LAKK C'JTV, PRESIDENT WILLIAM 11 All PRESIDENT WILFORD VMK- O.IOBKK, . WOODRU.-F- . The history of President Woodruff has been published very recently by the Deeeret News, and the work of preparing this book for publication has been very creditably done by Matthias F. Cowley the title page "Wilford Woodruff, Fourth President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-dareads- y Saints, History of his Life and Labors as recorded in his daily Journal. Then appears the suitable quotation from the New Testament: "To him that overcometh will I gram to sit with me on mv throne, even as. I also overcame and am set down with my Father in his throne, He v. .': 21, This appears a very appropriate verse for such a man as President Woodruff. The signature under his picture on the first page of the volume, is significant of the character of the man himself, straightforward, upright, one could never believe him vacillating, or in any way wavering from what he knew to -- r beTightr The dedication reads: i "To his numerous and ever increasing family. And to all who love the name and memory of President Wilford Woodruff, this work is, respectfully dedicated.''. The book is handsomely bound and only the name and Coat of Arms of the Woodruff family appear upon the cover. There are 57 chapters in. the book and 702 pages. The principal "subjects are named in the paragraphs of contrnts so that it will be easy to refer to certain remarkable events in the life of this illustrious Elder, Apostle, Historian, and President of the' Chnrch. s Saints will welcome with The Latter-da- y joy and laudable pride the publication of the life and' labors of this great and good man, so dearly beloved by the people. Aside" from that it will be very valuable to all, on account of its containing so much historic information of Church matters; and of individuals from the days of Kirtland to the time of his deaths President Woodruff was born March 1st, 1807, in Farmington, Hartford Co.", Conn.! and was a bonafide Yankee, though of Eng- lisrr extraction. President Woodruff- saj-that "according jto the ancient Book or Heraldry, one of was Lord Mayor' M. TAFT. The visit to Utah of His Excellency the Chief Executive of this nation, was an event of considerable importance, and the fact of his remaining three days in this state is certainly a favorable compliment to the people. We hope and trust he" will realize how deeply the people of the state appreciate the honor, and will better understand hereafter the loyalty and patriotism of the pioneers who settled the American Desert and made it habitable for others to come, as well as President Taft's address in very desirable. the Tabernacle was very pleasing and we think profitable to the large congregation, and his affable and unassuming manner won all hearts; his text was well chosen, and he handled the subject of his sermon diplomatically, proVing himself a very good preacher of righteousness.if not accustomed to the pulpit. Altogether the visit was a success even if it was in a way fatiguing to go here and there and see so much as he is seeing and doing from day to day. The people who saw the President here have had a most favorable impression of his gracious and dignified appearance, and we feel sure Utah as a state appreciates the honor of the visit and the children who saw him will never forget while they live, for he is a man of distinguished bearing, aside from his exalted position. Perhaps the most unique feature of all that was done for his entertainment here, was the ''Living Flag.". The sight of those 20,000 children waving the Flag of the Nation and singing "The Star Spangled Banner," brought tears to President Taft's eyes, and therefore it is apparent he is somewhat emotional. The saying, "The bravest are the Jtenderest," is true today as it always has been. Much has been said concerning the President's speeches and his sermon and his journeyings through this mountain country by the newspapers East and West but it only enhances the value of his visit to us, " who know the good that is always accomplished when honorable and just men see things for themselves free from prejudice or bias. Ve are, as a people, grateful and appreciative; of kindness shown, and have on other occasions sought to do honor when visits have been made by men in high positions', Presidents, Judges and members of Congress,and the greatest men who have honored Utah by their presence have been fWnr. of London in 1579. " " Brother Woodruff possessed many estim- pably impressed, and many have acknowl able dualities and characteristics but one of edged trie courtesies extended to them. I he Latter-da- y Saints have ever been hos- the crowning virtues was his sincere and and pitable kindly to the stranger, within genuine humility, which was apparent in their gates, and many great men and wom- ' . his-ancest- "Mormon" homes. " 8 j'-- P - v- We eincerely hope and pray that Pre-i-de- nt Taft may' enjoy- his extended tour through the 'West ahd South, and return to the White House in excellent health and spirits to carry forward .the labor and responsibility incumbent upon the Chhf. Executive of this great nation the United - States of dear America. H GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. . Knttrrd at thf Pout Ofticr in Sitt l.nkf C(7y. at xtcowl tlii - l - l t worM have guile-upri- liU-m- t U , l r en of, - s ors - -- I- -' The October Relief Society Conference was a very interesting one, and the attendance from outside stakes was quite numerous, the program as published previously was carried out in nearly every particular. Special music was one of the enjoyable features. The selections rendered on Tuesday 5, by Prof. J. J. McClellan on the piano, and Prof. W. E. Wejhe on the violin, were a very great pleasure to all who had the opportunity to hear the after-n'oonj'Oc- t. soul-thrillin- g i i strains. The instructions by the venerable president, Bateeheba W. Smith, touched every heart and her preeence was in itself most gratifying to all who had the pleasure of seeing her once more in her accustomed place upon the platform; her inspiring words fell upon the ears of the congregation, reShe welcomed the sisfreshing all hearts. ters and blessed fhem in her peculiar gracious way, speaking of her great love for those engaged in the work, and entreated them to keep the faith and .teach it to their children. The General Secretary, Emmeline B. Wells, gave the report of the year's work and the principal events that had transpired, mentioning the sisters who had passed away during the current year Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde, and member of the Board of Directors, Rebecca E. Little; also Sophia Taylor Nuttall and Harriet Ann TaylorBadg-e- r who had Herrmissionaries for the General Society, and Laura H. Miner, a member of the Board of directors when this Society was incorporated in Oct. 1802, andhad iBerved until after her removal to Logan. Other important events were briefly mentioned. The General Treasurer, Sister Clarissa S. Williams, read the treasurer's report of the General Society receipts and disbursements for the year, also the report of the building fund and made special explanations' in regard to these very important matters; advised the officers of the several stakes of Zion to manage money matters systematically and make it a point to be prompt and specific in regard to this special department of Relief Society business. MrsLizzie Thomas Edward sang most exquisitely a solo entitled, "O Loving . , - Father," Delriego. Phebe Y. Beatie, Chairman of Nurse Work, gave some instructions upon taking care of the human body and knowing con cerning it. and how essential to understand more, especially for mothers, and our young women, and urged the sisters in all the societies of Zion to take this matter in hand, and she hoped that instead of thirty girls or women in the nurse class, we should have forty or more, referred to noble mothers as examples, those who had been students of rfucb subjects as hygiene and health. Sis- Jer Beatie gave some Quotations from Herbert Spencer and Mary Wood Allen, and referred to some special cases that had come under her own observation, :' i; . 