WOMAN'S EXPONENT s. w 1fee?srP les3 .than three wteksan illness which only a lew days befora-ha- d not- appeared serious. We have to submit to the inevitable, and with'such a sublime faith as she possessed, we must realize with her that God knoweth best and doeth all things .well; and yet it is sometimes hard to understand why one so needed here and so- beloved should be taken away. Mary Alice Cannon wavs the wife of Bishop Lewis M. Cannon and the eldest daughter of President George Q. Cannon and Elizabeth She was born on the sixteenth Hoagland. of October 1867. As a little girl she showed the qualities of leadership, and her , were always proud to follow her example and champion her cause in childish warfare. She speat two seasons in Washing- iuu wan ner parents wnen rresiuent Cannon was Utah's delegate in Congress. She also made many trips with her father, whom she idolized, east and west, as well as accompanying hinr in frequent trips throughout the state. Her mother died when Mamie, as we love to call her, was only fourteen years old and the circumstances were most pathetic, for her father was absent in Washington contending for the rights of the people, and her two older brothers, Jno Q., and Abram were on missions in Europe. There were Eider 0. F. .Whitney recited this poem with deep feeling at the funeral of Sister Mary Alice Cannon, March 5, 190U. Some time, when learned, all life's lessons have been ' ... Andsuns and stars forevermore have set, The things which our weak judgments here have ' spurned, - The things o'er which we grieved with lashes wet, Will flash before us and life's dark night, As stars shine most in deeper tints of bliiei And we shall see how all God's plans were right, And what most seemed reproof was love most , , true: . And we shall see how, while we frown and sigh, God'a plans go on as best for you and mellow when we called, Ie heeded not our cry, Because His wisdom to the end could see; And e'en as prudent parents disallow Too much of sweet to craving babyhood, So God, perhaps, is keeping from us now Life's sweetest things because it seemeth good. And if, sometimes, commingled with life's wine, We find the wormwood, and rebel and shrink, Be sure a wiser hand than yours or mine Pours out this potion for our lips to drink; And if some friend we love is lying low, Where human kisses cannot reach his face, Oh, do not blame the loving Father so, But wear your sorrow with obedient gracel And you shall shortly know that lengthened many-brothers- breath Is not the sweetest gift God sends Ilia friend, And that sometimes the sable pall of death Conceals the fairest boon His love can send; If we conld push ajar the gates of life, And stand within, and all God's workings see, We could interpret all this doubt and strife, And for each mystery could find a key. . But not today. Then be content, poor heart! God's plans like lilies, pure and white unfold, We must not tear the close-shleaves apart, Time will reveal the Calyxes of gold; And if, through patient toil, we reach the land Where tired feet with sandals loosed may rest, Where we shall clearly know and understand, Ithink that we shall- say, "God knew the three younger children left in her care, David, Emily and Sylvester, and to them she has always performed the part of mother and sister too. Even after her marriage and the making of another home, she still showed the same thoughtfulness and tenderness towards her brothers and sisters, and when her brother David died while on his mission in Germany, her grief was as great as a mother's could have been. She passed also the trial of losing her first born, a beautiful boy, named Lewmar; but through all her life she showed noble and faithful resignation, and lived the life of a consistent and true Latter-da- ut best." y May Riley Smith. Saint. She has left, besides her sorrowing husband and six beautiful children, who will always mourn her loss, many brothers and sisters and loved ones and a host of friends who will always cherish the memories of her beautiful life. She was not inclined to public life in any way but performed some loving duties in the ward where her husband presides as bishop, having been a teacher in the parents' class in Sunday School, also counselor to the president of the Ward Primary She acted with much ability Association. as the representative of the Stake Relief Society on a commitee for the betterment of the young people, and she was a loyal member of the society known as The Daughters of the Revolution. Her natural tastes and sympathies, however, were more in the home circle, where she displayed all the virtues and acquirements of a perfect wife and " . mother. MARY ALICE CANNON. . A TRIBUTE. "She was dead, no sleep so beautiful and calm, so free from toil and pain, so fair to look upon.' Without a struggle, without a throb, without a sigh, the beautiful spirit of Mamie Cannon passed into eternal life; so silently, so softly, so sweetly, that even those who waited breathlessly around could scarcely tell when the heart stopped beating; and when alas to their numbed senses the realization came, grief was glorified with the heavenly influence of so sweet a death. A lovelier, truer woman never lived than Mary Alice Cannon, and her place in the hearts of those who knew her, can never be filled. Even as a little child she possessed most womanly traits; and though strong in character she was always yielding, obedient and thoughtful as occasion demanded. She was of a most lovable disposition, yet possessed the quality of a leader among her associates. It was to her, her friends would go for sympathy when sorrow came to them, and it was to her they would go to tell their triumphs, for thereiwas always in her hearL a responding and sympathetic chord for each and every condition. She was a woman of many talents; not the least among them her exquisite wit and power of imitation such qualities as render conversation so delightful; and her natural refinement and gentleness were rdarked characteristics. On the morning of March the first she was called home to her heavenly Father after an r STANDING Vf&&$ M YEAR. - , , MRS. r 6 A . Annie Wells Cannon. V The name of; the Governor of Michigan will head the national woman suffrage peti- I tion from that State. Miss Julia Marlow is a clever bookbinder. rWhen atheruntry the Catskills, she spends much of her time over bookbinders' tools and machinery. Miss Meredith, daughter of George Mere-- X dith, the novelist;" stepped into the breach in Harrowgate the other day and wielded the baton as substitute for the' conductor of the municipal orehestra, one of the best in ..." England, v . Saturday, February 20th, 1009, being the 81st birthday of Mrs. Rebecca Standring, Stake- - President of the Relief Society of the Alpine Stake, it was decided by the four wards of Lehi, that they would honor the lady by celebrating the day in a good, old-fashion- ed ball, luncheon and program. The ladies of the four wards, with. their' husbands and the Stake ollicers of the soci-tmet at the opera house at three p. m. and listened to the following program which y was given by the four wards: Mrs. E. J. T. Roberts, master of cere- monies. 1. Singing by the congregation, "We thank Thee, 0 God, for a prophet." 2. Mary Ann Webb. 3. ,0h, my Father." 4. Address of welcome Kate Allred. 5. Remarks President R. Stand-rinIn-vocati- g. Duet Mrs. Lucy Whitman and Mrs. 7. Narrative of a visit of Margaret Clark. 0. a str&nger M. A. Sorensen. 8. Singing: "'Count ' vur Blessings." 9. Reading M. J. Gray. 10. Remarks, Bishop Gardner, 2nd ward. 11. Vocal Harris Hill. 12. Presentation of a silk down quilt by the members of the four wards of Lehi and the Stake officers to Sister Standring by Sister Hindley of Am. Fork, counselor to Mrs. Stanching. 13. Piano solo, Jennie Webb. 14. Remarks by Mrs, Stanching. 15. Singing, "Spirit of God." 16. Benediction Wm. Southwick. Luncheon was served iu the opera house until 6,30 p. m. when the ball opened and was enioved bv the old and th voune who participated in the old time quadrilles and other dances of davs. The following words were composed for the occasion and sung by Mrs. Lucy Whitman and her sister, Mrs. Margaret Clark.. solo-M- rs. bv-eon- ' I"' e MARGARET. JJown life's hill you're slowly wending, Past the heights you've toiled to climb; Light and shadow strangely blending, Checker all the vanished time, But hx gloomy shadows ever Shutihe light of love away, Still your heart is true and tender, Thoughthe gold has turned to gray. . ' Sister, you were never dearer, la the spring of youth than now, When life's winter eve draws nearer And its frost Is on your brow, For the love thatVweetiy blossomed. When your life Was in its May, Now its precious fruit is bearing, While we reap it day by day. Dearest sister we have met here With hearts filled with gVatitude, For the loving care" and wisdom,, For thy everlasting good. Though thy strength is slowly waning, Love is with vou day by day, Pray that'God will ever bless youV And protect you on your way. Dearest sister, don't get weary. For thy faith is staunch and true, And so many rely jipon you For your help and ceunsel, too. God grant that you may have comfort, on your way,While you journey ..." ...1 t That- your me wm oe-n jvutiii, In the world while you may stay. . - 171 JJ - -- o - . , -- Eighty years and more have passed you, And you've toiled both brave and true, . In the cause of Christ our Father, to do. much He hath given you Weil strive to show pur appreciation Of the work so gran and true, r Each work' out her'own salvation. As 'twas planned for us to do. , . y 