WOMAN'S EXPONENT. who'.had made their namea illustrious in the history of the Rocky mountain region. Eider A. SI. Musser, Hon. John T. Caine, Bishop GeorgelRomney, IIon.AV. W. Biter, Bishop H. B. Clawson and his wife Margaret; Sister Clawson had taken part in the first theatrical performance in the hall and in the old Her repetition of the bowery responded. scenes of the primitive attempts at "making up" were intensely entertaining and she was applauded to tht echo. " After the simple exercises that were in "excellent "taste, 'dancing was announced, commencing however, with a grand March.' The figures were plain quadrilles, French Four, Money Musk, Sir Roger de Coverley, and Scotch Reels. Some of us who had attended parties in this famous old hall could see imaginary and called up- vivid recollections'of Diciures j the people who had. tripped fantastically in the mazy dances of the "Long Ago.'-Toward the close of the evening some appropriate doling remarks were made by President Smith in which he informed the company that it was the one hundredth and ninth anniversary of the birth of his father, Hyrum Smith, (the patriarch and martyr.) old-fashion- ed ft, party oL the series wai given i&lkiid by the bye, was the ThursdajTM-.ntbirthday anniversary of bua ipung uates who was the first child born in the Lion ; The third & House, and really the fact should have been announced there, even at the nskof vexing the lady herself.- - The gathering was called the Kirtland party, and as many Kirtland people and their descendants as could be found were in vited. The secretary, Miss Annie Lynch, sent out a large number of letters, in fact, we are told, six hundred invitations were issued to those whose names could be ascer tained. Elder George D. Pyper was master of ceremonies and the exercises of the eve ning began with prayer by Elder Milando - ! old-fashion- ed e, old-timf- e thig-wit- . 1 Pied at Toquerrille, July 25th,, 1903, Sister Ann Brumell Cooper SaVage after a very short illnees. She was born in Arlington, Cambridge, England, 3Iarch 28, 1S15. Joined the Ckarch viq 1&J3, emigrated to Zion 1857, with three little girls. Palled a handcart across the plains, buried one as in Captain of her littlegirb at. Iowa. Lake City Nov. Salt in Arrived company. Oct. Levi 31, 1853 in Married Savage 9th, 16CCJ. in Dixie She was a to .Moved Lehi, Utah. A Latter-day model Saint. faithful homemaker, an affectionate wife and mother, of a bright eunny disposition. Was a faithful teacher in the Relief Society in. our first organization, had a claea of young girU and taught them to braid and sew straw hats of all kinds. She leaves an aged husband, two daughters, three grandchildren and a number of greatgrandchildren, and numerous friends to mourn her loes. She was respected and beloved by all who knew At-woo- d's 1 her.' Pratt andMhe hjinns that were sung were those that had been favorites of the Saint in the Kirtlancf Temple. The dancing was, than at perhaps, a little more the other parties, beginning with a grand march, in which nearly all present partici pated. There were sdme unique features of the evening; the committee were anxious to know how many were present who had lived in Kirtland and they were asked to stand; five rose up on the platform in view of the assembly; they were Sisters Martha D. Si mons, Mary Ann Winters, and Sally Knight The second party of the series was given Palmer, and patriarch John Smith and by the Genealogical Society and was a W. C. Whitman. Sister Simons, who delica in success every particular, splendid was asked to who will soon be eighty-thrttables three was served, hot ious long supper speak, and among her reminiscences she filled as before, and lovely decorations, and stated that she had seen the papyrus from conversation among the guests of "ye olden which the Pearl of Great Price wa3 trans time1 the social, festivities and lated, and also the coins shown in the book; fidwho and the and dances, played games she gave this as a testimony to the young dles and where were they now? All, gone people. Sister Simons dances well, and very save one, "Josh Midgley. Only a few much enjoyed it. women of that very 'early day in the fifties Patriarch John Smith had with him a cane when such men as Presidents Brigham Young, He ber C. Kimball, Daniel H. Wells, owned by his father, Patriarch Hyrum Smith. a rare George A. Smith and others mingled in the Brother W. C. Whitman presented of division the Gen relic, which the historic dance and festivities of those memorable a ealogical Society prize very much, beautiyears of Utah's early history of events. fully carved cane, made by his nephew from After the delicious repast the guests reh of the Kirtland Temple; paired to the upper hall and platform and a newel post other relics, made an interesting collec, the exercises began fith singing, an approMuch enthusiasm is felt over these priate hymn, and prayer wag offered by Elder tion. parties. About fifty letters were reHyrum M. Smith, after another hymn being historic rendered, President Anthon H. Lund gave & ceived from Kirtland pioneers and their descendants who could not be present. short synopsis of the Genealogical work, exA very interesting feature of the enterplaining how diligent and faithful the sisters had been who had undertaken it and tainment was a recitation in costume called spoke very highly of them, and portrayed Money Musk, by Mrs. Winniefred Brown, somewhat briefly the future of this maggiven very dramatically, Professor u. D. Elder Heber Schettler accompanying on the guitar. This nanimous work for the dead. J. Grant sang during the evening, "The xercise was so applauded that the obliging Clive's band were little lady gave an encore. Flag Without a Stain;" ' 1 1 I J t i! ..I in place on me, piauorm, ana aancing De A summary of the work of the Sogan and continued for some time, all seemciety had been prepared by Miss Lynch, the ing to enjoy the exercise, judging by appearwho is indefatigable in her labors, ances; finally there1 was a sort of interval secretary, read-bElder George D. Pyper. and was and singing and conversation was indulged Gates made a short in meanwhile. 'Dr. Seymour B. Young took Sister Susa Young. Miss Ina the lead in singing, "There is Sunshine in speech in her original style, and few a items of Church Smith had collected my Soul," in which many joined, President events notable that had transpired John R. Winder singing as clearly and with history, of March in the month, beginning with as much enthusiasm as any, young man. few facts .presented were a there quite Presidpnt Jnsenh F. Smith's nresencft was 1831, that would be entirely new to most of those missed, but the fact that he was away for a the pleasure rist and a change compensated in some present, therefore added to waTvaluable" tf 'musie,dai:cin?petc7rthre Counselors and several members of the information given of past incidents and events. , quorum of the Apostles were present and the party was really very enjoyable and exThe sisters wHo had been instrumental. in hilarating, especially for those who took part bringing so much real enjoyment to their in the dancing, although, meeting one's friends deserve our gratitude as well as sinfriends and exchanging courtesies is quite cere congratulations, Sister Edna L. Smith", good for us all, calling updd memories and" Susa Y. Gates and Ann D. Groesbeck, and their very efficient secretary, Annie Lynch.- inquiring after friend? of former days, v - XC i A y . , V ; ' . Died at Tocm-rvill- e. Aue. 21. 190S. Sarah Par- kinenn Stanlev. born Mav 24. 1S31. Cambridee. England. Embraced the gospel in Australia, in Kftilpri far Zion 1S54. landed in .San Pedro. Cal . June 13: 1S54. Married to Charles StaDlev July 24, 1S54. Came. to Utah 1858 and settled in Toquerville. She was the mother of eleven chil- dren, fix daughters and five sons. Three daught ers have preceded her to the other world. S he was a staunch Latter-da- y baint, a devoted wile and mother, and had to make great sacrifices for her religion. She was always an active worker in. the Relief Society, beinz treasurer, counselor, and teacher, for years, alwayfi filling each position with honor, fche has gone to a well earned rest, iter memory is sacred to all who knew her. We all eniov the Exponent and wish you suc cess in your good work for the elevation of wo man. Your Sisters in the Gospel, R. J. Spilsul'RY, Prest. Elizabeth W. Lamb, Sec. R. S. REPORTS, GRANITE STAKE. The quarterly conference of the Granite Stake Relief Society was held at the Stake Tabernacle on Tuesdaj, December 15, at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. The morning session was well attenled and was addressed by the Stake Preiidency and High Council, who were present, with songs by the choir, and solo My mountain home," by Sister Lucy M. Green. The afternoon program was rendered by the Stake Relief Society choir of 35 voices. and The IhVof Christ in song and story was the subject, with lecture by Prof. Joshua H. Paul, and connective scripture readings by Sister Lucy M. Green. The full musical program follows: Hymn, "0 Jesus the giver," congregation; Hymn, "Far far away on Judah's plains" choir; Hymn, "Christmas Carol," choir; Double Duett, ''The angels song;" Hymn, Behold the Lamb of God," choir; Song, Galilee," Sister Alice Eccles and choir; Song, Master the tempest is raging,' choir; Solo, Gethsemane," Sister Lilian E. Bruerton; Solo, "Calvary' Sister Alice Eccles; Hymn, Behold the great Redeemer die," choir; Hymn, "Hark ten thousand voices," choir. The principal events in the Life of Chnst were commented on by the lecturer, and il lustrated by the, song rendered, and the pro gram was greatlylelhj'oyednby all present; Lucy M. Green, Chorister, Lilian E. Bruerton, Accompanist. Lucy M. Green, Cor. Secy. The vote in the South Dakota House for full suffrage was even better than first reported. It stood .34 to 9. . 