f WOMAN'S i 4 'ifomgfo hq,gave up all that was near and exponent; 21 had many hardships to endure' and obstacles to surmount. Like the other womep of Ziorf. clear, as the bdnd 'home possessions, wife as soon its possible they caipe together and and child. There are men and women still living who were organized. for 'mutual helpfulness and can testify to the facts related here con- t benefit. was organized in 1SCS, with cerning the coming of the quail in great numbers, when the Saints who hadbee.n 110 menilukrs; the first donations were cash, driven from their homes were temporarily $30.00; cotton $4.00; butter,$2.00; molassfs, This-societ- y ' encamped ton the" Western border of the To some of us who have .Mississippi river, work, it implicit faith in this Latter-daof the overruling seems a positive proof Lord in the .hand of the preservation of His chosen people, the Israel of the present dispensation of the fulness of times. 7 y J i it j i EDITORIAL NOTE. One of the noted visitors to our city this last summer was the very charming and delightful writer and lecturer Mrs. Charlotte While here Mrs. Oilman Perkins Oilman. was the guest of Mrs.Susa Young Oates who showed her all the interesting points of our beautiful city and introduced her to many of our leading and prominent men and Before leaving.Mrs. Oilman gave women. a lecture in Barratt Hall under the auspices of the State Council of Women and certainly impressed her hearers with her logic, wit and erudition. Mrs. Oilman has recently published a book entitled "Human Work," a book which deals most logically with man as a worker, and reasons in a powerful way showing both the present status of humanity at large and the. possibility of great advancement by more earnest efTort especially for women. The book teems with clever expression?, advanced theories, and unanswerable arguments and would certainly broaden one's views of life's labor from a sociological standpoint at least. It has been translated into nine languages and is now being translated into the Japanese. (J ! I i ' i t : I r ii t CHRONICLE OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. IV. -- 1 , f of five was appointed. Meetings were held regularly and in August a special meeting was called to discuss how to raise means to send to St. Joseph in Ari zona to relieve the needs of families whose property had been destroyed by fire. After the collections were made the sisters met to pack the goods and articles to be forwarded to - the - d istressetL. f am i ies . Soo n aft era woiking meeting was held at which there was quilting, braiding-straw- , knitting and sewing. Two quilts Were finished that day. While the work-wabeing done Sister Jane Black entertained the ladies with incidents and experiences of her own life while in the Nauvoo persecutions. At a subsequent meeting the sisters made The siscoats and vests besides quilting. ters also did spinning and reeling, and braiding of mats was also done, and sewing carpet rags was a favorite pastime, as it did not hinder conversation.; The first annual meeting held in Rockville the sisters considered the matter of establishing a cooperative store, as they had been advised by President Brigham Young. It was soon accomplished, they purchased from the 14th Ward Woman's Cooperative Store in Salt Lake City useful articles to, create labor, no sugar or candy, these goods cost $49.84 and for cloth rnade and sold, they realized in value $49.91. Imagine the industry and enterprise of these good faithful sisters at that early time, when they were '400 miles from Salt Lake City, and this city itself was only like a country town. .,. In March. 1871, less than three years the, report of the Society was in Property $187.45 cash, and goods $108 84. Donations and and expenses $71.80. Articles on hand: wheat hxA bushels, cotton 32 lbs., cotton yarn one bunch, stocking yarn 2 lbs. woolen 2 sets knityarn 30 lbs., 3 pairs stockings,' Kezia Hall, Sec'y. ting needles. In those days molasses was made at home and valued at $2.00, a gallon; corn $2.00 a bushel and other products in proportion. The writer cf these chronicles realizes that in giving these few facts in even a crude form srnws how this wonderful organization of the sisterhood of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints has spread from its small beginning into many parts of the world, and been a helpful source of to women. Without either schools or teachers really; simply by contact under the potent influence of the spirit of the Gospel, vouchsafed to them in their humility,much has been learned of life's usefulness from one another. There is no possible way of computing the advantages and wholesome benefit resulting from the meeting together of the few sisters in any given locality all partaking of the "Relief Society work. Going backward to the first little meetings in the different wards, where just a few, perhaps six or seven or a dozen as the case might be, and tracing the history of the one or more, what has f eemed almost insignificant has grown to gigantic pre portions. Recently in looking over hundreds of pages of manuscript prepared for the jubilee of this society in 1892,; the; first .fifty years after its inception, we came across many very interesting things, and it is difficult Co choose which would be the best for an illustration, but we have taken a few notes from one society. V ? Southern Rockville is a small town in Utah where the colonists who settled there self-educati- " . -- -- on . . .. almost incredible the Relief So ciety could make means and establish a cooperative store, under such conditioristand take care of the sick and those who needed nursing and help, waiting upon and assisting each, other in families and neighborhoods. Everything had to be made by hand and then the cartljng, spinning, weaving of llax, cotton, and wool making from the raw material, how ditTerent from the housework of facility and mach. today with every-sor- t inery What wonderful changes have come and are we really better off? The names of such women deserve record; here are some of the foremost ones. Henrietta Stout Keziah Hall, Mary R. Terry, Sarah Fames,' Ellen K. Daley, Marilla Hanson, Clarinda Lang-stoMary Ann Hirschi, Clarinda J. Stout, Fannie M. Terry, Alice A. Dalton, Alvaretta Petty, Lydia Lemmon, Letitia Dalton and Ellen R. Dale)', Amy H. Draper, Maria Smith, Maryette Brandage. Fannie P. Remember Slaughter, Hannah Jennings. these women kept a store, and kept books of account, and it is almost incredible when one considers how they lived, that their penmanship and spelling was so perfect. The manuscript from which these notes are made is a fine specimen of writing, better' than most of the college girls of nowadays, write or spell. These reports made at the time of the Relief Society Jubilee are worth keeping in the archives of the Relief Society. Many of these women so faithful and diligent have passed away'but we honor their n, INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN. (shout account ok tup: (ITNUENNIAL SESSIONS IN CANADA.) y Owing to the unusual circumstance of two plenary meetings of council being held within, ten months injSeptember, 1908, in Geneva, and mJu'neri909, in Toronto the 1 s y ' $1.00. The minutes of the. first meeting are simi-- i . . i ir io omers ann yet unique given. The first meeting wa on May 2S, .J 80S, and was opened by singing a hymn' and prayer; the president' spoke of the motives and duties of the sisters in the society and made some pertinent remarks suitable' to the occasion. Sister Hannah Terry rehearsed some of the teachings given in Xauvoo, Illinois, and advised all to be forward in good works? for great things would yet grew out of the small society. Sister Jane Black and We others spoke words of encouragement. give the names of niembers with list of donations. Clarissa Terry, president, $ LOO; Eliza Smith, first counselor, $3.95; Emeline Wind- sor, second counselor, $4 00; Mary Stocks, secretary, LOO; Huldah L. Bunday, $1.00; Jane Black, $4.25; Hannah Terry, Mary Parker, Mary Buchanan, each 50 cts.; Bertha Olsen, $2.00; Lucy Demuth $1.7."); Ann Jennings Kizia Hall $1.50; Susan Scroggins, $2.25; Marilla Hansen Allred, $5.00; Sarah Fames Eleancr Morris, $4.00; Ellen Terry, $1 00; Sophia Foster, $2.25, Mary Black. $2.25; Martha Stephens, $3.75; Maria Smith, $2.85. At this meeting a visiting committee v; H may fairly be considered a record 3Tear of business in the history of the International Council of Women. On no previous occasion has more than one plenary session of council been held during a quinquennial period, but the special meeting at Geneva was called in order to complete the revision of the Constitution and Standing Orders and to come to some working arrangement for suitable numerical representation of the Australian National Councils previous to the quinquennial meet ing of council in 1909. Both matters were successfully arranged at Geneva, and two new National Councils, of Greece and Bulgaria, became affiliated. The annual report of the work of the standing committees of the Intenational Council and of all the affiliated- National Councils, was then published in October, 1908. In November, 1908, the first communications wrere issued from the' headquarters of- flee to the National Councilsregarding the nominations of general officers and conveners of committees for the next quinquenand requesting-inti-mationial period, of any resolutions or recommendations for the Agenda of the quinquennial sessions at Toronto. The replies were duly considered at a meeting of officers held on 27th January in London, and the Prelimin ary Agenda was circulated in printed form to alLthe affiliated councils in the month of ebrTiary.' Farther correspondence ensued, and the Final Agenda was published in June. It contained, in addition to the Agenda and Revised Constitution, etc., a year 1908-0- 9 9 1909-191- f 4, n 