WOMAN'S EXPONENT. , "Tm . U - EDITORIAL NOTES: - to the feast. ' "Words canhoreKpres of the City apprifc M. Farnsworth four P. and T' of. Julia it fn one advanced 3;Mrs. pleasure gives years' to ing him of the coming car with full partial- meet with those whom they have been lars; and our President received a letter of her lovely daughters left Salt Lake City,. accompanied by 'her husband, P. T Farns-wortstrongly attached to when the hearts were acknowledgment from the Mayor himself. A ,Ksq, for an extended trip , abroad. young and spirits buoyant. The tables were car load of flour was also sent soon after It will be a delightful change for .her and a picture with snowy linen, vases of delicate from the Relief Society organisation of Bingladies, who are all just out of flowers, and all the dainty china, .cut glass, ham County, Idaho. Donations were made" lor and elegant silver, well as the irost appeschool, or college, s.ome of them with sigat dilTerent times later on by the Society jis B. S. A. and so on. tizing viands of great variety. At the head until there was no further need of help. and nificant titles, B. When the famine occurred in China and a They sailed from Montreal, after traveling over of the table sat the lady in whose honor the AVe shall feast was given, next her Mrs. Samuel Richcall was made public, the National Woman's the delightful Canadian country. . miss Mrs. Farnsworth verj much, because ards and Mrs. Nannah Richards on the Relief Society in Conference assembled passed a resolution to send a car load of flour, she was such an active member of our Gen- -' other side, Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith, Mrs. " E. was B. eral Relief "Society and Wells, Mrs. Hannah C. Wells, and so which was soon forwarded and word came to "always ready to do and to go whenever and On. Other tables were filled with charming the Governor of the State that it had been and willing called. , We wish them a de.women and lively conversation was kept up received. wherever duty over the ocean and. through after retiring to the parlor, some, lady Thus you will perceive our storing of grain lightful trip cities historic and few scenes gave us music, and a of these dear old has been available for charity outside our visiting European to friends safe danced a little to the music as in the own locality, and domain. their return and countries, and a when home in this city. beautiful At the time of the great International days they were young. Mrs. Webber old friends a Woman Suffrage Conference in Amsterdam, certainly gave her mother's On the 10th of June the anniversary meet- - great pleasure bringing those ladies together Holland, last June, a member of our Board ing for the election of oflicers of the Utah who some of them had not seen each other of Directors of the N. W. R. S., Dr. Romania' B. Penrose was appointed by the Governor State Society Daughters of the Revolution was for years. of Utah to speak upon Woman Suffrage in held in the Woman's Exponent office Tem-pleto- n y Mrs. Ida S. Dusenberry and Utah at.the great Convention in Amsterdam, Building, the Regent, Mrs. Elizabeth S. tirfor Richards Builalo of left in chair. the this month which we very much appreciated and which R. Wright, early Reports rt women of Holland seemed ing oflicers of the year just closed were to attend the conference of Charities .ajqd.l given, showing some advancement had been Corrections where Mrs. Dusenberry had been to think a great hon"OTT Dr, Penrose made" scheduled for an address. and appointed by a telling address, which was received with made and in social events quite enjoyable. the Governor of Utah. From there they enthusiasm by the assembly, and was warmOne regretable circumstance had taken place, viz. the death of a valued member, went to Toronto to attend the International ly applauded. Our Society was desirous of Mrs. Eliza Titcomb of this city; whose Quinquennial Council and Congress, of having a representative in Geneva. Switzerdemise while sojourning temporarily in which so much has been said in the daily land, at the meeting there in October of that Southern California, had taken place. Mrs, papers. This International Quinquennial year. We expected Mrs. Emily S. Richards, Titcomb had endeared herself to a) the was held in Berlin in 1904, when several of our who was traveling in Europe at that time Daughters of the Society, because of her sisters went across to Germany and attended would attend that Council meeting, but she gentleness and sociability,although she came its sessions. July 1G, some of the leading failed to be there at the right time, which we regretted very much. among them a stranger from the East- - The ladies of the International Council are exAside from these important things our Sonewly elected oflicerg are Mrs. Alice Merrill pected to stop over a few hours in this city Home, Regent, Mrs. Emily H. C.Willey First en route from Seattle to the East, after ciety has been doing reguTar duty in all its Vice Regent, Mrs. Julia F. Lund, Second Vice calling here, they will visit Denver, and departments and in all localities and counRegent, Mrs. Clarice Y. Spencer Recording Colorado Springs, Detroit and Chicago on tries throughout the world where there are branches established auxiliary to the General PClla Mrs. W. Hyde Cor. their way. ... Secretary, Sec. Mrs. Mary E. R. Webber TreasSociety. All the early members of the National Mrs. Julia P. M. Farnsworth urer, REPORT OF THE NATIONAL WOMAN'S Council of Women know much of our SociHistorian, Mrs Lucy W. Smith Registrar, RELIEF SOCIETY. Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall Chaplain. The ety, its thorough organization and its careful Society will meet for tbe term, September To the Executive Session of the National equipment for active service, also its aims and aspirations. It is based upon the broad 16, 1009. . Council of Women of the U. S. held in est fundamental principles of charity, beneUnion City, Indiana, 1908. volence and philanthropy, but it also incluA very delightful party was given by the rDear and Friends des in its curriculum, if brie may use the eldest daughter of Mrs. Catherine Brock-ban- k Madam President to' a few of her mother's old friends It is two years last April since we made a term, education in every line possible to be undertaken outside of schools and colleges, on the anniversary of her birthday at report of this Society to the Council. We rethe old homo of the family in this city. gret that we were not able to take part in for the uplifting of womanhood and the rear-- ; Mrs. Brockbank wore her wedding gown of the Executive Session at Jamegtown. Nevering of children. The'N. C. W., through former reports theless we do feel that the Council has been long ago and gave us some of' the interestmade to the Council, is aware of the departThere were 3ome in the past a very great incentive, and beneing details of the event. of the dear old friends of herxgirlhood infit to all who have allied themselves with ment of the School of Nurses, under the au. . h, the-youn- - Mrs.-Emil- . 1 :-- this magnificent organization in which we spices of the Society, with competent women vited. Miss Elizabeth Brockbank, the eldest daughter had not informed hermother physicians in charge, through" which we are take a.deep interest. of this party until the time arrived ,Nbut,. We rejoice in the great work undertaken able to get much charity service done as. everything worked like a charm. ReminisJ by the noble women, who have participated- practical training and giving the girls excences of girlhood days were very entertain xthprpin. AnnIfTfifiiIllmar are mine lamest sense perience, which is helpfuj in our Society work among the needy,, and is of immense ing; when old friends meet the hours fly benefactors of humanity. themselves, and When the San Francisco disaster occurred, benefit to the young women ' 11" lf.TV ir It Marv goon after (he Executive Session of the Council gives them a better and more systematic r. TTYnnng. rnvnis nmejia Mcuonaia H. Ferguson, Kate Johnson, Aunt Emm. in Toledo, OMo, and in which our beloved preparation for "wifehood and motherhood, Wells, Emma S. Woodruff and others. President, MrsMary Wood Swift, met with which are the greatest sciences of life for all women, if they are to follow the first comsuch W irreparable loss, (which we all sinmandment given in the Holy Scriptures, Mrs. T. G. Webber gave a party for her cerely deplored, andsdeeply sympathized mother, Mrs. Charlotte F. Richards on the with herhd all who suFered), the officers viz: "Be fruitful and multiply and' replenish the earth and subdue it" afternoon of Saturday, May 12, 1909, at her of our Society called a meeting at the headMother's work, Along this Jine.,t6Q-is.lQelegant home m this citv. The euests were quarters and appointed a Committeeat which was clearly explained in our last re uear pia menas or ner mothers ana tney large, and the same day the Relief jvork prowere most delightfully entertained. Everygressed so rapidly that on the samenight port, and is published in theMScil Report after the appointment, a car having been of Proceedings in 1906; since then the work thing that thfl hriRfpRs. Afra Wphhsr.-couldevis was done that her mother might enput at the. disposal of said Committee waX has developed and extended and become a joy the Companionship of those she had loaded, with the necessary articles of food Norrpflt hlpssinc arm hem in tnnthpra in thpir home life, especially those who have not known familiarly in the early days in the and clothing and bedding, etc. for immehad the advantages of schools and college diate relief, and sent to the Red Cross Comvalley, and some of the friends of her girlhood in dear old England had been bidden mittee in San Francisco;, and a telegram tramingXand whose days have beenepent . . -- . 1 .1 1 1 i. T- -I T-- . ur d . : " 