.... " . WOMAN'S - EX PCNrtT. I 1 Solo, "Zion stands with bills takintr un the subiects of "Praver" and 'The WOMEN OF THE NINETEENTH CENTUTY. Singing surrounded." Sabbath Day." These subjects were for the "New occasions teach new duties;- Preston 3rd ward and Mink Creek reported. month of November and others would be Time makes ancient good uncouth Sister Susan Grant endorsed what had outlined every month,ami onward, Thev mut upward been said and spoke on, making good President C. F. Middleton of tbe Weber Who would keep abreafet of truth." mothers reading good hooks njid the stake spoke on the subject, "What Relief Lowell. , lie education! TmF children., Society will do for young mothers.''. The century jut parsed has been a wonlikened the old ;Weber stake to President L. B. Benson spoke of responsibilities of our teachers.-- bees, who had become so numerous that it drous change 'in the status of woman, and ; . Counselors Hannah Mickleson and Lucy had become necessary to divide thenf, in has seen many rights and privileges secured Parkinson each made a few remarks. order to get them to . do more thorough to her, which in preceding years were conWomen closed, with singing ard workralso spoke of the firt organization of sidered possible.by the few only. Mprning the Relief Society. today enjoy more privileges than ever beprayer. A banquet was;given between the meet, Stakeecretary Nejlfe Becraft of the Ogden fore in the world.'s history. , If we read the stake felt at home in this conference and signs of the times aright, we understand to ings at which over S00 people were served. of the good Relief Society would do some extent how this has been accomplished. Afternoon Session. Stake President Geo. spoke for ' mothers, and of the great help Our Father's purposes are brought about on 0. Parkinson and other leading '.brethren and young benefit they could be to theolder sisters. perfectly natural principles. were present. He had declared that light should shine Singing, "Our Gof, we raise to Thee." After opening exercises President Louisa Benediction by stake counselor Lucy II., forth. The way had been prepared to some B. Benson reported the stakes 4'wo new orextent by such reformers as: Martin Luther, Williams.ganizations. Cherry ville and Winder; all John Wesley, and many others who bad Conference adjourned until 1:30 p. in. branches in fair condition. After the morning session a delicious been moved upon by the Spirit of the Lord. Sister Susan Grant addressed the' conferluncheon was served, and all were invited The times were ripe for the light to begin to ence on "Qualification for Duties," being to and partake of the same. About shine. The Prophet of latter days was born examples for all. cultivation of faith, and twostayhundred people sat down to the tables, December 23, 180"). The Church was orteaching our children the gospel. spread with an abundance of the bounties ganized on the 6th day of April, 1S30. The Piano Solo Eva Johnson. Relief Society was organized on the 17th Sister Syl vja L Jensen read an article of life. The afternoon session convened at 1:M0 day of March, by the Prophet Joseph "written in memory of Elizabeth Fox by De' Sisters'Har-riem. Smith.' and there were present: t p. lilah E, Dudley. , B. Harker and Rebecca- Nibley of the I can find no record of an organization of woSister Annie Wells Cannon spok- - encourgeneral board, President James Wotherspoon men prior to this time. No woman dared aging words to Society workers, and spoke of the North Weber stake, and President attempt to enter the professional world. on temperance; great women who had workHarriet E. Wood manse of the first ward Sixty-twyears ago Harriet Martineau, ed for it ralso woman's franchise, advised of while Relief the Weber stake. Society visiting in America, declared that she parents to teach their sons and daughters to Stake President Georgina G. Marriott found here but seven occupations, for wobe true to themselves and their faith. men; teaching, needlework, taking boarders, DuetDora Geddes and Pearl Eames. Ye mountains high." Prayer typesetting, employment in cotton mills, Singing, "O, Recitation, "Be merciful" a member of James President by Wotherspoon of the domestic science, and Yes, Weston Society. North Weber women allowed stake. to were is bind the books but not Singing, "Prayer President Parkinson commented on the souls to sincere write . disire." them. : success of the banquet. Spoke of the power B. of Sister Harriet Think Harker was to Elliot as she called herGeorge pleased of the mother in molding character. Advised see a mixed of old and congregation the husbands and fathers to give their wives young self, being obliged to.take a man's name in sisters and on the order to have her writings published. Think "Indiviof spoke subjects their tehderest thoughts. dual Responsibility" and "Training of Chilof poor Jane Austen hastily dropping her A vote of thanks was given to the various dren," she also urged the sisters, to try and sewing over the writing when a guest came banquet committees. bring out all the good we can from any one in, that she might not be called ungenteel. Singing by Academy Choir. Benediction with whom we come in contact. It is only forty-ninJos. S. Geddes.- years since Elizabeth Sister A. of the Marriott for ward Mary Blackwell, applying Terry permission to win a Linda N. Benson, was blessed the medical "O, was sang refused by a dozen day." diploma, Cor. Sec. Sister Rebecca Nibley had been pleased colleges, one of which added to its refusal with the reports of the wards at the morning that interesting statement that it would be NORTH WEUER STAKE. session; spoke on "The power of prayer" and unbecoming and immoral to see a ed November 12; 1908. The first quarterly of the necessity of living pure lives, and in the nature and laws of her orconference of the Relief Society of the North having pure thoughts and of honoring the ganization." Now, in the United States ' Weber stake of ion, convened at the Relief priesthood. alone, there are seven medical colleges for President James Wotherspoon regretted, women, besides the men's colleges to which Society stake house at Ogden. The morning session convened at 10:30 not being able to be at the morning session, she is admitted. Over seven thousand are a. m, and the following visitors were present but had been pleased with the spirit of the practicing physicians and surgeors, and the Sisters Harriet B. Harker and Rebecca conference this afternoon. He spoke of the reasons for and against such thing? are Nibley of the general, board, President C. F. good that had .already been accomplished, being forgotten in the light of their actual Middleton of the Weber stake and stake since the division of the old Weber stake,, as worth. secretary Nellie Becraft of the Ogd en stake, it had called into service a greater number of And what has brought about these changed also a full representation of the Relief Sothe brethren and sisters; he spoke of the conditions? Latter-daSaints will answer, ciety stake officers of the North Weber stake. noble work of a teacher, alsoof the necessity "The light and knowledge that comesvith Stake President Georgina G. Marriott con- and power of prayer and hoped the time the Gospel dispensation." Many intelligent ducted the conference. would come when the spirit of God would spirits were appointed to come to earth to Singing, "Guide us, 0, Thou Great Jehobe in every home-ithe stake, and that the illumine the dark places, and to lift the burvah." Prayer, President C. F. Middleton! influence would be felt throughout the stake; den of tradition and false doctrine, jvhich Singing, "Redeemer of Israel.' he also spoke of discouraging on has hung like a dense cloud over our Stake President Georgina G. Marriott 8ud, the Sabbath, as that day should working be a day of race. And how faithfully many have labored, the visiting, sisters desired to hear a report" rest, and had been set apart as such by the with untiring energy and wonderful in telli- from each ward .in the new stake. There are lord.- -1 good for mankind: i eleven the President Georgina G. Marriott thanked gerrctrTocompjish shall not attempt in this article to write of North Weber stake, and all are reported ns the sisters for coming out to conference, and women of our Church. I shall leave that doing good work. The attendance at meet- - I for tEe support they had ' given the stake for an abler pen than mine. mgs is increasing, the young mothers are officers; she also thanked the. sisters of the I shall, however, give a very brief sketch joining, and the lessons, outlined by the "third ward" for the able way, in which of some ef the prominent women of our naRelief Society stake officers, are proving of they had served the luncheon. tion. We notice that in every case their great benefit in the wards in bringing the Benediction by birth occurred a short time after that of the Singing, "Doxorogy." young married sisters to a realization of the Sister Elizabeth Marriott. "; Smith's. Prophet'Joseph , will Relief for do good, them. Society work, Conference adjourned for three months, - Prominent among writers and speakers ' The president also explained the object of N. I Mary Butler, .Stake .See. are: a , . m - records,' ' ,a-hive-- -- of , .pf.K-?io- -- - - 1S-12- , o . book-bindin- g. . . e woman-instruct- i y n so-lon- lief-Society-organizatrons"in . t - : ' ' ." g 