A WOMAN'S, EXPONENT. -- TUT 'Xi .' "i Z r0 ml nnlhintT .WAS left fondonc that would .give added pleasure. Governor Spry and Mayor - liransioru wei coined the visitors in the most gracious way Publisher with public aduVsees in the Tabernacle, and EMMELJXE H. WELLS, Editor and AXXIE WELLS CAXXUX. Assistant Editor. all who pang or who spoke were most kind and considerate and lovely, but it was very inside the in Salt Ukity, i'U. Tvrnn: l'iil,IMi'.l apparent that the congregation 50 ct. the oiii.fO.voi,-xr!."; ..-- r Ulivrrt by Tabernacle were specially gratified by woma n s EiXpuiiiH -- - , ih-cp- No rciiiirti'-i- ,n.l.- - forHul.i. nihil, extra K.-A.Iv. rti.i.. wtt-s- City t j.jtk'' r ,. in.-Mh- y HC- .iiur.-- : tliin-.'..'.0- .li'nMint to rcpilar p r ; . . t f "., vry t lii.in".H (niiiiuiinimt V.. B. Salt h'utrrrtl librml . Mrs. urcoml 1 " ilnr, rxrrpt Sunday. i nrni-,.ari-- - : ut the of :!.0i. A i..nth, - all - . iilv-rtit-r- KxniSKNToflirt- H'x'in .r07 T. m piStrvi-tUusint ss hours from 10 a. in. Allr'sx t n hn- W Offirr in S-il- t Wi:hI,S. Lakk itv, V r am. l.ok, City, I', ah mutter. rii.. Jink, Salt Lakh City, I'tam. VM). A GREAT DAY FOR OLD PEOPLE. A wonderful day 'people was for-elderl- planned by the "Old Folks Committee" for the 2'Jth day of June this year. The arrangement. was to entertain those over seventy 'yeafsof "age Worth of Salt Lake a3 far as From liriuham Citv and'South to Parson. of citizens Salt thin distance with the aged crowd. immense made it an Lake City It is estimated there were .( )0 or more on the Temple square, in the Tabernacle grounds. nnrT- thpv rertainlv wpre rnvnllv entf rtninpd. j Every detail of the plan was carefully thought out by the Central Committee, Presiding Bishop C. V. Xihley in charge, and the Ladies Entertainment Committee for guests of honor were under the direction of Mrs. Bebecca Nibley, the Bishop's wife. The Relief Society Presidents of the four Stakes of Zion in the City limits, took charge of a certain number besides their own aged ones in the. matter of luncheon, and they or expense; everything in spared the way of variety, al) the delicacies of the season were provided for the comfort, pleasure and refreshment of the.hrethn n and sisters, who came from a distance as well as in Jrc mi live nere. The Bishops of the several wards rendered 1 M address of President Joseph F. Sratth. It was quite evident that Brother C.'R. Savage was greatly missed, he was really the "jolly old soiil" who always knew just what would fitting pastime of these unique be-th- e occasions. The Mowers 'were profuse and beautiful and there was no lack of courtesy and glad welcomes all around. It was a most fitting celebration and all who participated in any way, or who gave of their means must feel they were honored in bestowing honor's on those worthy veterans of the former days. No welcome that could be extended is too much, or too good for these blessed veterans who have grown grey and feeble in the master's service as most of those who assemble on these annual occasions have; many of them have left their own dear native land for the Gospel's sake,' and endured hardship and privation on sea and land, yet continued faithful and true. Looking over an assembly of this kind composed almost entirely of aged and some infirm people is pathetic to say the least; and to all who contribute to these entertainments with means or by other service there must be a sort of recompense in knowing they have helped to make one day happier and sweeter to those whose lives are nearing the other shore. great pleasure sto have him present on this delightful occasion; ancT it .was a -- . MSiJ?9'X?f?w XaiaSJy, from the large family of Absalom and Betsy Free her father and mother, only PrestomFree, Hannah C. and Talitha Smith' remain.. Hiram S. Young and Alonzo Young and wife, and nearly all the Wells sons and daughters were present to do honor to 'their Aunt Hannah on her birthday anniversary. President Bathsheba W. Smith was a special guest and the remaining wives of General D. H. Wells were of the party Lydia Some Ann Susan verses by 4Aunt Emm. Wells had been written which she read r touched upon a rather remarkable incident of Sister Hannah Wells life, contained in the sketch read by Junius, when as a child in a meeting of Latter-daSaints she had the courage to offer herself for baptism, though none of the older people assembled there had opened the way, but after the little child had been as it were inspired to lead them, the others followed her example, this took place in Belleville, Illinois, in the y6ar 1811. ' The daintiest refreshments were served to the guests by some, of the preety granddaughters of General Wells, and social conversation indulged in for a short time. It was a very enjoyable party and will be always remembered by the younger members of the family who were present when the remaining few of the "Aunties" have passed to the other side. y LIFE'S MILESTONES. TO EIGHTIETH HANNAH C WELLS ON HEIl JUNE BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY, 9, 4900. "And o Uttl& child shall lead them." Today you pass a milestone on life's way, s A golden one, bo some say, And golden, too, we thirk that it should be: HANNAH C. WEJ.LS. For fourscore years, if. one has lived so long, to be proclaimed in verse and song, Deserves A small company of the relatives and. And tribute paid in golden melody. friends of Sister Hannah Wells met at her residence in the 18th Ward in this city, on And you were born in June, the month of flowWednesday, June 9, by invitation of the The ers, time of sunshine, and of golden hours; hostess to do honor to- the lady on her 8dth Most fortunate has been your destiny. were There present 'tis anniversary. birthday They say lucky to be born inJune, For F. then with life is most in tune, nature President Joseph Smith and wife, Apostle is II. J. Grant and wife, Apostle Orson F. The adage not myth or mystery and wife. Dr. Seymour B. Young E'en as a child you knew the Shepherd's voice. the young women and girls waited at tables, Whitney and Rulon S. Wells and wife of the quorum The call met the approval of your choice and did all that was possible to gratify' and of and most of the older members You gave your hand glad tidings to obey, Seventy the others, w ho w ith one accord, please the visitors, those venerable fathers of the Wells' and several of the younger Leading family Declared their willingness to serve the Lord, and mothers; and it is always "a 'joy and ones. When little Hannah chose the better way. delight to minister to those who have toiled Elder Junius F. Wells read a sketch of his so many long years., assuredly they deserve blessed time, mother's life giving many interesting inci- And ever since that far-ofWhen you had listened to those words sublime consideration from the young' and strong. dents, that were quite new to most of the the sw eet innocence of youth, The Tabernacle grounds were pleasant family; and giving also the information of In And to the water's tdge for baptism went, and well shaded by the trees, and presented six generations of the Free family and de- Surely an angel was from heaven sent a very beautiful picture, and the enjoyment scendants in the Church, beginning with To guide your footsteps in the w ay of truth. of old acquaintances in meeting was gratify- Andrew Free who joined" the Church in early All thro' the years of trial since that to and witness these ing things would com- days, and went up to Missouri and his son However dark or dreary seemed the day, way, pensate for any extra pains taken by the Absalom Free, father of Hannah Free Wells, You've bravely borne .your part and stood the ' Committee, The smiling countenances of and her son Junius Welfs and his son test, Hugo And shared the joys of life's true.happin'essX of them as they greeted old friends Wells and Hugo's son Edward many makWells, And known the erace of swpptpst fpmlprnooo were something of a study. ing six generations in the Church, winch is ii im Aiiiuieu Buui&juit; cnoicesi ana uie Dest. The services in the large tabernacle were rather unusual, in fact we do not recall any And go we must in very truth declare, very interesting, and the music on the instance of the kind though there may be a No matter what we're, called" upon to bear, grounds and elsewhere was of the very best. number of them. Sister Ha That golden opportunities are ours; The organ of course gave great delight to ""briefly and as usual with her c" native "g" uuiee Buyuifc nasBnatcnea some friends music lovers, ana the services were not long wmen is quite natural m the Free humor, away; Family." Whom we wonld to be tiresome. us todavf gladly have'-witenough Therewere no disPresident Yet we've JbsepFFrSmltFspoke ". been blest with feelingly turbances and no accidents to mar the day's of the sketch of many golden hours. Sister Wells ' life written by Let us acknowledge, then, assembled . . pleasured :y..v.i. her son Junius for this snecial here, The railroad officials gave free transportaIn this grand company with right good cheer, alluded to his own mother's experiences Blessings. vouchsafed to us in tion to the elderly people to and from the and age, youth wiocci sxaiy ritjiumg omnn; that had been Grateful to. Gqd our voices let us raise, City and the street car company and autorecalled by hearing the incidents- just read; In song or prayer, giving His name the praise, mobiles and carriages were also at their dis- Ann turn. lifc'ca tohloio lu page. his remarks were appropriate and ouiiio uie guiucn suggestive, -j- BIRTHDAY PARTY. wise-acre- m-pains - f, j . . h - xMMELINE 15. WELLS. 