; " .und growth of 'the Women." during1 ' -- Sister. Yowl regood condition, l;ore ' her tcstimonw Hymn by the choir. An exercise was given, by Sister Crook on parents' class work, subject "Motherhood." Duett by Mary E. Berry and Gwen Huff, entitled "Daughters of 7,ion." Sister Brown who has been called to labor, in the Primary spoke for a short time; said .her intercut was still in the Relief Society, feels that the Spirit of the Lord is with us today, if we are sincere the Lord will answer our prayers, and wc can all gain a testimony for ourselves if wc work for it and pray to the Lord. Brother Joseph Tanner spoke a short time 'on shirking the responsibility of raising children. Related a circumstance of a brother's spirit leaving his body, and the condition he found himself in, he was in debt and was permitted to come back and pay debts; spoke of his trip to Canada, and some of the conditions there: how well meetings were attended, and the good feeling that prevailed. Conference adjourned until 2 p. m., by singing. Benediction by Sister Eliza A. Hawkins. ), 1 ? 1 1 '39 International Council of helping: lfcm$'v&uGl its' Third Quinquennial ported Lake" Shore in when Mrs. May Wright; Sewall Volume I is a complete was its president. record of all meeting's held under her administration, and. is practically a survey of women's work throughout the modern, world. Reports of this character are usually intended merely for temporary use by the people immediately concerned. These volumes are intended and have been so executed that they are, a contribution of permanent value to the history of our period. Volume I contains a double-index- , one of of and one persons subjects; the former including over three hundred and fifty names, jg a register of the active Council workers in nineteen countries, and is bo carefully arranged that the work of each participant in the Council movement can be read-a- s a continuous story by any one seeking to know the Council record of any individual. The second index is prepared in a manner that enables a student to study every subject and the progressive development of each department of work in the Council in the same independent and progressive manner. Volume II contains the reports and ad- thesses made by the most prominent and distinguished Council Workers at the Berlin Quinquennial, and taken as a whole, gives a bird s eye view of the work that women of the world havt in hand for its social civil, and ethical betterment. These volumes justify evrt-- y claim that has been advanced for the value of the Council as a factor in hqmsn progress, and particularly as an agent jor the nurture and development of that SENSE of solidity on which all Inter national association in work for human These volumes progress must be based. should be in every public library in the a special edition ana, n 1necessary, country, .I l nr 111-t i snouia oe issued mat would sutiice to place 1 f il a beioi mem in me norary or-f - every nign (lSOO-lOOi- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1 . 1 witnesses an increase in the number of students, particularly in the number of young women who are interested in the progressive liberty of their sex." To all such students these volumes should be made accessible, R. S. REPORT NEBO. STAKE. Minutes of the Quarterly onference of th Relief Society of Nebo Stake, held at Lake Shore, Sept. 24, 1909 Conference convened at 10 o'clock a. m. President Eliza J. Dixon presiding. Singing ; prayer,; singing, and other usual exercises. Sister Serena president of Lake Shore spoke a few wrords of welcome. Sister Kapple made the response of welcome and spoke of the Relief Society work as being organized by the Prophet Joseph smith. Felt thankful for the testimony she had of the truthfulness of the Gospel. Sister Dixon" spoke of the organization of the Church, how perfect it is ; there are organizations for all from the child up, where they are instructed in the "Gospel. The ' sisters are expected to look after the morals of the sisters and encourage the brethren to good works'; spoke on the work of the teachers visiting and taking care of .the sick and needy, and laving awav the dead, we should be thankful that there is an organization to iook alter these things. Let us be iaithiul and keep the commandments of the Lord. Sister. Monk reported Palpiyra Ward, Jorty members enrolled, doing, a good work, and I Afternoon session : Conference recon vened at 2 p. in.. President Eliza J. Dixon presiding. Singing; prayer; singing, and usual exercises. Sister Hawkins made a few remarks on her trip to California and her visit to I the branch of the Church in Los Angeles. Song by Sister Hortensc Anderson entitled, "I need thee every hour." A lecture was given on spiritual growth, how knowledge comes, bv Sister Evans. Bishop Argylc spoke on the sick being healed by administration. Spoke of the power our sisters have in administering to the sicj. Said we are preparing ourselves Recitation by Sister Lizzie Huff, entitled "If we knew." Sister Kapple said we only gain by the knowledge wc get. We should train our children by our own examples as mothers, if wre are humble and faithful the Lord will bless us and we will be guided right and know what to do when our children are sick. Spoke of the blessings that are prom ised us if we keep the word of wisdom; also on keeping our records correctly. Brother- Francis spoke on Relief Society work. Sister Dixon made a few closing remarks, and thanked the people of Lake Shore for their hospitality. Conference adjourned for three months by singing and benediction by Elder Nathan Clayson. 7 -- - . , Eliza A. Hawkins, y Cor. Sec. LIFE AND TRAVELS OF NANCY M. TRACY. (Continuation from page 26.) If we did not taste thebitter we could not T.pt ttfl KPP.Ti (tOH H mm- rtriro iha Jwppf nnA,t0 o imcf in Tlim A Wnrlr nnt our saivation. vtnttr. rain winf'on I ; to mv narrative. not-partak- r; , nrtct. n crlnnm hv'pr na all was much esteemed frr epaenn fr,r aha by all of us for her n In the spring Brother Alva Tip-pit- s goodness. loaned us a horse to go to Nauvoo. I will not attempt to give details of the frnm Snffipp. t tn hrpfhrpn'fi psr:irp , " inrisnn. before did. we Nauvoo to say, they got Providence had worked out their deliverance, after the Saints had left the state and they had been six months in that horrible prison. Well here we were again, not conquered in spirit, but determined to live our religion and stand by the principles of the Gospel and build up the kingdom of God. The people here in Illinois seemed hospitable and willing to give us a resting place, ' i 'i i ii i at f. .1 i:i..'iL!.- i uumow long wouia mey ieei iiKe ims, ume alone would tell. Ifwas a very.ickly place V.e got a city here, especially for children. lot and built a comfortable log house at the foot of the hill near the street that led up to the Temple lot We eold this place to Brother Woodruff and took another lot one block south of this, and were enabled to build a better house a frame with two rooms. Mv fourth child, one born after we got to Nauvoo, died m this house when he was . one year and eight months old. After his p " AUTOBIOGRAPHY. : could r,tkere would be nochance'for him and his brethren as long as one remamed. Imagine our feelings to leave the state, and leave bur Prophet and brethren in a cold dungeon, arid food loathsome beyond description placed before them of which they could but leave we must; and as fast as the people could they started. I think it was on the 1st of March we 1 .1 a! fll.l! Maru'u ixu- Illinois, ior iLi. inn was me airecuon in which the faints were traveling. My husband fitted up our conveyance, the best he could; which was a cart with a bed sheet for a cover, and one horse. lie was a noble animal and did his part well. We' called him Prince. But after he had taken us' of the state lie lay down and died. safely out I could not describe our suffering on this five of us in this small convey- journey, anee, we coum not take anything out our bedding, a little clothing and food.. It stormed incessantly on the road. Sometimes we could travel no more than five, miles in a day, and when we got to the Mississippi bottom, which was several miles it was almost impossible to travel for mud and water. At night we would gather brush and sticks to lay our bed on; and then before morning be drenched to (he skin. At last we reached the river; having money enough to pay for being taken across. We had been three weeks on the roai. We crossed at Quincy and went up the river a few miles, stopped for awhile to rest, and, as I have stated, our horse died. So we stayed in Adams' county one year before going up to Nauvoo; raised a small crop in this place, enough, to live upon the winter we stayed, there. There were five families of us in this place that had come from Missouri and shared in persecutions. Three families of the Tippit and Brother G, Perry. We enjoyed ourselves with one exception: Brother John Tippits lost his wife there, and that - - v " It is now in rWqpnnr.nr.A nf thes tmnhlp. not much preparation for comfort, let alone preparing. for another move. Yet Brother, Joseph Smith would often send cheerful messages to the Saints, suffering as he was, telling, them to get . away as fast as they This toolrup my time and passeoToff the summeK Work on the Tern- pie had commenced and the basement story f ThlreilnontHsT1 nearly completed. EldersNvere being sent out to the nations to preach the Gospel, emigrants were coming in from different parts of the earth and the kingdom waa. rolling on. , . About this time the Relief Society .?was' 