r4 WO.MA.V.S ft- 'Mid the Vernal vale'n of Echo, I . I Ieimned on every side with hills, Towering cliffs like old cathedrals Sending back trills. Vibrant notes through mountain crevice-Tow- ers formed by unseen hand 1tilpit rock where weary wanderers Saw their valiant prophet stand. Now his voice, though long since silent, Kchoes still through Utah's vales, 1 ' ng n I Ixhoesinthciieartof nation. With the truth that never fails. Now the iron horse in fury J Mods its pond'rous course along, o'er these plains go fraught with story-Thund- ering echoes now prolong! k,Witche6 court,1' strange freak of nature, In fantastic shadows lie And the lone tower in the distance Kears her turrets to the sky-W- here Pelaris old and stately May perchance his sentry keep, (iuarding welj these sacred valleys Traversed first by pilgrim feet. . IN ' Helen Mauia K. M. S. Sperry, Liddle, Martha Tho.mison Presidency Waterloo Relief Society. )tr tiistrr Jiurroirs: From the flitting bird on eerie From the murmuring streamlet's flow From the tinkling herds in valley Echoing murmurs come and go, Telling &Ltle grand achievements, Of our noble pioneers, Of privations, toil and hardship, Uravely borne for many years, Now the harvest of their labors Seen in plenty all around, Homes of comfort, holy temples, Where their guerdon they have found. Ellis lie And when the question "Why" beyond. eomes, as it often will, read long and ponder the words of Isaiah' .')7, wherein he says, the riL'hteous aro taken from .th Avil that, is to come. Purely IxDuise, in all' her purity is .one of these. Your husband too, now singing songs of praise with her, in mansions far beyond would not return; nor would we call them. back. God bless and comfort you dear Sister. May the dying words of your "beloved husband that, we your sisters keep you busy in the Relief Society work, find echo in your soul, that you may always be with us in our glorious cause is the earmest prayer and desire of your sisters - I .EXPONENT.. In the recent trill that has conre to you, in the passing away of your beloved, partner, and husband, we the sisters of the Waterloo Relief Society desire to expresi r our sympathy and love for you as a among us for many years. And we afflicsay God bless and comfort you tion. And we promise you He will. May your own bodily suffering cease, and may peace and joy fill your soul. May you live yet v long so long as life be desirable unto And mzy you be you to do much good. privileged to meet with us again none will be more welcome. And may your hours of loneliness be filled by earnest contemplation of the word of God, and the glorious wel come that will await you when united in the creat beyond with your loving and devoted husband, who perhaps even now, is prepar ing for you an heavenly abode at his side. In much love we subscribe ourselves Your Sisters fellow-worke- in-you- Shut. MEnORIAfl. The following letters of condolence were tent by the Waterloo Ward Relief Society after the severe losses pmtained by two of its members, one losing within two eeks a husband and beautiful daughter, and the other her husband. Hear Sister Ooss: Helen We, the oflicers, and members of the Relief Sociesy desire to express to you our heartfelt sympathy in the double loss that has recently come to you. We realize dear sister that words are but feeble, in giving comfort in this hour of great trial, for well we know that only He, who guards the lilies of the field can give you that comfort and support, which you really need at this trying time and He will, we promise you, if you but go to Him in humble prayer. In the passing away of Brother Goss, whose life was already well spent, and who had for so long been a great sufferer, we feel sure you can acknowledge the hand of our Father. And how thankful we mothers should bo when we can see our loved partners laid peacefully away, after years of en-- , deavor, full of faith in Jesus Christ, and the Gospel so dear to us all. On the other hand the loss of your dear Louise must indeed be hard for you. Not only her sweet, loving, unselfish influence will be missed by you, hut the substantial financial aid she has been able, through her untiring efforts as a nurse, to give you. Truly it does seem that the young, loving, useful children might be spared to comfort and bless the parents as age 'creeps upon them injurn forjhemany sacrificeajmade by them. But God knowftth best: We must bow in submission to His, will and surely we will not fail in making up to those who trust Him that which now must seem an void. Thank Him that you still Jing: have othsr children who will rally round you perhaps as never before, to take the place in a. measure of her now' gone - " Maria r M. S. Spekrv, Liddle, Martha Thompson, Presidency Waterloo Relief Society. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. iVOODRUFF STAKE. V T prayer in the home, and how It ' sMuld'be attended to in the family, said we learn to do by doing and the. more we do in the Relief Society, the more we want to. "we should be brave and united and encourage each other to good works, get the Spirit of tha Lord and keep it, prayed the Lord to . bless all. Sister M. Knowlton took pleasure in her labors in the Church. Thought there was too much worldly pleasure,-therwere a great many more good girls than there were boys. The Gospel and our families were the most precious things to us, felt honored to visit with Sister Grant and talk to. the sisters, wished the house was full, she appreciated her position and the work she had to do, always wanted to be a worker in' the Church and progress with it, spoke on the word of wisdom, and the necessity of living it. Encouraged the sisters to be charitable to each other and love one another. Brother Henry Voss of Lyman was glad to hear the instructions given by the sisteri spoke of the parents class, thought singing and praj'er in the home was a great privil" - e ege. Meeting adjourned until 2 o'clock. Afternoon session of Relief Society con- ference. After the usual exercises, Stake President S. Tyson said we had had an excellent time this morning, and the Lord was with us just as much in these days as He ever was. Stake Counselor Alice Jackson said that through faith we could draw out from the speaker what we most wish to hear. She had many testimonies of the Gospel and wished to hold fast the good work, urged the sisters to perform their part and not waste their opportunities to do good, prayed the Lord to bless trie sisters here. Sister Susan Grant spoke upon the blessings of the Gospel, enjoyed her visits to this stakefof Zion and Jhe association of the noble sisters she met; had the privilege of knowing the Prophet Joseph Smith, wished to impress it upon the minds of the young people here, and we should look for goodness and not find fault. Spoke at length on .: the principle of faith and its results, wanted to live a long and useful life in the Church; read a pamphlet on the Nurses Class given through the. Relief Society, wished to bless and encourage the sisters in the great work of relief. Sister M. E. Knowlton said she wished with all her heart that she might be the mother of iTissioharies, we had enjoyed a good time in this conference, said faith was the gift of God, there were times when we were sorely tnea, ana sometimes oiessings are given to us that we do not understand. Spoke x)l charity for each other and of the tendency of women to refuse motherhood,, a mother's mission is the greatest mission we can have, the Lord will bless the faithful mothers. May we increase in faith and love for one another. Brother Hyrum B. Perry spoke upon the power of faith and love. Brother Alvirr .. Jackson, missionary, thought a great deal had been said that would make us better men and women; said woman can make a heaven on earth if she puts forth her best efiorts. He had been blessed in this new mission field. ' President S. Tyson made a few closing remarks and blessed the sisters in their, la-- v , . Minutes of Relief Society conference held at Diamondville July 8, 11)09, .Stake PresiVisitors from dent Sara Tyson presiding. the General Board Sisters Susan Grant and Minerva E. Knowlton, president Relief SoStake President Tyciety of Davis Stake. son was glad to meet the sisters, felt honored at the reception given, knew that we would have a good time and drink in the good spirit, spoke at length on humility and love. President Lizzie Palmer, of Cumberland, President Christina gave a good report. Wall, of Lyman, President Nina Wright of Kemmerer, gave good reports, all felt well. Stake President S. Tyson said there would not be any report from Rock Springs, but had visited there lately; found that the president had moved to Ogden and ihe society disorganized,; but they had done a good ' wnrk in the' nast. Reported Evanston as doing a grand work in the Relief Society. It is a labor of love with them, v Sister Susan Grant enjoyed this beautiful morning in meeting with the sisters and Latter-da. Saints, encouraged the young borsof love. "Lord dismiss us with Thy Singing," sisters to attend the Relief Society, also the Brother Henry boys should learn something about this blessing." Benediction by Kate EpriCH: free. Spoke at length on Voss. grand organization. .. fault-findin- g, . y - - v 