WOMAN'S EXPONENT. " :out of TH:p&fbsr: Ixrl ' 'lands, producing a sum iner .climate, warnr; and moist, Switzerland is a land of health came emperor, he confirmed the independ resorts, those of Appenzell.and on the shores ence of Uri, In 1274 but Schwyz and Unter- lA 1. i i of Lake Geneva being highly recommendedfer i ..l i it i sufferers from various ailments. The peaceful supremacy." In 1291, after the emperor's from noise scenes,pure air.and retirement and "death, the Forest Cantons formed their first bustle, having much to do with improved league for their mutual safety and protechealth conditions. The .spiritual nature is tion against the growing power of the House -- hoets, Thou art (iod of peace, From all the woes of war, ' 0 Bend releaev. We caunot trace Thy hand Gv-i- ? f A 1 - . , In dark war, For ain and cruelty Thou dost abhor. tlii.8 Lord, Thou canst sin defeat In every form; CanFt still the wind and wave, Control the storm. Thou canet reach forth Thine hand And quell all strife, Out of the depths of death Bring hope and life. w e come, O Lord, In this dark hour, And pray Thee manifest Thy mighty power, And o'er all the earth Bid warfare cease. Out of the depths we cry To Thee for peace. As so - Margaret E. Canon, SWITZERLAND. One can tell he is in Switzerland, as soon as the first station is reached by the tones of the bells, while those of Germany are heavy a ding-donthose of Switzerland are light and silvery of tone a ting a ling-ling- , like wedding bells or happy bells of welcome. The trains, in coming or outgoing, in these countries are announced by bells at the stations. It is interesting to note the gradual g change of architecture as we pass over the boundary lines of countries, also the dress and costumes of the people. In a mountainous country like Switzerland, the height very materially influences the climate, the purity of the atmosphere being regulated by the height above sea level. Apart from the presence of manufactories, or other sources of atmosnheric imDuritv. the number of bacteria steadily diminishes as we ascend, until at about 1850 feet above sea level, they entirely disappear. The mountain air fresh and pure, is highly beneficial in its effects. The frequency of rain in the mountain regions is disagreeable and thunderstorms are common on summer afternoons. The crest of the Alps acts as a huge dividing wall between the Polar and Equatorial Winds, the latter often depositing their moisture, in rainfalls on the south side, of the mountain-rangThe best known wind is the Fohn, a warm south wind, which blows with great impetuosity in East Switzerland, in the upper valleys of the Rhine, Limte, Reuss and Rhone. It is usually .'followed by rain. It is estimated that the Fohn blows seventeen days in spring, five in summer and sixteen Under its influence the days in autumn. barometer falls rapidly, while the thermometer rises; the atmosphere becomes thick and oppressive; a dense haze envelopes the mountains, finally a dangerous storm sweeps over them. . The local winds, prevailing on the higher levels, should be observed by health seekers; the regular .morning-win- d al ways blowing down-hil- l, while the evening-win- d e. blows up-hilThe Swiss forests are l. T; butfew in number; and have: little, effect on the atmospheric moisture, or Ihe extremes of temperature. In some parts of Switzerland, at the base of d towering mountains, green pastures and browsing cattle are to be eeen,form-in- g snow-cappe- a landscape picture of interest and beauty. These extensive grassy 'slopes- - and pastures, operate yery much as forests do in other -- stirred. The majesty of (iod is made manifest in the sublimity of mountains eternally capped with snow. Perchance, in gazing on yonder high peak, we behold Him seated on his glittering throne surrounded by his glistening court. The sky's deep blue," seeming ly is the throne's tapestry, on which the changing clouds are weaving those gorgeous pictures,' where silence ai d: solitude reigns. Behold a great council is being held: those lesser peaks rising afar are members, and all await, his majesty, the. Snow King's Proclamation, who is sole ruler of the fastnesses, glaciers and torrents so far removed from, the foot of man. The picture sublime; you gaze at the eternal white city; with the great throne towering in the midst. Thought has flown far away; a glimpse of eternal beauty thrills the soul, with a start, a sigh still jesting on a scene J?.tenjjoujByes of Alpine splendor, though the kingand court have faded away. Tradition tells u? that Switzerland was , first peopled by the Rhaeti, whom the a Celtic tribe drove from the plains into the mountains. They, in their turn were conquered by the Romans-BGV58, in 15 them also the subdued were Rheati by ft. C. The Romans made fine military roads in different parts of Switzerland, from settlement to settlement, a portion of which once Before th- - time of Con- belonged to Gaul. 8tantine the Ilelvetii had become extinct. Helvetia, under the Romans had a flourishing trade, which built up towns and cities, A Romanic dialect is still spoken in some parts of Switzerland". Hordes of Barbarians, swept through the peaceful Alpine vales, in about 400 A. D. and occupied all of north Switzerland, where. German is now spoken, and south Switzerland where Italian and Romanisch are- still to be heard. The Franks gradually subdued these races; they took possession of the country, but ruled through their officers, jiot living there themselves. Christianity was introduced during this period, monasteries were founded, and dukes and counts were appointed viceregents of the Frankish kings. After the dissolution of the Frankish empire, the easteof Switzerland was united with the rn-part Duchy of Swabia, and the western part with In 1033 the the kingdom of Burgundy. German Emperors, on the downfall of Burgundy, took possession of the country, governing it by their viceregeuts the dukes of Great nmity existed between Zahringen. them and the nobles of the fallen kingdom, the and they) favored the inhahitants-oftowns, and themselves became the founders of the new, towns, Friburg. Bern, and Burg-dorWhen the power of the emperors de: clined. thV nobles became ambitious of independence, and filled their own' coffers at the expense of their neighbors. The country people and those of the Swiss' towns, together with the serfs, for protection entered into treaties with' the feudal lords of the soil. At ihis time the inhabitants of Zuricrrplaced-themselve- s " Hel-vetii- - - f. under the protection of the then, unimportant counts of Hapsburg, with whom the "Three Cantons" of Uri, Schwyz, and Unterwalden were previously allied. To Uri and Schwvz letters of .independence were granted in 1231, 1240 by Emperor Frederick of Hapsburg. Albert, Budolph's eon, make absolute his sovereignty in. these provinces, with the result that they embraced the cause of the rival monarch; they however were defeated by Albert, who seems to have modified his treatment of them. This wa3 the period, to which belongs the tradition of William. Tell of wh.'ch na- - ' tional hero no historic foundation is found in the early histories. Albert was assassinated by John of Swabia in 1308. The Hapsburgers were alo opposed by Emperor Henry VII who conferred a charter of independence on the Forest Cantons. This was bitterly resented by the House of Hapsburg, who sent a powerful army against these Cantons, as they, after the death of Henry had declared their adherence to Louis of Bavaria, who opposed Frederick the Handsome. At Morgarlen tin . . . T I f iaier army was ucMruyeu in loio. tevtiur victories were won by the Swiss, which caused the downfall of- the proud Hapsburg House. In an attempt to conquer Bern, the Hungarian nobles wore defeated. In 1354, eight independent districts formed a fn-deavore- . " 1 1 a . . 1 - enough to assume the offensive finally cor- recting the hereditary domain of Hapsburg from the dukes of Austria. In 1476 a decisive victory was won bv the Swiss, foPowed by another triumph in the victory of Dornach. The Swiss independence was formally recognized at this time, but nominally they were attached to the empire until 1G-1S- . Under the auspices of Zwingli the Reformation was zealously embraced by a large proportion of the Swiss "people. Civil wars- followed on account of jealousies between the Roman Catholic and reformed Cantons. Disastrous and bloody conflicts followed. By many individuals the invasion of the French was resisted, but the vigor of tho nation was gone, and the Helvetian Republic was founded on the ruins of the liberties of the people. In 1W6 isapoieon restored tne canionai system, but the constitution was remodelled in 1815, by resolutions passed by the Congress of Vienna. A new federal constitution was inaugurated September 12th, 1848, since which time, tranquility, prosperity and harmony have reigned. Lydia D. Alder. Ellen Key, the Swedish writer, author of the Child,'' '.'Love and "The Century-oMarriage," etc., is one of the most discussed women in Europe. Her "Century of the Child" has gone through more.4 than twenty editions in Germany, and' is still being read f thoughtfully by those interested in the training and education of children," This "modern apostle" was born amid the pine for- ests of Sweden and brought up to read a few books by the bestT writers, - philosophers and 1 When she was 19 her father was thinkers. rliament and made elected to the S wedish-Pher his secretary. In the capacity she came in contact with in en of prominence, with whom she d iscussed the questions of th e V day.- - ' a . - - - - - - . 