WOMAN'S .EXPONENT. the beauties;of nature "arid 3venjoying:the calm serenity of the atmosphere, the venerable and' much beloved Bathsheba W. Smith came walking leisure-l- y up the snow white path. I can vividly recall her to mind now, as I- - beheld her in my dream, with that broad, sweet smile on her queenly face, ay she came nearer and nearer to the end of the path. Her dregs was perfectly plain, and in her right arm she clasped firmly three large books, , similar to our Church records;, when she reached the end of the path she turned to the right, walked a few steps, and. reaching a large brick building 'she-- knocked at the door, which was instantly opened. She' walked in, carrying the records with her. Turning to the guide I asked if that was her home, he answered, "Yes." As this dream has impressed me very much I felt a desire tomake it known through your valuable little paper. It comes like a stream of sunshine every month and its contents are eagerly read by us. Dear sisters, may humility be vur watchword, and obedience to the living oracles of God here upon the earth, is the desire of your sister inilfe Gospel. .expTesaed UiuBCMt'in. favoT of prohibit ion, and thought the women were engaged in a. good cause. After ringing and benediction the conference adjourned for .six months. -- , 37 . Annie Makia Allen, Secretary. LIBERTY STAKE. Stake Relief Society conference was held in the .0th, ward- meeting house, December' lOth. 1908, President. Annie S. Musser presiding. After the opening exercises, President Muser feelingly greeted the sisters and spoke words of welcome, also felt grateful for the many blessings she en- Sister Dix I Word of f spoke for some Wifom and time on the read some of the SOth section of thfr Doctrine und Covenants, said we shoulduse wjsdom in all things, the" Word of Wisdom means many things.- If we will keep the laws of God our health will . be good. Sister Matilda Dixon'read a paper on the subject of tithing, of its origin, and gave many .references on the subject, and explained them very beautifully. ..After singing and prayer, conference adjourned until 2 p.m. Afternoon session at 2 p. m., conference reconvened, President. Dixon presiding, Mary F. Brown in charge. After singing and prayer, etc., Sister Rage spoke on the suhject of divine authority and explained it very clearly, also pke of some of the things that were spoken of at our last Stake ' - i Lib joyed. It- - ' Reports were made by the presidents of the 9th. .'list and oord wards, all "were in the line of their duty, and performing a good work. conference. Song by Sister Oakelberry entitled, "The Old Rag Carpet." Sister Townsend, one of the Stake Board, spoke on the subject of prayer and its importance, also .the answer to prayer. Recitation, Sister Powelson, "Trouble in President Annie Wells Cannon of the Tioneer Stake Relief Society,' and a member of the General Board; gave, by request-- a sketch of the life of her mother, Emmeline B. Wells, the General Secthe Amen Choir." retary of the Relief Society, which Sister RDberts, of Goshen, was pleased to was very interesting and much enjoyed. have R; S. conference , in Goshen again, Louisa Okay. A duet was rendered by Sisters Bailey and of the - Relief Society aslbeing the After benediction by Sister spoke Kirkman. mother of the Church, also spoke of the Blanche Earl, adjourned until 2 o'clock. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. Conference reconvened at 2 o'clock. After Woman's Exponent, and the grea benefit and importance it is to the society. Jennie Sister exercises. the. preliminary EMERY STAKE. Rishon O.ikplbprrv Rnnl-nf iha f.iLfit1. gave a lecture on "The Training of ness of our older Llojd The Emery State; Relief Society sisters, also said we as the Child in the Home," which was very ference young people are seeking the riches and convened at Huntington instructive and helpful to mothers. of this life too much. Friday, October 30, 1908. Two sessions were Sister Strong rendered the solo entitled, pleasure Brother Finch spoke a few minutes on held, beginning at .ten a. m. and two p. in., "Jesus Lover of my Sonl." the Word of Wisdom, also said we should respectively. Although there were no visitSister Julia P. M. Farnsworth, of the work for our spiritual salvation as well as ors from the general board, the conference General Board, felt proud of being a mema temporal one, was a decided success. Nine local branches ber of the Relief Society and gave some Brother Roberts, one of the High Council The welcome address timely instructions to the sisters. were represented. spoke on Relief Society work for a short was given by Mary A. Sorenson, and CounCounselor Zurviah G; EaHley gave in selors Caroline L Guymon and-- Mary J. structions to presidents jn regard tj looking time. Bishop Tanner spoke of the good that had been talked of today. King, who spoke oiv Relief Society work in after the poor and infirm. Elder. C. W. things Sister Dixon thanked the people of Goshgeneral, and encouraged the sisters to conSymons, of the High Council, made a few- ' en for the kindness that had been shown the tinue the good work. timely remarks, and encouraged the sisters visiting brethren and sisters. fol of the Favorable reports were given to continue in the good work, and urged the Sister Mary F. Brown made, a few closing lowiug:- Huntington, Castledale, mothers to watch and guard their boys and remarks. Conference adjourned for three Emery, Ferron, Lawrence, Cleveland, girls. months, singing "On the mountain tops Desert Lake and Price. President Musser made a few closing and benediction by Sister Sister Alice Whimpey read a chapterfrom remarks, thanking all who; had helped to appearing," Emma Jenkins. the life of Joseph Smith. make the conference a success. After singEliza A. Hawkins, Cor. Sec Sisters Hattie Reid and Amanda Tuttle ing, and benediction, conference, adjourned rendered a duet entitled, "When the. Mists for six months. ONEIDA STAKE. Have Cleared Away." A delicious lunch was served, between the A report of the Sunnyside Relief Society meetings to all present. Relief Society annual conference held in was read by President Mary V. Sorenson. Lizzie Bobbins, Secretary. Preston,. May 2, 1008. President Louisa B. Sister Kate Fulmer gave a lecture on Benson presiding. Woman's Influence in the Home. Town, NEBO STAKE. There was present of the General Board County and State.' Conference convened at Goshen, Friday, Sister Susan Grant and Annie Wells CanA song was rendered by Sister Rachel non, full Stake Board present. September IS, 1908, at 10 a. m. Thomas. Singing, Prayer, Singing, Roll called, 19 President Eliza J. Dixon presiding, First Sister fary T. Fowler gave a talk on Martha S. Kapple in charge. wards represented. "Prohibition,' taking for her subject "Does Counselorexercises Minutes. Statistical and financial report Sister Price, as usual, Opening it, nav fn havft linuors sold, and thus get! ' ' .' r f j v President of Goshen ward spoke a few approved. the revenue?" President Benson welcomed all to our and encouragement. Sister Rosella Riley spoke" on" Prohibi- words of welcome the visit of ti e Stake conference, reported a new society viz. Wintion", and the means .of obtaining the same. Sister Kapple reported district, and spoke of der, making the 20th in the stake. Elder John Wakefield spoke encourag- Presidency in Tintic President Julia Jeneon reported the 2nd the disadvantages under which they labor in Lord to the asked and sisters to the ingly imward as building a new granary. mining camps, also spoke of the great bless them in' their efforts to do good. Solo Dora Geddes. children marrying in the Sisters Cecelia Woodward, Hanpah Leon- portance of our Fairview, vWeston and Franklin were re- -. Temple. WhendL Howard ard and Elizabeth sang respective presidents. Sister Tietjen, president of bantaquin. ported by their Wells ' President HavelSown." I Reap What I Cannon addressed the Annie Sister ward in good condition, her ward reported had she enjoyed Mary, A. Sorenson slid,' are receiving from the' conference on The Broadness of Relief Sobenefit the and they .Mother's on and the conference, spoke in Zion should Their society have ciety Work, said very woman work. ' Plan Work, hospital funds, socials for Relief parents' class bushels of be an example of purity. Spoke of the du1,000 have new a built granary; for all Society teachers, etc and thanked ties of teachers, power 'of organized chanty, . .' their help. A songjvas rendered by Sister: grainEureka ward in. looking after spiritual welfare of sisters and Foster reported Sister ' Sister Esther Grange Hannah Leonard. we should haye over our condition. Recitation, Loute Taylor, of the watchcare exgood and movement reported the prohibition girls, keeping them from large cities etc. "Mother was Away." entitled Neilson Antone piamea tne same. Bishop . . -- . . o . - - - -- -- , . k . . ' '' . 