2 77 a in the hands of the Women of Vtah should le u Poire r to letter tie Vol. 37. n tfftnTi tffe: itfe'iw. SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH, APRIL fc, , Yc Af Nation. 11)09. 7. CONTENTS. noble, sincere, capable and 'devoted;, a We will miss her able counsel, her gentle, A Tribute to Sister Hyde daughter kind and faithful in all things. A ,. cheerful presence. We mourn with her loved , Julia P. Mt Fame worth 49 consistent, genuine Latter-da- y Saint. As ones" in their irreparable bereavement, yet Louiea Decker VJ sister and Keininigcenfees of Nauvoo... friend, we feel stimulated for we have faith and generous, tender and true; A Very Interesting Old Letter...... as earnest" and wife, counselor, President Joseph F. Smith 51 just. hope in our Father's promises", in the gloriThe Spartan fortitude which marked Sisrwv Celebration Portland Relief Society ous reuniting of family circles, knowing this 17th of March Anniversary. ..Leonora Worthen ..V) ter Hyde's entire life work has been most is only the preparatory life, the hereafter is ")" Kesolutions of Respect heroically exemplified in her last critical illeternal, everlasting, and the reparation brief. 5.5 Obituary . ness; cheerful, and If we live worthily 'we- will again meet our under patient the hopeful A Loving Tribute ......Abbie II. Cowle 56 most eerious conditions, thoughtful and soliRelief Society.Stake Report: Bear River....... 5i dear friend, our beloved associate. citous for others, charitable, generous and Nineteenth. Ward Hall... Agnes G. Branch f May. a portion of CJodV influence be in the 5C Notes and News. courteous to every one, and nothing but her homes and lives of Sister Hyde's family, Kditorial: In Memoriamof Rachel Ridgeway own implicit faith and trust in God and His .especially the two missionaries, . . Ivins Grant.... 52 Iit absent meicies could have sustained her through .53 to comfort Here And There and bless, to guide and disons, the long months of intense suffering she has Birthday Party rect, to. strengthen them at this time, is our 54 Social Hall Parties endured. earnest, sincere prayer. 54 Sisters Badger and Nuttall Our Ji'LiA P. M. Faknswortii. acquaintance since laboring in the 5.5 Kdiltorial Notes... General Relief Society Board with our dear roetryr In Memoriam of Annie Taylor Hyde Read at the R. S. Conference, Aprils, sister of heen has a close, intimate nature. Carrie S. Thomas 49 1909. In Memory of Annie Taylor Hyde Long, hard missionary trips, sometimes Lllis R. Shipp .. 49 made by team, have brought out many traits Grandmother's Fan of character that years of association in our .50 REMINISCENCES OF NAUVOO. Queenie home towns would not have developed. Written by Louisa Decker for the Kxponent. We have made several long journeys with IN MEMORIAM. dear Sister Annie Hyde, and never found (Continued from page 42.) ANNIE TAYLOR HYDE. one quality that was other than pure, elevat-- . It was now our task to get our wagon She was a Read at the R. S. Conference, April 2, 1909. ing, beautiful and womanly. ready, Nathaniel getting a permit to go on culin born natural A gentle deed, refined, lady we miss very hen spirit today the field to bring the front wheels of the Her Father calledwe could not bid her etay tured and well informed to an unusual-dwagon that had been used to mount a can Her work so sweetly done, now she may rest, A woman of wonderful faith and ingree. non. The city was now in possession of We still are toiling thitherward God knows best. tegrity, temperate in. all her habits, modest the enemy and parties were searching for in dress, a conscientious Relief worker and And so we do not mourn, for well we know ammunition and guns that might not have under every Thou hadst thy meed of suff ring here below, officer, gentle and been delivered. Our trunks and boxes were Earth's narrow vision widened, thou may6t see condition. She never failed in her appoint- - emptied on the floor, and as I followed them Much that to us remains a mystery. L ments, neither was she tardy in attending from roonrto room, I said, "These are the r ber meetings. Always thoughtful and anxIt is not Life to live mechanically men that make our homes desolate." We do not live while lacking charity ious for those who entertained and gave to Now we made all haste to cross the river. For Love is All, and Love is God's own way: us the most cordial and best of their hospiWe helped mother to her seat in the wagon, "He prayeth best who loveth most" they say. and liberal charitable was aver She tality. Nathaniel driving and I following with the to friends. her staunch and to the loyal poor, And in that blessed Evermore we'll see one horse wagon that father had used to deWhat now, perchance, hath been revealed to thee: The personal loss to her immediate family liver his work. God's will be done! and Father grant us grace alone can over balance what we, her We traveled slow and stopped with some To reach with her, Thine own abiding place! at sustain near ?nd companions, camp of Saints at night, as there were Carrie S. Thomas. leave like Sister Women Hyde this time. many all along the road. There was much time that a an indelible memory, strong tie, sickness in these camps, and the fall rain IN MEMORY OF ANNIE TAYLOR HYDE. efface. can never Some had camped made the roads bad. anbrief-thfine How short the span how where the men could get a few days' work. For Annie Taylor Hyde came of a day " e That binds to earth a mortal soul; Ballan-tynWe got as far as Garden Grove, where cestry. On her mother's side Jane This earthly part a crumbling clay, Scotch souled had settled. We found a family that was of the sturdy, high That human mind cannot control; to establish much so we knew in Kirtland by the name of Covenanters who did That yearning hearts cannot retain and own The lives encircling arms enfold, country, They received mother in their, religious freedom in their E'en love, and hope, and faith are sent so many. noble men and women to the house, where she gave birth to a baby boy, loose its must hold, strength which only lived a few"" hours; and mother New World to, help in its colonization. Her Must. loose its hold, must humbly bow passed away on the morning of the 5th of father, John Taylor, was ever the trusted In meek submission to, God's will, beNovember. Too weak to see the wherefore now. friend and often the companion of our ' Yet trusting faith is living still Here we found kind friends to see that loved Prophet and Patriarch, and the only Above, beyond, o'ermastering all man whose blood mingled with that of our mother' and babe were properly dressed, one The Universe of life and light, Our 'Father's love shines through the pall martyred heroes, he having been wounded neighbor, Brother Whipple, made' the neat Of death, and gloom, andWrrow's night. five times on that memorable 27th of June, pine board coffin that held mother and babe. was How infinite, how limitless, Now we were prepared to continue our jour- President Taylor 1844, at Carthage. Immutable and without end not only one of the early defenders and proney to Winter Quarters.. My brother NaThe powers of our God to bless moters of the Latter day SainOChurch, the thaniel and a few" young men heard that How far His mercies can extend-Thro- ugh where nblft exnounder of our Savior's gospel, but , they could get work down every varyingchanging phase v Of mortal life for all on earth, he was one of the most polished, learned, Uhey went. The MacKinneys offered my: " In tender, loving, nameless ways self and, brother Benjamin for a smaH rent Rfiholarlv men identified with the Pioneer Proclaims for all immortal birth! founders of Utah, our great and .growing payment room to: put our camp stove in one Ellis R. Shipp. commonwealth, also the third president of side of their big fireplace and room to put our bed," while some of their older boys her people. of A' TRIBUTE TO SISTER HYDI. Then 'tis no wonder, being of such worthy, slept in our wagons. This was a family a ' twelve children, father and mother, and We do not feel that a word can be uttered intelligent parentage, bom and reared in this I cooked hieh mountainous region of the great big log room to shelter all. Heresometimes that will add to the record of our dear sister,, arid cared for my little brother, whom we have met to honor this day. She Wasatch range, that Sistsr Hyde has left a dish of hominy from the big- has ever been a true, womanly woman in all record; a character all may honor and emu "getting a hearted Sister MacKinney. that the word implies. A wife and mother, late. PAGE I n 1 i . r S- -i 5-- t i Scott-Hopp- er . e -- eelf-sacrifici- ng . . Bister-associat- es ; e a-fe- . Mac-Kinne- vain-Enfee- bling . 1 ' . -- -- T , . - y. 