.v, -- ..- .WOMAN'S EXPONENT jrsMf ' "" Thre'eloTig veloped. after reaching 'Saltair. were fables for the luncheon arranged on the lower floor of the pavilion decorated with sweet peas and late roses in every shade of color, and looked very inviting and artistic. The toastmislress.in opening her remarks, referred to the brilliant company assembled, representing many countries, and languages, and repeated a stanza of Longfellow which ' seemed an appropriate petting: . Mrs. Wells' welcome was genuine, and ghe betrayed a depth of emotion in speaking of the honor of entertaining such distin- guished guests, and the sentiment of the people of Utah desiring peace and good will to all mankind she announced to make the address of welcome, . . HON. JOHN HENKY SMITH. Who cordially welcomed the visitors in the name of a people who, loved liberty and extended the hand of fellowship and love to people of all nations and creeds. He said, "we have noble men and women .among us, who delight to greet you;" and he hoped that reciprocal pleasure and. good will would attend this auspicious occasion; he referred to the people who founded this commonwealth as from all nations and near ly every language having representatives in the state. Miss Emily Janes President of the National Council of Great Britain was the .first to respond to the welcome. She said in part . that in crossing the American continent from the Atlantic to the Pacific she had found nothing more striking than that in the desert through which she had just passed and this beautiful city. She rejoiced that the people these localities were being drawn together in the association of the great national and international Councils; the journey had not been so much a lesson in the achievements of industry and art, as of the oneness of humanity. In closing Miss Janes expressed on behalf of the British Council appreciation and gratitude to the vpomen of Utah for their of welcome-Rab- Vice-Preside- bi Charles Freund took for his toast the "Jewish Idea of Woman" and referred to the sentiment prevailing among them, that, woman' was the" inspiration for all, things great and good, and that any people that held this ideal of woman stood for a high civilization, the tenor of his remarks were alonffthis line of thought, and d by wishing the delegation on its homeward way with pleasant memohe-close- . nt - d God-spee- ries of the visit. Frau Marie Stritt President of the National Council of Germany, after expressing thanks for the warm hospitality, accorded the party, and that a succession of wonders had met them, from shore to shore on their way to the West, and that new wonders, were' now meeting them on their way back; and one of the most delightful experiences was coming to Salt Lake where they met per-- , sonal friends, some who had been at the Congress in Berlin, and spoke of Mrs. Home, who is now in Seattle, who was pointed out Shakespeare's plays', a lady of fine culture as a woman who had eat in Parliament, j and broad views..... on religious and social (meaning the Legislature'' of Utah), r?rau questions. Miss Sadie American and her mother, and Stritt expressed sincere thanks in behalf of -- well-verse- ; ; . 13 , uie German delegation, she was most en' thusiastic in her speech. Madamoiselle Popelin President National Council of ; Belgium spoke very effectively and after.a few words in English and feeling she could give freer' expression to her feelings, burst into eloquent utterance in d French; her enthusiasm regarding the the stars coming out one by one. was a scene she could never forget; they-- had queried on the long dusty journey what would compensate for their discomfort, Salt Lake had generously answered that question to every heart. . Froken Kroeg of Norway, President of the National Council of Norway said her speciality in speaking was suffrage, but in Utah there was no chance for the women had won it, she was instantly informed that the men had given it and Hon. John Henry Smith told the ladies he was Chairman of the Convention which made woman's franchise possible in Utah. Baroness Ellen Von Platen representing the Swedish Council of Women spoke most appreciatively of the welcome extended, and specially of the musical program in the Tabernacle; "she fas sure where all were working for good purposes, harmony must be the outcome " The Swedish people here were proud to have a. woman of distinction and title from their own country. Miss Fries of Holland was very humorous in her little speech, of the trip across the continent, and declared she was a better dancer than speaker; and if she had her national costume she would rather dance then try to speak; she alluded to the Dutch ancestry of American people and spoke with pride of Roosevelt as a typical descendant of Holland Dutch. The Marchesa Beamon Del Monte of Italy spoke for the National Council of Italy, alluded in the most glowing terms to the sunset she had seen on the Great Salt Lake and that it had never been surpassed by any she had seen in Italy; she expressed great pleasure in her visit and was enthusiastic on the subject of the welcome given them. The program of toasts closed with a poem of the Y. by Ruth M. Fox, L. N. M. I. A bringing into the stanzas the motto of the Council "Lead Kindly Light." The toastmistre83 expressed a fervent w'sh that only pleasant memories should be taken home by the visitors, and the hope of a safe journey to their homes, and the gathering closed with farewells Committees .accompanying the ladies to their train where final farewells were exchanged. The great regret of the Committees and guests was- that there was so little time to exchange greetings, there were many of the guests from whom all wished to hear, but lack of time rendered it impossible. Among those present the writer was most anxious should he seen and heard were Miss Marion B. Blackie and Miss M. M. Anderson of Scotland, Miss M. E. Creighton of Carlisle, England, sister of the late Lord Bishop of London, Miss Wilkinson of EngColland, Principal of Swanlej Horticultural lege, Mrs.Willonghby Cummings of Toronto, Canada, Miss Baelde President of the National Council of Holland, and Misses Van Vorst Van Boost also of Holland. Mrs. Leo Grindon of Manchester, England, a in social science, and d woman who has published several dissertations on sun-6etnn- "Ships that pass in the night and speak each other in, passing. Only a signal ehown, and a distant voice in the darkness. So on the ocean of life, we pass and epeak one another, Only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence." warm , : dear Mrs. Charlotte Perkins unman, and dozens more with and without titles. ' Mrs. Anna Hansen who represented the National uouncn oi uenmarK ueennea io epeaz on account of having taken cold, and of hoarie-ries, These celebrated women represented almost every, phase of real human life, Woman suffrage, Peace and Arbitration, Whita Slave Trailic, Laws for Women Workers, Protective Work for children, Public Play Grounds, Juvenile Courts, Municipal Government, Women's Activities in Trades and Professions, Educational Ideas. Crusade against Tuberculosis and for Prohibition. These are only a few of the subjects which they are studying and have under discussion. There are 23 countries where National Councils have been organized, and eflorti are in progresa to organize National Councils in Turkey, Finland, Egypt, Russia and the Argentine Republic. In the near future jye will give a list of the names of the women who honored the citizens with their presence in Salt Lake City on July 1G and 17, 1909. The occasion was one never to be forgotten by those who pars. ticipated therein.- - The most honored guests from our own city and from our own standpoint were President Joseph F. Smith and wife, and President Bathsheba W. Smith of the National Woman's Relief Society affiliated with the National Council of Women of the United States and of which she is one of the Executive Committee of nine. At the Quinquennial of the International Council in Toronto, Canada officers were elected for the time of five years. The Countess of Aberdeen whose term of effice had President, the Hon. expired was Cor. Secy. Mrs. Maria M. Ogilvie Gordon Countess Spa-lett- e elected First Rasponi of Italy,Second Frau Marianne Hainisch of Austria, Third 'Mrff Sanford of Canada; Honorary Treasurer, Dr. Alexander Skogland of Sweden, Recording Secretary, Dr. Alice Salomon of Germany, Corresponding Secretary. The National Council of the United States in its Triennial held at Seattle, elected for the ensuing term of three years, Mrs. Lillian M. Hollister President, Mrs. Kate Waller Mrs. M. Josie Nelson Barratt Treasurer, Mrs. Flo. Jamison Miller Cor. Sec'y, Dr. Emma E. Bower Rec. Sec'y. re-elect- ed Vice-Presiden- t, Vice-Presiden- t, Vice-President- rr Vice-Presiden- t, LAURA ' Of all n. HYDE HINER. the virtues that unite to frame, The lofty column reared to Duty's e summit pencils on the glowing sky " The deeds of those whose names refuse to die, all in triumph of device Is woman's life of love name-Whos- . O'er-crowni- ng Self-sacrific- e. O.F.W. The news of the demise of Sister Miner came with a sudden shock to her friends of former days, those who. had known her in-- , timately but almost lost sight of her for the last few years, yet who loved her still and held her in the ties of sacred friendship. Such women as Laura Miner are as scarce as pearlsr she was a jewel so to speak, full of intelligence and rich tin wisdom a woman of excellent judgment, and superior ability. Her nobility of soul was unquestionable, and when We can say of her that she, possessed all the virtues of a true Saint of God, and was eminently qualified to minister hr encomium holy temples, it isn the highest ur! i i j one can receive. oisier miner umciaieu in '. . . - 