WOMAN'S EXPONENT. .Moral Standard and iititnr l)r.:Mna TYatTi)D Shaw" (if (he of "Women's committee Suffrage," and d'Arrast d'Abbadie of Mine. the ;committee Laws. The only change in the Convenership of committees was the election of Mrs. Wil- loughby Cummings to the finance". Com mittee on the resignation of Frl. Jlelene Lange; and the election of Miss Johanna .aner to the rress committee. Three new standing committees, were appointed- "'Public .Health" with the president as convener; "Education" with the first as convener; and "Emigration" and Immigration" with Signora Danieli as convener. The meetings of the International Con gress of Women commenced on Thursday, 21th June, and drew large audiences throughout the entire series. Both the con gress and the subsequent tour through Wes tern Canada, with return through the United States, afforded favorable opportunities for full and frank interchange of views between delegates of the International Council of Women, and no one who was present can doubt the immeasurable benefit of such op on vice-preside- nt portunities, and their value in bringing erf lightenment and inspiration to the council workers in the various countries. Maria M. 1st Ogilvik Gordon, Vice-Pre- e. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. CASSIA STAKE. The annual Relief Society conference of Cassia Stake of Zion was held June 11. 1909, in theOaklej 4th ward chapel.Oakley. Idaho, President Alice Sessions presiding. After the usual opening exercises a roll of btake officers and representatives was called. Eleven wards out of a total number of fourteen were represented. Sisters Alice M. Home and Minnie H. James of the General Board were in attendance. Two sessions of the conference were held at which each Relief Society represented was reported in good condition. President William T. Jack of the Stake Presidency discoursed upon the purpose of Relief Society organization, the storing of grain, the necessity of sending sisters to take a course in nursing, better support to the Woman's Exponent, the duties of wife and mother, and the responsibility of parents to children. Much interest was manifested by all present in the subjects presented. The proceedings were interspersed with solos from Sisters Maggie Whittle and Viola B. Dayley, and a reading by Sister Maud A. Thomas. : - ... Forthilda Funk. Stake Sec. " " - . , ' LIBERTY STAKE. "'" . The conference of Liberty Stake Relief Society was held in the 9th semi-annu- al ward meetinghouse June 24, 1909, at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m.. President Annie S. Musser VOlVUUgr ' " ;' : Sister Rebecca Nibley and Alice, of.thft-- M. Home t Pratt anrl nWorloc w c it; Council of Liberty Stake were present. All oi tne stake Board were present, and repre- sentatives from each ward. Miss . Lillian Branting was me" soloist. At the morning session the statistical and 23 financial report for thfv ypat emlirtiC were read and accepted.. Jleports-werinauc ujr me presiuenis o ne various wards and the society irr each ward was reported as progressing favorably. Sisters Rebecca Nib-leand - Alice M. Home made some timely remarks and gave some good instructions, encouraged us in our work, and thought we had always been a great help to the priest- .... 'v v .... ; Minutes ' of the quarterly conference of e Nebo Stake Belief Societv held at Spanish Fork, Utah, July 25, 1909. Conference convened at 10 o'clock a. m. President Eliza J.' Dixon presiding. .After opening exercises, Sister Tuttle spoke a few words o welcome. Sister Naples, first counselor, spoke for a short time, was glad to see so many present, nearly all the wards y hood. At the afternoon session the members of the G eneral Hoard of the Relief Society, also of the Stake Board were unanimously sustained. Sisters M. Pratt and Martha Morris reported for the Relief Society: special missionary-work as progressing and a good work being performed. Sister Jennie Lloyd delivered a lecture on the life of Mies Francis E. Willard, also spoke for a short time on the purity of our society; of our homes and children. represented. President Dixon reported Nebo Stake Relief Society, 1,039 members enrolled, average attendance, 2o per cent, 8 Relief Society halls, 9 granaries, all wards doing a good work, and much credit was due for the labor, of the sisters in preparing the dead for burial. Sister Pickering reported Payson 1st ward in good condition. Sister Higgins of ward all united Sister Home again addressed us, speaking ' Knightsville reported her and d'.ing a good work, Sister Pierce re words of. encouragement to help us in our ported Salem ward in good condition, their every day life. Elder Symons also spoke sick well taken care of, and teachers doing for a short time. a good work. President Musser made a few closing reSong by Sister Dollie Rigdon, "The Song marks, thanking all who had helped to make Mother used to Sing," our conference a success. After closing mySister Grant, member of the General exercises conference adjourned for six Board, spoke, thought the first duty. of months. mothers was to take care of their children Lizzie Robmns, Sec. for they are the only things we can take with us when we leave this life, was well YELLOWSTONE STAKE. pleased with the report of the work being The Yellowstone stake Relief Society done in this stake, advised us to keep our conference convened at St. Anthony, August books well, that we may havev credit for what we are doing, gave words of encour8, 1909, President Julia E. Miller presiding. , agement to the sisters in their labors. There were present the Stake presidency, . Sister H. B. Harker, one of the members several high counselors, Sisters Sarah J. of the General Board, was pleased to see so Cannon and Hattie B. Harker, of the Gener al Board, and Sisters Barnes and Baliff of many young mothers present, thought it would be an injustice to leave the Relief Sothe Fremont Relief Society. The ciety work alLto the older sisters. The morning session commenced by sing is in mothers for the the Relief place young ing. Prayer was offered by President Dan useful for can instructions get they lei G. Miller. Four wards Were reported as Society in rearing their children, advised sending being in good condition. President Julia out special missionaries to increase our atE. Miller reported the societies throughout tendance, said we are blessed only as we the stake as being in a thriving condibless others. tion. Song by a sister from the 4th ward of A duet was sung by Sisters Amelia Barnes Fork, "Always take Mother's Spanish and Katherine Flint. Advice.'' Sister Harker, of the General Board, spoke After singing and prayer, conference adto the sisters on the need of studying the journed until 2 p. m, Gospel. At 2 p. m. conference reconvened, PresiSister Sarah Barnes of Fremont Stake dent Eliza J. Dixon presiding. After openspoke for a short time on forming charing exercises, a lesson was given by Sister acter, . Jane Bradford on the subject of prayer, SisAfter singing, benediction was pronounced ter Markham on the effect of prayer; Sister Kerr. M. I. Brother by when and how to pray; Sister Afternoon session commenced by singing. Hughes,v?lue and habit of prayer. Roach, Prayer was offered by President M. I; Sadie Sister Louis, "My Faith in Song, Kerr. ' Thee." ; President Julia E. Miller welcomed the Grant said the things we had. listSister sisters to the conference and reported the ened to were beautiful. Gave some of her officers as being strict observers of the word early day experiences, had known all of the of wisdom. prophets of the Church, was 12 years old A solo was sung by Sister Vilate Rigby. when Joseph Smith was martyred, was acSister Sarah J. Cannon, of the General with the prophet and knew him Board, spoke encouragingly to the teachers quainted well, he was a more noble looking man and told what a noble work was theirs: Said we of his pictures portray. than Sister Harker spoke for a short time on do notany always appreciate the Gospel as we the different duties of Relief Society work should; she waf a pioneer of '47, Spoke ers. some time on faith, related circumstances Solo by Sister Emily Baliff. on that subject; thought we should teach our -- Remarks were made by President David children the word of wisdom by example G. Miller, Marion J. Kerr, and Joseph E. to honot: and , those.whoare.placed over . .... Sister Fogg,"Counselor them, honor those in authority. First Mary J. Miller gave a Grant was 77years,pld July 25, 1909. short talk on the storing of grain. Recitation - by Sister Hannah Hansen, After sineihe,. benediction was pronounced Listen io iuouier. by Bishop Arnold D. Miller, Sr. Sister Harker said we are all brothers and Mary E. 15ROWER, .Stake Secretary. sisters, and family ties are very strong; we -- " - . . . z"":77 -- . -- - - - 