into a unity )f action and: purwomen proceeded to the Royal Albert many nations llall, the largest inthe. world where theUv 'the cVnficiuJiN - rifVo nf 'It pressed all united in' this.- - cause that "toi'vrorlc; with the' in200 about accepting tlieAliiana; renewed vigor and diligence and wisdom, vitation and were given the best bo'xe. fullest fruition of its mission The W. S P. U. took thin plan to .explain that finally the their methods and reasons for their militant will be accomplished. Romania B. Penrose. Mrs. Tankhurst, Miss Chris-tohproceedings. Pankhurst and Mrs. Pettriek, Lawrence of . esting remarks on our duties as officers and .liJClUV.UCi l - v v y T t"V . " V'"-r - - ',M--V- (, - v4f kins girls, and gave wordg of Vencouragement to the young mothers. r Fulfilling of Prophecy," S. Goodwin. Sisters Mary Morris, Recitation, Betsy, Si-- ter Irene Fams worth arid Mary Frazer, Elizabeth Robinson and Fallen M. Skinner, each made a. few remarks relating .to Relief were the principal speaker and were most Society and temple work. Patriarch George enthusiastically received and applauded (lurMumford had been much pleased with the r. s. Reports. ing their speeches. spirit manifest today and to see all so willing Two collections were taken and five thou, HEAVER STAKE. to help this work along ; he had been visitsand dollars were realized for the cause. The Relief Society Conference of Beaver: ing every Sunday; morning (with" some of Near the clo.ee of the last session of : the at Relief Society Hall, the Relief Society sisters,) the aged and Alliance the "Chair suggested that motto for Stake convened at 10 a. infirm sisters who could not attend meetings the Alliance should be: In essentials unity; Reaver City, Friday, May 14, 1909, and administering the sacrament to them m. and 2 p. m. There were present Patin liberty; in all things charI Mumford and Stake Clerk and had indeed' been well paid by so doing. ity." This was adopted and decided to e riarch George The chair William G. Rickley.. Reading, "The Glory of Motherhood," written in the Latin language. President Cedaressa C. Shepherd.presided, Sister Mary Green. President Cedaressa C. also suggested that the unfinished business After the opening exercises and roll call Shepherd expressed her pleasure at having he left to the ollicers and one delegate from each country it was moved by Miss Krareports were given by the presidents of the had such a successful conference and felt ward organizations, who expressed themthat we had received much that would enmers; seconded and carried. selves as deeply interested in Relief Socicourage us in our duties. Mrs.Chapman Catt then thanked the 'retirety work. Prayer, William G. Bickley. ing officers for their untiring work and abilof visits the President Shepherd reported Clarissa E. Parkinson, Secretary. ity and all the members of the meeting. She of board to the herself and other members concluded by quoting, the memorable sentence: "If we make a long pull, a strong pull all the wards in the stake, which with the el non-essentia- , ls and pull altogether, we shall, secure the enfranchisement of the women of the world for all generations to come." Then the public of the great Quinquennial were meetings concluded. --May Urd. The ollicers of the Alliance and representatives of twelve countries met at 2 Victoria St. S. W. and decided upon the Alliance colors which .were to be white and An International Hymn was decided gold. upon which is a? follows: THK WOMEN S BATTLE SONi. Forward, sister, forward! ( nvard ever more, Bondage is. behind ycur Freedom is before Raise the standard boldly, In the morning sun; 'JainFt a great injustice, Bee- the tight begun. Chorus: Forward, forward- sisters Onward evermore! Bondage is behind yon Freedom ie before. - Women's hands have labored (Jiving love and life Yours is now to follow, In the glorious strife. Lift the burden gladly Strong in right and" youth ' Victors, wreathes must crown you Naught can conquer truth. Chorus: exception of one, were found to be in a live, NOTES AND NEWS. active condition. Syracuse University last week conferred Stake Counselor Harriet Fotheringham Mrs.' Belya A. Lockwood the degree of gave an interesting account of her four upon yearns mission in St. George Temple, and Doctor of Laws? urged the sisters to interest themselves more "Dr. Dora Martin, of Oklahoma, National in the beautiful, noble work, either by going of the League, rethemselves or sendiug means that others organizer turned from Panama, where her work was might be able to do it. highly commended by government officials' An interesting and timely lecture entitled "Keep Holy the Sabbath Day," was Mrs. Haslam, who attended the recent Inof Bradfield Minersville. Sister given by ternational Suffrage Congress in London as Vocal solo, Sister Maggie Easton, of Greena fraternal delegate from Ireland, pointed ville. out that every time a woman's suffrage bill Sister Jane V. Rickley had' enjoyed the has come up in the House of Commons remarks this morning, and thought the saysince the first one introduced forty years ago; ing of our Savior was verified this morning by John Stuart Mill, the' majority of the that where two or three are gathered togethIrish members have always voted in its er He also would be there Said the moral favor. taught in the lecture was indeed timely. Let us as parents set the example and our Of the five women who received their dechildren will follow. Sister Doressa Robingrees from the Massachusetts Institute of son spoke in the interest of the Primary asTechnology at the recent commencement, sociations, and encouraged parents to bring four were graduated from the department of their children and visit themselves to see architecture. Miss Mabel K. Babcock of what is being taught their children. Wellesley Hills, Mass-- the only woman who Sisters Lightner, Agnes Hutchings and received the M.S. degree, is a B.A. graduate Annie Vincent bore their testimonies to the from Wellesley College, and she took the B. great good of this benevolent cause, and S. degree in architecture last year at Techwere thankful to be "workers in the same, nology. gave words of encouragement 'to the sisters, Brother William G. Bickley said he Mrs. Julia Ward Howe was this week believed that these conferences helped to given the degree of Doctor of Literature by warm us up to our duties and made us Brown University. Justice John stronger and more faithful to the work, also H. Stiness, a member of the University spoke on the beauties and wonders of the Board of Fellows, was interviewed on the Gospel. Encouraged all to work with a subject" He said: "It was the consensus-owill, to gain the blessings given to the opinion among 'the Fellows that Mrs. : faithful. Howe should be so honored.. No woman of After singing and prayer recess was taken our time has been more prominent in the until 2 p. m. of our history country. Mrs. Howe has writAt the afternoon session the same officers ten in ineffaceable characters the nation's were- present and a large attendance of hymn; a production which did more to stir members. the masses, to arouse a SDirit nf nfltnntiRTn The roll showed all the wards but one and to cause men to rally to the defence of representedStatistical and financiaFreports the country, than all the meetings that were for the year, 190S read. General and Stake held to secure enlistments. The sentiment Boards sustained. Vocal solo, Sister Mary of that hymn was burned into the hearts of reniiey. the it Sister Nancy Rollins reported th Tnr. and people;after stirred, men to valorous deeds, she has passed to her reward, long dock Academy branch, had onlv thtrfppn her name will be on the tongues of a grateenrolled, but thought when school started ful and appreciative people. Mrs. Ho,e is again iney would beable to do a good work a great and noble woman' - . and , in hcmnrlne Stake Counselor Mary. A. White made inter- - ner. urnwn niroroitw hA.n Ariti-Cigarett- e , Ex-Chie- Written by Mrs. Flower Mills. It was decided to arrange a competition for the music for the hymn, the music to be sent to the National President of each country. It would be fine if musical Utah could furnish It it.' wa3 decided by this committee to accept provisionallythe invitation for a Mid- summer Convention in Stockholm, Sweden, in 1911. Both countries being free to withdraw. An invitation from a Viennese committee for 1913 was accepted on the same terms. In conclusion it is to be noted that this -- wonderful congress of women ! composed of almost world wide representatives was characterized by the most comnfe nr,! n,i unanimity of work for the good of all and ras so comprehensive in scope as to link f f . - ju r 