WOMAN'S EXPONENT. won Saltair depot, where tbvv were joined by invited guests of ilie party,. Governor Spry and wife, Hon? John"' Henry Smith and wife, Senator W. N Williams arid wife, and other gentlemen vand ladies, a car fall. The day was fine, though rather too cold for bathing, but the pavilion and. its setting is a novelty in itself, and is one of the uliiquefeatures of our "mountain retreat." There whs an hour forgetting acquainted, and Mrs. Fitz, wlio has traveled extensively, seemed delighted with the company, the scenery and the view of the Dead Sea of America. The next place to be visited was the historic Lion House and Mrs. Fitz was shown over this famous dwelling piace, built in early days by the great pioneer, Brigham Young. In the room where pioneer relics were, Mrs. Zina Y. Card explained to Mrs. Fitz concerning' the interesting articles on exhibition. Afterwards the ladies repaired to the hall up stairs where a banquet was ' given in There were honor of the Prosident-General- . twenty of the I). R. members, including the guest of honor herself. The table was handsomely decorated in the Society colors, ribbons, flowers, place cards and all the pretty Mrs. Maria appointments neatly arranged. Y. Dougall offered in a few words a blessing on the repast, and each lady in turn read the sentiment on her place card, which was opening to "table talk." Later the Regent, Mrs. Home, introduced the W. N. Williams, in a very gracious way, with a humorous address, quite original and cnaracte.-isueaiiamusing. The toastmaster responded in an equally happy and genuine manner, receiving applause from the ladies present., Mrs. Wil-- , liams called upon Mrs. Dougall to give some, thing of the drama and amusements in early days in Utah, which was given in the most delightful and edifying way imaginable. rewas the next spond, and her toast to the pioneers is given in full on another page. The second Mrs, Lund, gave a brief rteume of "Early Education in Utah," very impressive and interesting, summing up in brief much important matter truly significant of the struggles and difficulties of pioneer teachers and the great efTorts made by the people who settled this Rocky Mountain region. Mrs. T. G. Webber gave the D. R. Society own characteristic way; it was a strong appeal, setting forth the nature and benefits of the General Societ' and what it had done in the last few years. (Mrs. Webber's speech on another page,) The editor of this paper had been asked to give the welcome to the President-Genera- l which she did in afew loving and gracious wordg stating it was the first time any of the General Officers had visited us; and that we felt greatly delighted and honored in having so grand and queenly a woman in our midst as our President-GeneralMrs. vr-vw.-u-fto- w- toast-master.Mr- s. y Mrs.-PrTrFarnsw- orth Vice-Regen- in-he- r , , A' 114. .. t, banquet was a delightful; affair, .as were all the functions given for Mrs. Fitz and we trust fhe realized how glad we were to have the o pportunity of honoring the President-General of the D. It., and that we apher fitness for. the position she ocpreciated cupies and her charming personality; her musical talent, aside from the high office she has been, called to, would endear her to Utah people, who are known the world over an limbic hrver. 7 the Stale Regent, Mrs. Saturday morning Home, and members of the Society accompanied Mrs. Fitz to the Tabernacle, where a special recital had been arranged for her by President Joseph F. Smith, Prof. McClellan at the great organ. Ai 12 p. in. a luncheon in her honor was given to the State Regent and officers of the I). R. at Mm. T G. Webber's residence. Covers were laid for twelve and the decorations were most artistic and in every detail, as well as the sumptuous re- " President-Gener- al - past. After the luncheon at Mrs. Webber's we had the pleasure of a call at this office from Mrs. Fitz, the President-Genera- l of the I). R Society, the State Regent, Mr. Home, and Mrs. Dougall, at whose house Mrs. Fitz has been entertained in the city as an. honored guest, and the writer had the pleasure of dining at Mrs. DougaH's Saturday evening, and conversing with Mrs. Fitz an hour or more until a party of us accompanied her to the theatre, as we were anxious she should see the Salt Lake" theatre, built by Brigham Young, the great pioneer in promoting amusements for the people. Mrs. Fitz left Sunday at 12:10, Nov. 14, 1901) for the east via Omaha, Milwaukee ami Chicago, expecting to reach her home in Wakefield, Mass., in good time for Thanksgiving. Her stay in Salt Lake was very enjoyable and, we hope, profitable to the Societj she represents, and we wish her success and a proa p e ro u .a a n d i succ essful ad ministration, as well as joy and happiness in all Tier vaiv ious pursuits. ED1TOTIAL NOTES. As it is nearing the close of the year and many of the subscribers to the Woman's Exponent are delinquent in their payments, some even several ears behind, it seems positively necesiary to remind them no doubt in most instances it is forgetfulness. It is something that the editor of this paper very much dislikes to doVraost papers and journals are largely maintained by adver tisements, but this paper depends entirely upon the subscription, one dollar a year froffe the sisters. We trust this notice will meet with the approval of our patrons so that we may be able to meet all expenses at the close of the year. The delegates from the N; W. R. S., Mrs. Alice Merrill Home, proxy fpr the President, Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith, and Mrs, Elizabeth S. Wilcox, delegate, attended officially the triennial session of the .National Council of Women of the United States, held in and were Seattle, Washington, July very cordially: welcomed and allotted every privilege due to the society they represented, and they were graciously received at all the grand functions given in. honor of both the National aniLinternational Councils. These two, ladits, Mrs. Horns and Mrs. Wilcox, in company with their husbands,1 -- 14-1- : -i- al esp.ecjf . cuished party of 'gentemenHkandr ladles of the International Council from abroad, first at a maghioVent banquet given in their honor at the Empress Hotel;" they were in time to hear the. program of toasts which must have been exceptionally brilliant and a very great pleasure. Mrs. Home says 4I enjoyed it so much meeting my dear Frau Marie Stritt, Dr. Alice Salotnan and some of the ladies from England! Scandinavia and Belgium that I had met before and some new people. It was a rnagnifcent occasion and the day was beautiful, perfect." Mrs. Home and Mrs. Wilcox were privileged to attend 4all the functions given and had excellent opportunities of conversing with the cultured women of the world, who are engaged in the highest educational and phrlianthropic work, for the betterment of society and humanity. - up-to-da- te responded meet , lovingly in genuine appreciation of rhe kindness and honors shown her, the hospitable entertainments, and that she should remember with rleasure the visit and the Society, hoping" we would gain" in members and strength and would soon have a Junior Society in which she had been Director-Generfor two years, and was greatly 'interested in the organization; her address was complimentary to the Society and replete V with visited Victoria and Vancouver previous to " the opening of the Council, and enjoyed the good wishes fofsnccess. The trip. very much, and Retuming:4o n-fact 6, MRS. ADELINE F. FITZ, PRESIDENT-dEN- . ERAL DAUGHTERS OF THE REVOLUTION. It often becomes necessary when inter preting patriotic personality to search out all its springs of action to follow up the links that bind it to a past. The importance. and influence of such characters as played so prominent a part in the birth of New England, as those of Mrs. Adeline Frances Fitz on the paternal ancestrial line: namely, Lieutenant James Torrey, who took the oath of office as early as 1G33. Captain Caleb Torrey, who lost his life while drying the town of Scituate's stock of gunpowder during the French and Indian war, Nicholas, one of the twelve men who founded Harvard College with Joan Elliott as pastor, at Roxbury assisting in the translation of the old Bay Psalm Book into Indian verse, John Slade, keeper of the famous Bite Tavern, opposite Faneuil Hall, Boston cannot but be of interest to those who C i a mi n er as uieir leauer. iier m a i e rn ai until after the close of the war of. 1812. Mrs. Fitz has been thoroughly trained along patriotic lines she has served two yearsas and Historian, two years as Massof as State Regent the three years She in that time sugachusetts Society. Vice-Regen- t, gested for her society two pieces of memor-- . ial work one as a state work, and one as a national work through, her energy and untiring work she saw them completed while in office. The first was a beautiful bronze tablet placed in the Boston Pubiic T t il .Liorar- y- 10 me writers oir patriotic verse and songs and the second the Gateway at Cambridge marking the spot where Washington took command of the American that of the army. iHer rlatest suggestion, Jl , iMemoriall ito il i me rounaers oi our Annapons navy and the Revolutionary sailor is welcomed with even greater enthusiasm by her patriotic sisters. Mrs.. Fitz is the daughter of David Slade, one of the oldest members of the Chamber of Commerce of Boston the wife of Judge Frank E. Fitz and the mother of three sons. Her life work outside of her family has been devoted to music and as a composer of songs she is recognized as a. icauci m iici uuujc cuait. iuuoii ui Aid compositions were proaucea as a pastime, , or to fit occasions in whi ch her friends were- interested and sought her assistance. They include a. vast number of hymn settings, nian'o solos and eons for kindergarten and concert use. She was finally induced to Tmhlish t.K Ronffa. and their annearancfi was 1 A '.I J . . ? 1 ? 