J J 4 T9 TV The Ballot in the hands oj' the Women of Vlah should CONTENTS. hiding Thoughts Autobiography A. W. C . 2.") ..Nancy M. Tracy IN. Program:"' Daughters of the Revolution Relief Society Stake Reports: Uintah 27 27 :!2. so ij 'Victory! victory!" she singeth; Over death and o'er the grate, Like a faithful beacon shining, Lives she on, the strong anil brave. 2H ... ,.. Kmmeline B. Wells PASSING THOUGHTS. 2S 2S .October! rich, rare, ripe October! Month of red and golden hues, Of purple skies and sparkling dews, Of ripened fruit and garnered sheaves, Of golden corn afld rustling leaves, Spring's hope and summer's.labor stilled, The promise of all dreams fulfilled, ,2t J 20 :J2 2") 2") 27 THE BEST OF ALL. mothers remember, when children are young. While you list to the prattle of innocent tongue, Ah you patiently answer the unending call, That now is the happiest season of all. h Women's Clubs. Victor Hugo paid that the 19th century was the woman's century; and some one else, equally great, though now I forget who, has said that the 20th century was the child's century, while the truth of this matter is that in the 19th century the world wojte up to the fact that progress is due to intellectual and not phy- sical forces, and when women decide to heed the soft patter of tottering feet, take off their kitchen aprons, and no longer Soothe gently the bruises that come from a fall, be counted as a simple fireside ornament, And remember these days are the noblest of all. or household drudge, but sometimes to think and Work with man beyond the narrow limWhen you hush them to sleep with yourlullaby its of "four walls," then the rapid time song, Those iuoments of joy sweet mother prolong, of true development began. For time with its changes may come as a pall, Women, with their subtler, finer intuiWhen they've sllpptd from your arras beyond tions, receiving educational advantages have vour recall. become a power in the world, and instinctThen hold them secure in clingirfg embrace, ively their interests turn towards the better In the folds of your love to ever have place training and care of the child. Women of Through sorrow, e'en sin, whatever befall and constant through leisure no longer sit making mittens Encompassed by mother-love- , r all. pin cushion's for foreign missions, but are delving into the problems of their home l or ah there will come, as moments flit on, towns, sanitary, moral, educational, and all A time when the bliss of these days, will be gone. conditions with an aim to wipe out the imFond memory only, all you can recall. Of these hours that will e'er be the dearest of all. pure and unclean, both in thought and of progress Then breathe a soft prayer as you lull them to deed, and keep the standard on the rise, to bring about a transformation sleep, That Angels their watch-car- e forever may keep, not only for the benefit of the present generHe hears e'en the ravens He heeds every call, ation, but for those yet to come. The true His love the sublimest divinest of all! worth of club women is not to gain political, Ellis R. Shipp, M.D. financial or socialdistinction, though aljare good in their place, but to educatewomen tp the necessities of their surroundings, and SHE MATH GONE. unitedly to better and uplift them. Higher (Lines dedicated to Sister Lydia Clayton and better ideals not onlyfor the woman Thatcher, deceased, by Grace Ingles Frost.) and the child, but for all mankind is the reThe Latter-dasult of women's clubs. She hath gone, and though we miss her. Saint women have their own organizations, Still we know she liveth on, In that land beyond the shadows, which have been of great benefit to them, Where we all shall meet ere long. and there is nothing that is good and true and elevating, which cannot be introduced Shehath gone, hath left all sorrow, into them; Indeed, if we wish to advance Laid her heavy burdens down; Gone to meet her loved ones waiting. and keep up the pace of progress with the She hath triumphed won her crown. women of advanced thought, we must study and learn and take advantage of all oppor"Deadl'we sang, hut, oh, 'tis error She hath just begun to live', tunities. By liberal discussions in our Called unto a higher mission, ; meetings of those things that pertain to our There her loving help to give. own education and advancement, as well as that of .our children, mingled , with the. testi SBall we grieve oeFher, ouTsisfefTTrh Death for such can have no sting. . mony, and faith of our religious' sentiment, "She is with the ransomed numbered," r we may become foremost among all Hark! the Hosts of Heaven sing. women. V: She hath gone, our well beloved, Fine Feathers. That fine feathers make Gone to forge within the chain, fine birds is an old maxim taken for granted One more link more strong to bind us To that life which knows not pain,, these- ages past; but is. it true? Do the h h list to the voices so tender and sw eet, . y - - v. Nati on. No. 4. clothes one wears prove one either the true Are clothes either lady or true gentleman? a guide or a help to the insight of character? I do not think so. Not long since, while waiting for a parcel in a large department store, a little lady, very plainly, almost shabbily dressed was almost rudely brushed aside by the gentlemanly ? floor walker as he mshed forward to meet two young women, who had just entered the store. The girls were quite beautifully dressecl. As they passed, there was a rustle of silk skirts, a strong odor of perfume and a flutter-o- f waving feathers. were most They politely shown to the department they wished, and some one summoned to wait on them. The little lady notedv the difference, how she had patiently awaited her turn at the counter, made her s necessary purchases and without any prepared to leave the store. It hap-- t pened that the same car on which this little woman returned home were these two young women and. this is part of the conversation she overheard: "My, I'm tired, I believe I've tried on every suit in town today." "Say, wasn't some of 'em swell, and ain't it just fun to turn around in front of them big looking glasses and see your- sen in sucn nnery, i ieit aimosi ncn m mat while to tell the fifty dollar cloak h truth I didn't have a cent but car fare.' Now the girls in the stores had fitted and displayed their goods to these two women, believing by their appearance that they -- could been grossly imposed upon. The two had only been idling away an afternoon around town, trying on expensive gowns just for . :io "John Stevens' Courtship" "Thrilling Incidents"....... Editorial Notes..... Henry Browne lilackwell Best of All. .Ellis R.Shipp.M.D. Pnetry:-T- he She Hath Gone. ...... . .Grace Ingles Frost Progress Let tier then enjoy her blessings, Ah! drive not her light by tears, She hath passed from woe to gladness, Laid aside all earthly fears, . ' Tante Kora, 1 Sketch...... In Memoriain K'litorial: vVilfonl Woodruff President William II. Tuft O'eneral Relief .Society. Conference j a Vower to hfltev the Ilome, the 'Hate and the SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER, 1909. Vol. 38. Alpine he -- form-altie- amusement. - . . A very lovely young woman, who is a nurse by profession was sent to the case of a young. married womaawho had no provision in her home for her approaching sickness, not any decent underwear or bed linen or little wardrobe, but loungecf around all day soiled wrapper and slipshod slippers, reading cheap novels, and every evening dressed up in a lace trimmed gown and a picture hat and sauntered out to meet her. husband. The nurse thought perhaps she felt that while she, the nurse, was there she might as well take things easy, bat every-- , thing indicated that these habits were the usual thing a.nd surely no true lady would be so very negligent of herself. A lady just Teturned from a trip through the northwest, made the remark how simply and neatly the women she had met dressed, especially on the streets, and then compared them to our own girls at home, saying that the evening previous she had been out to the Lake', and a storm came up, and. she was quite sure she had seen hundreds of dollars worth of millinery destroyed, not to speak of the wet and bedraggled appearFew ance of the elegant summer gowns. jn :i hudTvTaps4)f-any-km- d health was menaced. Surely a well and elegantly dressed woman is. a beautiful sight but that does not follow that one's clothes are the standard of one's breeding. Good taste and simplicity in dress; for street wear in particular, are " 