J; WOMAN'S JHzr.-fher- Many through, have been led to' see'1 the condition they a were in, and turn and renew their diliLet us do unto gence in the Church. others by being charitable to those who may have taken ihe wrong course and try and lead them back to the straight path. Ringing, "Jesus, lover of my soul." by the " Ilclief Society choir. Hbter Harker spoke a few words on the Nurse classes, advising the sisters who ran to take advantage of the ofler made by Dr. Koherts, so the people may have an opportunity of securing good nurses when in need of them. Sitter Susan Grant congratulated Alpine Stake on such a good attendance. Remembered President Bathsheba W. Smith and Sister Wells to the sisters, and urged them to subscribe for the Exponent, that I feel happy was the organ of the Society. in being here, I have enjoyed these meetIn blessing others you ings immensely. are blessing yourselves. I was first a teacher We had to go a in the Relief Society. mile and a half to every meeting in early days, and a long distance to walk to visit Teachers ehould be the best our district. women in the Society,and be able to talk on any principle of the Gospel. A. teacher's otlice is very important. Members, too, are important, and it is our duty to mind that we are present to answer to roll call. 1 was acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith. I was twelve years old when he died, and can remember him and how he looked. The pictures we see of him do not do him justice. He was a much finer looking man than they show him. He was full of love and kindness to the people. He was hunted all his life, and his enemies thought when they took his life that that would end Mor-monis- m, but that was not the plan of God. I know that each of our Prophets and Presi-dent- s have been and are men of God, and .in the rightplace. The Churchris beauti- fully organized, and we must honor those who are over us. - We all have some faults let us overlook them in others, and love and sustain each other." Brother A. J. Evans. of the Stake Presiin the 'testimony of Sister dency, rejoiced ' Grant, for I honor the Pioneers, not only of work. Spoke Utah, but of the Latter-daon charity," and quoted from the Book of Mormon. Charity is the pure love of Christ,. let us think of this. You sisters have your part to perform in the drama of life. May the Lord bless sister Standring in her high position, and all of you, that And you may be exalted in His kingdom. I bless you in behalf of my. brethren in the y name of Jesus.'' President Standring also blessad the sisters in the name of Jesus. Benediction by Sister Clark. Singing. Conference adjourned for three months. E. J, T. Roberts, Cor. Sec. HENRY BROWNE BLACKWELL. ( Continued He was j in from page 32 instrumental financially founding the Woman's Journal;Boston,Mass.in 1870,, and was nearly 40 years onthe editorial i an ntnar fjeenonet)t? themost -- emcient aids in woman's worlf ever, since its first issue and is farthe best woman's news & issue of Sept. 11, in whichTapr pearsthe notice of his death. The subject deals with the question 01 different methods pears in-t-he EXPONENT.- -. 35 of .work for suffrage in England and Artfon ca. M.' Blackwell was always, an old-linRepublican in principle,".and had voted for every Republican president. It is impossible to evert barely mention the many, e enterprises he had engineered and, the courage .and tenacity with which he persevered under great difficulties. Mr. Blackwell was a member of the old Literary club of Cincinnati to which Rutherford B Hayes and 'Ainsworth R. SpalTord late Librarian 'of Congress and other men afterward prominent, belonged; and was one of a group of young men who were instrumental in bringing Ralph Waldo Emerson and Theodore Parker out to the West to lecture. The death of Wm. Lloyd Garrison followed only five days after that of his life long friend Mr. Blackwell, Sept. 12, 190!), but was not so unexpected as he had been Like his father failing for some months. his home was always open to the field ', woman agents and lecturers on and reform kindred suffrage movements, a universal and all around reformer. He demanded justice and equal rights for all regardless of sex, complexion or nationality. He might easy be termed a radical, supported Home Rule in Ireland, was active in the League, denounced the war with Spain and conquest of the Philipines. Mr. Garrison worked earnestly for the Armenians and Moors. The single tax movement had his most hearty sympathy and support. He had a finished literary style, in all his works, an omniverous reader of books and of current periodical literature, fond of poetry, sometimes indulged in writing verses as a sort of pastime. It is impossible to give an idea of this remarkable man in a few words, but it is said of him "That he never set his hand to a bad cause'and never turned his back on a good one." He was modest unassuming, circle of and sociable and had a world-wid- e friendsinhisowncountry and- - across the sea. It is said he was intensely sympathetic and generous to the needy, and most unselfish in alfthe relations of life. In accordance with his request no funeral services were held and the simplest possible casket contained his remains. He leaves a wife (the niece of Lucretia Mott), five children and six grandchildren. A memorial meeting will, be held in his honor at which representatives of the reformatory movements in which he was an E. B. W." active worker will participate. anti-slaver- Anti-Imperia- l long three months' march across the. deso late untraversed plains west of the- Mississ Salt Lake. ippi to the' Valleyrol ijiey neineu to Jay me nrst connecting iinb Deiween tne ureat hast ana rar nest, which made travel safe and emigration sure. They carded, spun and wove the cloth that families, they protected and clothed cooked, sewed, washed and made their homes comfortable and always gave a cordial welcome to the stranger within our .gates. They, in some instances helped plant and harvei-- t the crops, and although many of them had been well educated and tenderly cartd for all their former lives, in times of extreme danger on the lrontier tney guarded their homes and babies from tho attacks of marauding Indians, while husbands and sons were in other parts, providing food or in the discharge of duties. Like our Colonial Dames, our Revolution Grandmothers, they gave their strong support, iheir heart's love, hope, faith, fidelity and patriotism in colonization work, in helping establish the great commonwealth in this western "wild of America. God bless their memories, and may we, their daughters and granddaughters, never do ought that will desecrate, mar or cast a shadow upon the character of our true, honorable, heroic mothers, the Pioneer Women of Utah. - the-Grea- t' thf-ir- . Julia P. M. Fakxswokth. Historian. U. S. S. Toast given at the Lion House, Nov. 12, 1900, by Mrs. Mary E. R. Webber: Madam Regent, President-Gener- al and Daughters: It is my happy previlege this evening on behalf of the Daughters of the Revolution of the State of Utah to speak of our Society. Since the birth of the General Society, some sixteen years ago, it has grown and multiplied and Fpread .over the full extent of this American continent, and has become a great force in the land. It has promoted the spirit of patriotism in every loyal heart, not only in the parents, but in the children. It has filled them with a spirit of loyalty to our country that has no equal in It has bound toany other land on earth. gether the hearts of every true American citizen as with bands of steel. The General Society stands for and represents true patriotism, for is not eveiv member a" lineal descendant, of a patriot, one who stood for liberty, or death and the aim of the Society is to in some way commemorate their brave acts Dy placing monuments ana lames on the sacred spots where heroes fought and died. This, and to perpetuate inthe hearts of tbe people America's independence is it : U ! Ti 1. ana wmie we, it. lue lyaugmeia-y- i gi llie wont; fair Utah, have no hallowed ground to tread, or sacred spots to mark, we give our aid, our love and our loyalty to the General Society; may it forever remain true to the cause for which it was organized; and may its power in the land for good continue to increase until every true American woman will, say, as Webster said, at the laying of the cornerstone at Bunker Hill mouument: "I was born an American; I shall live an American; I shall die an American." -- D. R. TOASTS. Delivered at the Daughters of the Revolution Banquet given at the Lion House, 12th November, in honor of Mrs. Fitz, President-General of the National D. R. Society. The Pioneer Women of Utah came of a fine, patriotic line of ancestry, many of their forefathers, their grandparents were of the aid stanch colonial patriots who came to America as early aH830, and a few even at Their progeniters a period prior to that. held positions of trust in church and state, were in Jhe Revolution as officers and fought at Lexington, Bunker Hill. Cowpens, Stillwater, Bennington, Quebec, sol-diers,a- Saratoga;were wi.th nd Washingtonat .'Valley Forge the memorable winter of 1777 and 1778, in fact, all through the Revolution until the surrender of Cornwallis at York Town. Our Pioneer Women in connection wtth the men of 47 8 suffered the privation; want, almost starvation incident to their 1 v Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Gillman has brought out the first issue of her bright, new magaIt is full of original zine, the Forerunner. and suggestive matter, and all of it is writ- - ten by herself, even the advertisements Ex. ; 