Ml or m X Tfie I mm - mm m " 1 Ballot in the hands of the f 1- Women Vol. 38. - - ... , LI of Utah should le a Power to letter the Home; the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST, 1009. CONTENTS. Jesus that we may obtain the rest that remains to those who endure unto the end. We cannot help missing those who are near and dear it is. only nntural, yet we would not call them back if we could; and PAGE In Meuioriaui of Lydia Ann Alley Wells.. ...... . ,....E. B. W. . Notes and News Letters Foreign XrienniatHeport of the National Woman's Erameline B. Wells ; Kelief Society Outline for Mothers Work Kelief Society School of Nurses Editorial:-"O- ur Inland Sea" International Council Delegates Laura M. Hyde Miner Poetry: Life is Worth the Living . Hope The City of the 6aints...Lydia D. Alder 9 lO " 11 - ! therefore we bow in submission with the best grace possible, and try to acknowledge the hand of the Lord, and not grieve the Holy Spirit but cherish its divine influence, and go on our way trying to bear all things whatsoever experiences or chastenings come to us. 14 15 ....... lti 12 12 13 9 11 m &:' I . Wt, ..... .i,. 'They are not lost; they are within the door . That shuts out loss, and every hurtful thing With angels bright and loved ones gone before, In their Kedeemer's presence evermore, And God Himself their Lord, and Judge and . King.? LIFE 13 WORTH THE LIVINO. - i I i . Oh life is worth the living, from the cradle to the grave, With all its light and shadow, if the spirit is but brave; For the mystic web' it weaveth, touched memory's magic spell, Art picture's in soul chamber's where the spirit loves to dwell. IN HEMORIAM. Oh life is worth the living, for the sunshine and LypIA ANN ALLEY WELLS. by. Oh life is worth the living, for the little baby's' smile, Its loving touch and prattle, the lingering hour's bequile; For the glow and warmth of youth time, life's mystic fairy-lan- d For the pearl's and gems that sparkle along its golden strand. Oh life is" worth the living, for fond parental ' ! I 4 I love. Type of that higher Parenthood, in our dear home above, For the silver threads of friendship twining a cable strong, For the touch of sweet humanity, in life's un- numbered throng. Oh life is worth the living, to know God lives on high, That the spirit is immortal, and can never, never -- t 1 I 1 We need not be forg tful of those by the dew. The diamond dew that sparkles like a sweet thought pure and true. in the treetops For the little warbling song-bird- s soaring high, Fot the music of the breezes, so softly passing No. 2. ward way. The tenderness of the hours we have spent together can never die out, we may be absorbed in our daily pursuits but ever and anon the past comes back to U3 and we pause and listen and momentarily recollection comes like the flash of a meteor So many of the pioneer Saints have pass ed away of late that we who are left feel very keenly the loss of their society and of their living testimony of the divine mission also of the Prophet Joseph Smith. awakens in us many tender emotions and vivid remembrances of days gone by, when we passed through stirring scenes and events Jt together. that go away, there are many beautiful thingB" to cherish in the associations of the past, that we are happier for remembering, that sweeten our lives, as it 'were, and help us in our on- and is gone again. Our dear sister and friend of whom we write has finished her mission here on earth and has made her calling and election sure, we verily believe; but it is our duty to record the life and works of a woman like Sis- :. at such times the .beautiful poem of Thomas Moore which expresses the sentiment of many hearts, lonely because of those who are no longer with us here. One recalls ter Lydia Ann Wells, born at a time when the gospej was restored in the last dispensa-tion- , privileged to receive its teachings and " gather with the Saints in her youth. ' Sister Wells comes of good Puritan ancestors, who came across the ocean in 1834. The Alleys settled Jn Lynn, Mass-- , and the Symonds, her mother's family Mass., the same year. George Alley and '"Oft in the stilly night, Kre slumbers chain has bound me, Fond Memory brings the light . Of other days around me; The smiles, the tears, Of childhood's years The words of love then spoken, The eyes that shone, Now dimmed and gone, The cheerful hearts now broken! Thus in the stilly night Ere Slumber's chain hath bound me. Sad Memory brings the light Of other days aroupd me. in-Sal- em, " Mary Symonds were married in Sept. 15, 1822. (The first child was Margaret, a daughter, who subsequently when a beautiful young woman, became the wife of Brigham Young; she was the mother of two children, a the Rock, To stand against the wildest, the tempests fiercest n daughter and a son, the daughter, is shock. When I remember all here, Mrs. Evelyn Davis; the son, The friends thus link'd together Mahonri married Miss Agnes Mcintosh and Oh life is worth the living, for the wrecks along seen around me fall I've there were three children; the father died in the shore, Like leaves in wintry weather Where the wild wave's dash upon them, and tjie 1 feel like' one, 1884; one of the sons, Mahonri Young, is return.no more, ships Who treads alone now quite a famous artist and sculptor-o- f For they are safely. anchored, in the Heaven of Some banquet hall deserted, , whom. Utah is justly proud today.) the blest, Whose lights are lied, Where the wicked cease from troubling, and the Lydia Ann the subject of this sketch was 7 Whose garlands dead, the second child of these goodly people; ihe weary are at rest And all but he departed! Hope. was bom on New Year's dayT828 in Lynn, Thus in the stilly night, bound has me, Ere Slumber's chain Essex Co., Mass. When she was a' little Sad Memory brings the light girl, in 1830, her parents moved to Salem, ; Of other days around me." her mother's former home, and it was there Hilda Stowe, a granddaughter of Harriet in 1811, the Gospel found them. The Elders So many dear friends have taken their deBeecher Stowe,' the author of ''Uncle Tom's were Erastus Snow and Benjamin Winchesof late; to "that bourne from whence parture Cabin," will make her debut on the prof es no traveler returns' that were it not for the ter; the Alleys were believers at once, and sional stage next October. Miss Stowe has revealed from heaven, that has were baptized in 1842 and started for Nau-vo- o light glorious had considerable experience as an. amateur. the same year. They were late in startQconMticp nf v mfifitinff our loved r niio Uu on ail aoouiuuvv glVCIi the:. Mississippi be almost unendurable- .- ing however and ce-in ones- - again, new constitution for South We, who believe and wrio Know u we are river hintlered their' progress and they were Africa turns over the control of school and faithful to the end, we shall join them sooner obliged to stop first at Alton and again at Quincy, Illinois, before reaching Nauvoo, municipal affairs on which women hitherto or later where there, wiftbfe no more death have had a vote, to Provincial Councils, for or sorrow but joy forevermoreought not to the gathering place of the Saints at that " time.- , which women cannot vote. Both Duth indulge in excessive grief,xbut "press on toI was in Ann 4844 Christ Sister Lydia and British women are protestingivigorously. baptized ward the mark of the high calling, in die, To know that His great kingdom is built upon well-know- -- , , . . " ; -- r-- , i -J- it-wou- ld The-propose- -- , - 1. ' . 