t. J " i , -- - - - j - . TJ 1 I 1 I 't The Ballot in the hands of the Women of I'tah should he a Power to letter the Jlomei Hie Slate ami the Nation. i' SALT LAKE CIT.Y, UTAH, NOVEMBER, 1909. Vol. 38. A CONTENTS. A Reminiscence lip-um- e JU lipf r AGE 8. E. Kusfiell Sixth Triennial Transactions Society Stake' Reports: Alpine Ogden 33 33 31 3S ... ? 30 Nebo Nancy M. Tracy Autobiography President-General Mrs. Adeline F. Fitz, Daughters of the Revolution .: .. Advance Notice IV. B. E. well Black Henry Browne i. K. Toasts Iu Memoriam Our Founder-Genera- l N .tes and News Kditorial: President Smith's Birthday ... - Thanksgiving Dr.TaTmage's New Book s Visit Kditorial Notes Poetry: -- The Battle Hymn of the Mothers .... President-General'- 3J 37 38 :i 3.") 3S 3S 40 30 30 30 30 37 33 HYMN OF THE flOTMERS. THE BATTLE HERTIE KATE SIIITLEV. HY tur eves shall see the glory of "the coming of the Lord," woman is exalted and to her place restored, And her hand shall cast the ballot that is strongWhen er than the sword. While the hosts are inarching on. Chorus. Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! The mothers are marching on. There's a mighty host advancing with a fluttering of wings, Led by the ness sines;, fire-bor- spirit that through all dark n Ind the sound of myriad voices through the heavenly arches rings, While the hosts are marching on. To this earthly throne of justice, with a slow and steady beat, Move the mothers of all ages, with their worn and weary feet; They are "sounding fortfhVthe trumpet that shall never sound retreat," While the hosts are marching on. -- The heralds swift are coming with the message from all lands That laws shall now be measured in the scale of mother hands, Hear, oh, hear, ye people! Welcome Justice as she stands, Where the hosts are marching on. When the father and the mother march equal in the right, '. And the little children-folloin the pathway of ' this light, Then Peace shall 'wave her banner and banish all the night, As God shall lead them on. ; - , w Bing, oh, sing, ye people! Shout Hosanna with . the throng! Let the voices of the nation bear trm glorious notes along, . , And sound the joyful measures of the mothers ' . ' battle song, While the hosts are marching on! Woman's Journal, Mass. : ' N5 faith ie to be given to the stones about suffragettes biting an4 jscraCcEing police-ineThey are malicious fabrications. audiences come face to face with Mrs. Pankhurst, they ' will .see whether she is a woman to do or to encour. When-Ameri- can age such things. Ex. n. RUniNISCENCE. Colonia Chuichupa, Nov. ;J, 1909. Mrs. E. H. Wells: Dear Sistek: of our lives we In looking over the years find our memory pictures among our most precious treasures, sunny pictures, rainbow tinted, in tl e realms of childhood and youth, pictures shadowy with d and pitiful, pain and anguish, yet. oh, how we cling to them through the days and years that come and go. To my stories of such pictures, many more were added during our visit of the Lift six months to kindred and friends in Utah, and in visiting and parsing to and fro in. old familiar places, how many thoughts come to me, as a flock of sweet singing birds, and scenes long hidden in the midst of years appear fresh and bright before me. I need not. tell to you who know so well, what sacred memories dwell and cling around our Temple block, and the old walls that shield I am rot a it from curious, prying eyes. I curio hunttr, but brought a piece of the old time wall home with me to Mexico, for it i3 the preface of a book of memory to me. One day as I stood on the southeast corner looking at the beautiful new Deseret News Building, I remembered one night I stood there long ago, and watched the old time Council House fall beneath merciless flames that left but a smoking pile of ruins, and then the art gallery of Brother Charles Savage a victim, too, of the same fierce element. I can see him walking about amid tli e ruins as he"d id tha t morn i .1 g loo kin g upon the fruits of years of anxious care and toil swept away in an hour, yet life was calm and still had a smile and kindly word for the friends who gathered there that dajT. It was a favorite place of mine, for I loved to look at the pictures and books there. Once I remember, as I stood before a beautiful picture, choking back the tears it called forth, he came" and said, "Why look Here is a so long upon this sad picture? beautiful, more cheery one, look at it." have always remembered the lesson given m those few words, and how the sunshine of his great hea1:t was so freely sharedwith all who came within its reach. And still as I stood there, the stately Templeton faded away and I saw the plain, white home of Brother Wells, the "Daniel" of the Latter- days, and I remember one day when he wts weighed in the balance and not fonnd wanting. And again,, as I looked upon the monument of our Brigham Young, with those grand representatives of pioneer days "grouped around him, they became living ?beingfi to me. Oh, the pictures are many that hang around that monument. I seem to hear his voice, as I heard it first in the did' adobe tabernacle, the bowery, and later the grand new tabernale, still the admira-- . ti6n and "wonder of all whoeee itr .Yes; I seem to hear again his words of encourage ment, of counsel and warning, and words of work of bod in mighty faith in and his testimony of the these latter-daydivinity of the mission of the Prophet Joseph tear-staine- . J , the-gre- at s, Smith; and I saw him at rest from his or? lab- that day when all who knew him " No. 5." mourned the Joss of a true and faithful friend and leader. .. One visit to Ensign with a company of Tempi workers, the words of inspiration spoken then, with a most pleasant social gathering at the home of a sister on our return, is something to linger long in the memory of that little party. Then again, the reunions of the remaining members of the Fifteenth Ward choir, and with their children, renewing ties of love and friendship of the spring and summer seasons of life, to feel again the warm baud clasp after years of separation was $ joy unspeakable to me. It was hard for me to go to the last gathering at Saltair, for I knew it would be our last meeting for years, if ever again in life; but there were fond remembrances' of the past around the table spread with all good things, and looking out on. the beautiful lake. We were young again, and time's finger marks were all swept away. Again we watched the sun sinking in, the waters, leaving a golden glow upon the tiny wave: lets, and here I feel to pray heaven's choicest blessings rest upon those who helped to make our visit so pleasant for us. Of our days in the Temple I may not write, they are too sacred to me. When sometimes the veil of mortality seemed drawn away, and we could feel the presence of our loved one on the other sidp. Again, may God's blessings rest upon the faithful workers there, and may the sweet spirit of peace and love found within its walls never depart from us. .reXow dear old City Creek claims membrance, for it sang- to me the Old Songs" of happy boys and girls, and I 4 - 7aughTdthis summer-ivh- err J-a- aw it-bu- rst the bonds set by man, rushing onward to the great lake, for it seemed to me a type of the great Fountain of Truth flowing on to the ihores of eternity, while the puny arm of man is raised in vain to stay its progress. Do I weary you, dear friend, with my wandering thoughts? For fear of doing so, I will close with a prayer for our beautiful city and her speedy deliverance ' from all that would mar or dim her glory. As ever, your friend and sister, S.E.Russell. RESUME SIXTH TRIENNIAL TRANSAC- - , TIONS. The Sixth Triennial session of the National Council of Women of the United States was held in Seattle.Washington, July 1909, with Mrs. Mary Wood Swift, President,, presiding. In the absence of both secretaries, Mrs. Flo Jamison Miller was appointed to act as; Recording Secretary dur- -' ing the session. The first meeting was held in the Auditorium of the A. Y. P. Exposi- Hon and was an executive session for members only. Minutes of the Union City Exec-- " utive were read and discussed. Mrs. Stevens read report of committee on revision of constitution, but after some discussion the report was referred to same committee for further revision, was to be referred to executive organizations and complete report made The at some subsequent meeting names of Mrs 'Emmeline B.'.Wells and Mrs, 14-1- 6, , r ( ' fv 