WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 54 art lf.W necessary that they should be on the watch to protect that which is stored; and to re- -' pienish their granaries, for should there - really be a lack of breadstuff, the money in the bank would not help them. Jt is.a long time.now since the.counpel, was given, and doubtless gome have grown weary of taking care of the wheat stored, but surely all rejoice that so far there has not been such".great necessity for its being disbursed, yet to be prepared for euoh an emergency must be a satisfaction in itself. And after all the grain on hand would not - be sufficient to feed a great array of hungry people. - To have granaries full of wheat is something women need never be ashamed of, and if in a good state of preservation it is certainly commendable for any community, and, quite a remarkable undertaking for women, yet quite in keeping with a charitableTeociety organized for benevolent purposes. And it is a sacred duty and obligation to keep it against a time of scarcity and famine. It is a step in a direction never undertaken by women before in any period of the world, and as the counsel came from President Brigham Young, prophet, seer and there is every reason to believe that he foresaw the wisdom of such a movement, in order to keep a supply of grain on hand for any emergency that might arise, that the children might not cry for bread as in the time of the grasshopper devastation. The fact of taking care of the grain stored cannot be emphasized too much. - ; " , rev-elato- r. , v y ; .SOCIAL HALL PARTIES. ' i- soul-stirrin- g transpired. Sister Gates like her- illustrious father Brigham Young has a fertile brain. - The Genealogical Society gave a party Thursday evening, April 8th, in honor of the At the handsome residence of Mr. and veterans of the famous Zion's camp that went Mrs. Ovando Beebe, Wednesday, March 24, up to Missouri in 1834, leaving Kirtland in 1909, a delightful afternoon party was given the month of April; the Prophet Joseph in honor of Mrs. Beebe'a mother Sister EmSmith being in charge of the company conma S. Woodruff, whose birthday occurs sisting of over one hundred and fifty d March 1st, but as that is also the annivemen with twenty baggage wagons. Wilford of Woodruffs President late the rsary History has recorded this remarkable journey is celebrated all and generally by made on foot in that early day. Of all those birthday his numerous posterity, it is only fitting that who went forth at that time young and vigSister Emma should have a select party of orous only one man (so far as known) surher own intimate friends. It was the real vives today, Brother Nathan Tanner now ninety-fou- r years of age, on his birthday of was a guest honor with sister Woodruff. May 14, 1909. Brother Tanner's daughter After an hour or two spent in greeting and came with her venerable father and her huscongratulations the guests were called to the band, Hon. F. S. Richards, to the party. spacious dining room, where two long tables' This veteran survivor attended the party were set with elegant china service and cut in the Social Hall and spoke to the people glass, each table for twenty persons; giving briefly some salient points of the rebeautifal flowers in profusion shed sweet markable journey being commemorated. fragrance, but best of all were the dear faces Elder W. W. Riter made some explanae of friends, and the hum of happy voices made time fly "swiftly. At each plate tions, in regard to that remote but interesting period when the Church was in its infancy. a card with name and motto. , Sisters Woodruff and McDonald. Were It is well that the younger members of the seated side by side at the head of one of the Church" should know from living witnesses some of- - the. struggles of the' early days in" tables, and it is needless to add that they the establishing of this great work which has were beautifully dressed. Brother The menu was perfect in all its details, grown to such large proportions. and served ' by charming young girls which Tanner cannot have too much honor for the added zest to.the enjoyment of the, delicious part he has taken not only in Zion's camp but in pioneering, in this Western country. repast. Toasts wBre given by some of the He was ploughing in the field when he ladies present to which the two guests of was called to go up to Missouri a lad ninehonor responded in a few choice words. In fact the affair might well be termed a festive" teen years of age. It was a sort of perilous undertaking. Looking back upon it Brother for its good cheer and harmony of fellow- - Tanner must feel a great satisfaction" in recalling his intimate association with the These social gatherings are essentially great Prophet of this last dispensation. restful to women who lead busy lives. Mrs. There was good "music and dancing and ueeoe is to pe congratulated on tne brilliant the evening" was" enjoyable because of re. success of the entertainment, and certainly miniscences and greetings of old friends and hp. Iflnipa Will ncrAP that cVo ?a o nlinTrninn' .acquaintances, even for those who did not hostess. .' ' dance. BIRTHDAY PARTY. able-bodie- old-tim- i 1- -I r " ' A T7tJ " A RTT" MTTTTAT T a remarkable coincidence that Sisters Annie Taylor Hyde and Sophia Taylor Nuttall both of one family should depart thia life bo near to each other one on March 12 and the other March 20. Sister Harriet Ann Taylor Badger another sister only fivo months previous. Both Sister Badger and Sister Nuttall had been missionaries in the General Relief Society for some years and faithful in performing service whenever called to go out among founders of thev Church. curean. The surprise however was in giving on a screen of canvass arranged on the platform pictures in Church history, commencing with the birthplace of the Prophet Joseph Smith and showing the progress of the work in its advancement from place to place, and year to year. It was distinctively original in its presentation and its delineation, on the canvass. Sister Susa Young Gates herself made suitable explanations as the pictures were changed, which made it easy for, the, un initiated to comprehend all the details of the progress of the proceedings. Toward the close when Nauvoo was given President Joseph F. Smith gave briefly interesting reminiscences of those days and his childish reevents that collections of some 'n !"" It seems rather The. Genealogical Society gave an unique entertainment in theSocial Hall in honor of the home coming of President Joseph F. Smith and party after the visit to.the Sand . which Islands and to the descendants of the Supper was Eerved in the. dining room three tables the. entire length of the Toom being filled with guests and served by the members of the Society to every variety of delicacies to satisfy the most fastidious Epi 'i(nn( A. the sisters. Sister Hyde as is well known was Counselor to the President of the General Society so all these sisters had been associated in this important work. Sister Nuttall had visited some of the faraway Stakes Alberta and Taylor in Canada, and quite a number of others North" and South; she was full of zeal and was humble in spirit, and gentle in manner. always had a smile and kind word for her friends. At a meeting of the Relief Society of the Seventeenth ward held Tuesday, January 19, 1909, at the residence of Brother and Sister Andrew Jenson Sister Nuttall bore her testimony to the Gospel, and gave some good instructions to the sisters; she testified of the goodness of God in raising her from a bed of sickness; and those who saw her on that , occasion felt she would live to go among the people again, and labor in the Society We had no idea then we as heretofore. should never hear or see her in this life but this was her last public message to the' sisters, though we knew it not. The meeting was a reunion and birthday party as well in honor of Sister Fanny T. Howell an English sister the mother of Sisters Andrew Jenson, who was 80 years of age on that day and also Sister Abbie H. Cowley's birthday who was present. It was a sort of banquet, and geniality and congratulations which made it a very happy occasion. Sister Nuttall participated in it and. enjoyed the affair seemingly as much as the others. Thus it is in the midst of life, we know not who may be called next. There was very good music also; solo sing-an- d a recitations, and General President W. Smith spoke feelingly of the ward fhere she had for some time been President of that Society and mentioned someof those assuuiaieu wuu lici m mo wui&. wuu uau since passed away, spoke in praise of Sister Marinda N. Hyde an intimate friend and neighbor tne former rresiaent; it was a very interesting meeting and a good spirit, many excellent things were said worthy of record 5 Bath-sheb- and remembrance. ; Sister Sophia T.NuttalPs funeral was held in the Seventeenth Ward Chapel on Tuesday, March 23, Bishop F. S. Tingey in charge. The speakers were Elder Matthias Cowley, President John R. Winder and President Anthon H. Lund also the Bishop; all testified of the excellent traits of character of the deceased; her beautiful motherhood, her devotion as a wtfe and particularly as a ;., neighbor and friend. There were many lovely floral offerings i i i ?i- i it i ttxiu ji.ujtj uau was lasieiuuy arapeu m wmie, fittipg emblem of purity. The Relief Society sisters in the big Utah with a profusion of nowers occupied a suitable place in the procession that followed the remains of the de- r Darted to the pravft. - i.-- i- ii . 1 i tt iruuy uur. xieaveniy : ' ii atner r i comiori-- . anuj - console the orphan children who are left atherle3s and motherless, m&y thw io- InW irLitVlA-fAntflfA- na fVioiiLKrvnoro fatViP.r and mother Brother and Sister Nuttall. 1 