. 30 have . : WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Woman exponent S "EMUEL1XE 11. WELIJi, Editor and Publisher AXSIE WELLS CAXXO.W Assistant Editor. I'ubiishcil monthly in Suit Lk- City, Ctah. Term:. ft-one copy one year, 1.00; on.- - copy six mouthy :0 d rs d n by liy. City pap-No rr.lurtion made for club.-?mail, extra for poxta onry'r, ""; liix ..f Aflverthinir rate: Kadi .simr.-- . A libi-rnfJ.O'i. tinuf per month, j.arlel tyw one - . rt. t.-- n l - discount to regular advertisers. s Kxponent office room-2- 8 and 2'J, --'nd !lu..r ltihoj. hours Hudifrm Building 41 North Main Stnet, 10 a. m. to 5 p. in., every day, except Sunday. t" Address all - buin?i-eoniiuuiiii,atioi- K. H; ,'STr WELLS, I r ah. Entered at the Pout Office in Suit l.uk' City. at second ring matter. t.ih Salt JLakl Salt Lake City, Utah. Citv, Novkmukk, 1109. lVeen gAthrre . and arrange in BUch admirable order.. The bu b ject is deal t witli j)hilisophiCal ly and f rffuf a Book of Mormon standpoint as well as history connecting the two most import-an- t and reliible. books of inspiration and prophecy of the past. the winter of time, holidays, that are now in this period with feasting, festivity and hilariso replete Pib-lic- There are so many wonderful events and that changes taking place all over the world, it is diilicult to keep pace with the times in which we are living; and the great catastrooccurphic and calamities of almost daily rence give us warning that it is the time of the fulfillment of the prophecies concerning the last d.iv; and that the fulness of times which has been ushered in with the advent of the gospel revealed from 'heaven through the Prophet Joseph Smith is now upon the people of this day and generation. Saint have great reason The Latter-da'for thanksgiving because of their almost unbounded temporal prosperity and the improvement in their conditions both at home and abroad. The spread of light and truth, and knowledge of facts concerning the Latter-daSaints is marvelous, and the Elders who are in the mission field are doing a far greater wort than ever before. The various quorums of the priesthood, are coming to a higher appreciation of the magnitude, scope, and strength of the order and callings and a J)etter understanding of the relation the priesrhood bears to the world of mankind. Various auxiliary organizations are also generally more making greater improvement and, taken all in all, we a's a people are trying to make '"our calling and election sure." PRESIDENT GENERAL'S . sniTH'5 BIRTHDAY. The birthday anniversary of President Joseph F. Smith, which occurred on Nov. 13, 1909, was fittingly celebrated by a including beside his immediate family, his elder brother John Smith, the Patriarch, and his 'sister Martha Harris of Provo, alao his Counselors President John R. Winder and wife, and President Anthon H. Lund and wife, and general President of the Hefief Society, his. Aunt, Bathsheba W. Smith, the most honored woman in the Church. The party was given at the Pee Hive House, the President's residence, and the banquet was served in the famous Lion House, with due ceremony btlitting such a Afterwards the younger happy occasion. children made merry in dancing, games and family-gatherin- other childish pastimes-Letter- y DR. TALMAGE'S NEW BOOK. new book by Prof. James E. Talmage has just been published by the Deseret News A re-ligio- us set apart the .purpose of thanksgi- and truly progressives It has come to be a, custom, and it is particularly fitting that it should come just after the rich harvests of the earth time-honore- d divided into ten chapters; and the contents give. one. a good idea wjiere'to look for a given subject." A brief preface ' tells the reader in a few w6rds some important facts that would make one desirous; of looking further into its pages. ;, The book evidences careful research that-harequired much time and effort to compile ' . ' s full-tone- I al VISIT. President-Genera- l Society at large, with headquarters in Fifth Avenue, New York City, arrived in this city as expected on Thursday afternoon Nov. 11, and was met at the Rio Grande depot by the Regent, Mrs. Alice Merrill Home, with automobile, and a few of the members, who welcomed her to the city and escorted her to the home of Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall to dine and rest before the evening reception. The reception was an exceptionally brilliant affair, given purposely to introduce Mrs. Fitz to the D. R. members and their friends. The Farnsworth home wasbrightiy illuminated and the colore of the I). II. Society were tastefully carried out in the The host and hostelaborate decorations. ess, Mr. and Mrs, Farnsworth, were most cordial in welcoming the guest of honor, and the invited company; and the ladies arriving in time, the Regent, the hostess and the President-Generawith several of the officers and members, welcomed and introduced the gentlemen and ladies to the distinguished guest of honor. L iter on there was a song recital by the President-Generawho is a musician, and Miss Irene Kelley, a pupil of Prof. Hugh Dougall, rendering exquisitely the songs cf Mrs. Fitz, who is a song writer and composer of both words and music, and it was her delineation that gave tone to the entertainment. The program was very select and high class, both in purity of style and adaptability to the occasion, a delightful variety, in fact,' that was harmonious and uplifting, instead of the monotony of small talk that often becomes irksome. The lady read between the songs and music, and her d voice was very and clear and rich in expression of sentiment. The dining room was brilliant with charming young girls who served refreshments with grace and ease of manner, meanwhile music" was softly playing in a distant room of the stately home. There were no disappointments, and all was managed so perfectly as to insure pleasure and variety. Mr. and Mrs. Farnsworth, the Regent, Mrs. Home, and the committee in charge of affairs are to be congratulated on the perfect success of the entire evening's entertainment. Friday morning the D. R. ladies, with Mrs. Fitz and the Regent were due at the State University in time for devotional exercises, and after singing America and a few words of welcome by, President Kings- bury, the President General addressed the college students in a very pleasing style, her remarks were appropriate and well chosen, powerful and replete with telling anecdotes. After ; the exercises some of the ladies visited several of the University departments and a delicious luncheon , Eerved under the direction of the Dean of Domestic Science, Miss Lucy Vun Cott which was thoroughly enjoyed, and the conversation between Pres. ident Kingsbury, Prof .Marshall and Mrs. lFitz was calculated to give her a good idea of higher education in Utah, , The State Regent, Mrs. Home, President II." l, and messages of congratulation in the Light of Secular History." It is a also many beautiful gifts were received, book containing valuable information and testifying to the high honor in which be is will be of great interest to students of held by his friends and the people generally. history and to those who reason on The Exponent joins with his other near Scripture subjects, and in fact to both men and dear friends in oflering sincere congrat- and women who desire to comprehend religulation?, and desiring for him many happy ious conditions as they have, existed "in the returng of the day, without a shadow of past, without reading so many books, that change in his appearance, and that the prostake more tirrit than people of the present be which so he deserves perity may richly day can afford, therefore the work will be showered upon him in abundance, and that useful and acceptable in giving correct knowhe may ever enjoy the loyalty and fidelity of ledge that can be relied upon by those whe the people overvwhom he has been called teach and instruct others, and who muet of and chosen to preside. May our Father in necessity deal specifically with facts that can heaven protect him from his foes and en- not be controverted, but will stand the severcircle him in the arms of his tender, loving est critisism as to accuracy. care, that he may be a light to the world Elders who preach the gospel at home or that will ever shine pure and bright. abroad will be benefitted and instructed by reading and digesting this work; the book is unique in style and fills a place in our Church literature that no other author has undertaken THANKSGIVING. to deal with. It is finished in its literary comIn the midst of all that is transpiring in position and must hold a high place among the way of activities and achievements in the sacred classics. the worlcVit is an appropriate time for gratiIt will perhaps not appeal to the ordinary tude and thanksgiving to our Father in reader generally, as it will require depth of heaven, who is over all, and who is in and thought and concentration to appreciate is through and above all, and can overruIe4ill full meaning and application: butit will be things for the best interests of His great invaluable to those who must cope with latter-da- y work. ; grave questions in the light of sound reasonIt is gond that a day haslreeii designated ing. The book contains 176 pages, and is and for ving to God, otherwise the hurrying, rushing, busy people might altogether forget the d u iy -and obligation they owe to Him, who is the source and fountain of all that is excellent AdelineF. Fitz, l, entitled "The Great Apostasy" "Considered s Mrs. of the T). y PRESIDENT '. , 