j v r; avery interesting .old letter, iv&tI o"Z9 lift' true or unfaithful to 'them. And I thank' ' mortal life, can afford 'to rejoice, and suffe?r God no such 'JiyVrri Dear Aui thought has ever "yet entered It :' n neeq ne,. and have joy therein. heart for an instant, I can die any time Your welcome favor of Dec. 28, SG, and I look upon your faithful life as an ex- my the' Lord is willing of calls for me, but .in. Jan. 9, '87' with card of remembrance of emplification of in' glori-oufaith s life implicit this or in death, I must be true to those who Aunt Martha's -- death are all before me. word, and as such it has borne and will are true to me. I would rather never have You have, no doubt, wondered at my long bear its precious fruits which-wil- l bud and been, aye,' a thousand times never have 6ilence, and thought nfe neglectful of duty, blossom and fruit again and again from been, than to be unfaithful to thejn'. I can"buU would not like to rest under such a generation to generation to all eternity, and not see how 1 can be true to God or myself f eel ing f rom you . I h ive various, or. rather thprpof- - iW without eternal fidelity to them. Therefore numerous reasons for delaying my answer to passeth understanding and is most glorious. to this end my heart is fixed, and Cod helpyour welcome letterfor your letters are alWell might the Psalmi St Sav "I havft fippn ing me I shall not, for I cannot change, and ways more welcome and pleasing to me than J the wicked in great power, and spreading would not if I could, Butthis eema small f those I do receive. And more mmbeii use a green bay tree, yet he passed talk to me, as no doubt it does to you.. 1 1 worthy of my earnest consideration and away and lo, he was not, yea, I sought him is not a debatable there can be no Still more, but he could not be found. Mark the per- ifs and huts about question, prompt acknowledgement. it, for fidelity and truth there .are none more welcome, not even fect man, and behold the upright, for the to my covenants means eternal life, and from my own clear loved ones, for you are end of that man is the salvation of infidelity thereto meaus death, hell and peace, the last remaining link of your generation, the righteous is of the Lord, he is their damnation! Surely there ought to be no which binds me to the earthly remembrance strength in the time of trouble, and the Lord- possible circumstance connected with this of my own belojxd and cherished Mother. shall help them. He shall deliver them life, wherein a man c&n for a moment hesiNot only by the natural ties of birth and from the wicked and save them, because tate as to his choice between these two. blood, but by the stronger and more endur- they trust in him." Not many may know And yet men have fallen, therefore I pray and ing ties of fellowship in the bonds of the you, but your life has not been hid from crave GodYmerciful help, that I may stand. New and Everlasting Covenant. God, nor from the eyes of some of the faithWell, Robert stayed with me after the The examplVoi your life has been like a ful, and some who have shone in splendor, folks left, and he took the best of care of me. and a guide to all that is true" and whose praises have been sung, will yet He was Chief Cook and butler." and did and faithful, pure and good, for all who pale before the beauty of thy glories, and his work well. No one could be more kind have known you. There can be nothing diminish in the presence of thy greater re- or willing to make my lot as pleasant as more satisfying, or more assuring to the wards. From the multitude you have been possible: We spent almost a week togeth- of and hid Israel in with to Christ such as He has now God, your faith has been er, and then came out here. youth especially have known 3'our undeviating, unselfish in- - that of the first order, altho' meek and quiet, gone to Town with the team and saddle tegrity to. the cause of Zion, than the examyour works have been those of an exalted horse to help out some of the poor Saints to Started this morning and will ple of yeur life. I prize it, I bless you for rank, tho' unpretentious and unboastful. conference. its happifying influence upon my youthful And such as met the highest commenda- be back tomorrow, all fbeing well. I think and middle age. I thank you with all my tions of the great High Priest of your pro- it highjime that you should enjoy all you Your fortiheart for your faithfulness and firmness to fession (see Mark 12: possibly can of what blessings you possess. the cause of Zion. And I thank God for His tude under trials has been wonderful, your Certainly no one is more deserving, and when you need what I am owing, you shall desires, those of a Saint indeed; your char. goodness and mercy towards you all your life have it if everything else has to stop, you long, and I hope you will live in the flesh to ity to the poor has. been abundant, unstintsee Zion redeemed, and the kingdom of God ed, your devotion to principle, to the king- .should have had it before if I had been at I know you dom of God, to prayers and dut has been home. I may say incidentally that Robert victorious over all the world. is well clothed and eomfortable, so is will live to see this and all the triumphs of faultless, and your life, a life of no where else in the world are Elders and sacrifice for others' good. You truth throughout the blessed Millennium, but it may be after the resurrection and re- have loved God and Christ, and sought to provided for as they are here, not all of newal of that poor, enfeebled frame of yours honor them in your works. Thee things them appreciate it either. I' think Robert-does- , and also Hyrum; they both know my which now has to suffer with the ills of have even been apparent to me, and how mortality. For you have eaten of the bread much more so to Him ,who seeth and know-al- l mind on such subjects. They are both of life, and, have drunk at that fountain things. I do. not say these things to good boys, nd both of them are kind and. flatter, the truth is no flattery, much less respectful to their brethren. That dream which giveth life eternal. On Dec. 20, 1842, the Prophet said: when but part of the truth is told,bjit that you and patriarchal blessing was very interestChrist and the resnrrected Saints will reign may know in your old age and feeble years, a ing. I forwarded them to the address you over the earth a thousand years. They will few of the true sentiments of my heart, and rave. I would like to have my mother's not probably dwell on the earth, but will my appreciation of your true Christian ex- grave and grave stone renovated and and will try to arrange for having visit it when they please; or when it is nec- ample; for which your reward is sure. The reasons I have not answered sooner it. done as soon as I can. I have dreamed essary to govern it." The promise is yours are in part that I have been a little over- several times about her, and I am satisfied and it is your right to come forth in the mornjs. wrong, but what it is the ing of the resurrection, on such the second taxed with correspondence and have not something not made plain to me, I know death has no power, and with your husband been able to meet the demands upon me. Spirit has dc something for her, and if I can and they you shall reign on the earth, although you I. still have many letter to answer, Before my late learn what my duty is I shall leave no may not make it your permanent abiding keep coming every mail. then I stone unturned to do it. I have been someplace during the thousand years. I know sickness I managed to keep up, but impressed that she desires me to have that you will live to see Zion redeemed, and fell behind and have not yet caught up. whatsealed to father in the Temple, but supfrom her word you will, with your husband, and those you Again, I trust you get posing she. was sealed in Nauvoo, I have have' given, unto him, together with the me from time, to time jhro' the family,' not known if jt was what she wants, I off a litcould I I so that you put thought resurfirst the in righteous who have part me for have no idea that she cares very much about would rection, be priests and priestesses unto God tle, and I know you Beforeforgive this you have her grave stone or such things. I am satisand Christ and reign with him a thousand my seeming neglect. and babies," fied something is needed. years (see'Rev. 20: 6). Then shall Satan met my precious companion There is no difliculty about unembodied be loosed for "a little season' and then from whom I parted on the 16th inst. They well, or disembodied spirits conversing together .comes the final great battle and the victory should have reached home, all beingAllow-, or with mortals (see. B. of. M. Ether 3: 16, of the Lamb of God, and the; end of the on Sunday morning the 27th inst. fd whole day and part of two ays in and Doc. and Cov. Sec. 129: 7). God bless one be old ing the will serpent then Satan, world; T earnestly hope they you and deliver you from affliction and Francisco. San their into and thrust his hosts with bound, blesssuffering. Give my Jove to Mary Jane. heaven new a we see shall and then pit, found airwell May God bless her, heal her and sustain and anew earth, for the old shall pass away, ings of health and peace, and has . her by his Holy Spirit.- - uive my iove 10 While Sarah; precious home. my at then and and alf things shall become new, has the girls, and tell them to be true and : Julina to her children, mother a been their receive shall the Saints of the Most High a -good speak- faithful. Robert is . becoming alLajaother i beenJwHe,andj2ompanionand i h, the shall inheritance foreverrand possess xcuse-i- ma it. first. nrmciDies. on er oeen nave could she unless to nould be me, Your and the new heaven for ever and forever. human. I feel that hasty scribble and believe me; ever,. the in forth set This is the program, as Jos. F. Smith. ..best wives m l Affectionate ephew the with blessed me God has true is word whose God , ever living word of Vv C&tftvSV ii m umr nearts and endwe to the end of Exile, March 30, 1887 -- ' . 1 ' -- two-thirdso- , 4 way-mar- k . r -- 41-44- ). Hy-ru- m, self-abnegati- - d, . . . reached-homein-safetyinjpyingj- he ' new-eart- ; . .. i- r 