WOMAN'S EXPONENT. itinernty fJr the Knn.iit from Wednesday, oOth June- vii ;Pnday;r-lhiiT'-;ICiiicr-t- o theniverV i&SlWi'lo 2in(Oune,Mn tVt& ; Lunch: was served eacnciay itv linildmpfl in the buildings in a large hall, and the, waiting was done by girl students and their friends. The girl students, wearing their gowns, acted as ushers,at the meetings and in the corridors and entrance hall, and the local hostesses and committee members were unwearied in thefr care for the comfort Another publicafor the qumquen tion prepared nial reunion was a special report on public health" containing short accounts tent from all the National Councils on recent progress in the caro of public health in their respective countries The olliciai delegates were and convenience of the visitors. all supplied by the International Council The reports of the ollicers and conveners, rprndcd on with name badge and the presidents of alliliated National ribbon in purple, white and gold -submitted and accepted for the colors of the council and those who Councili, were publication in the Transactions. Letters wished might purchase the.LC. W. monoin and worked were read from the Hon. gram brooch adopted at Geneva Russia and Finland, where there is every in purple white and enamel, or in silver or prospect of National Councils being formed. silver gilt. The secretary of the council in New Zealand About 110 ladies attended the council reported that their council was practically meetings as official delegates and proxies; non - existent af present, but desired over SO came from over seas as ordinary that their president, Mrs. Sliepprd, be apmembers or invited speakers for the conto try and repointed an Hon. gress, and a number from the United States. organize it. Communications of great hope The average attendance at the business Mrs. Marcellus meetings of the council was from 250 to and interest were read from Bowen in Constantinople and from Mrs. 300." . Ellen Hopkins in Cairo, and it was resolved The first assembling of the delegate? upon their arrival in Canada was at Quebec, when to appoint two additional Hon. for Turkey and Egypt on Friday. 11th June, Sir George Gamier, The names of three ladies were submitted the mayor, and the city authorities enterAberof the council, and accepted as tained Her Excellency the Countess of deen and the delegates to luncheon in the Fru Maria Ekman 'Stockholm; Mrs. Henry The delegates Bovey, Montreal; Frl. Helene Lange, Berlin. Chateau Frontenac hotel. As Quinquennial Patrons for 1909-191- 4 the were also driven to the old citadel, t ) the his Wolfe ladies and lost were proposed accepted: famous battleground where following and other Frk. Countess of Mueller, Denmark; Ruuth, Montmorency, life, to the falls Emme-line Mrs. Frl. Sweden; Krajner, Hungary; interesting places. B. Wells and Mrs. Susa Young Gates, At Montreal the next morning an executive Meeting was held, and until Monday U.S.A.; Mrs. Smythe, Australia; Mrs Henry evening the delegates remained there as Mu(T, Mrs. Forbes of Rothiemay, Mrs.Symes guests of the local council of Montreal. Thomson, Mrs. Veitch, Miss Blackie from Great Britain and Ireland". Victoria College, the Women's Department arA letter from Lady MacLaren was read, of the McGill University, was prettily ranged as headquarters, and the university asking whether the International Council would with the International gave 'a large reception there on Saturday On Monday, a special train took Women's Suffrage Alliance in helping to evening. to de Bellevue Aniie to St. the delegates prepare a Women's Charter, setting forth for the Macdonald visit the training the rights and wishes of women, and in preCollege of teachers in Agriculture and Domestic senting the Charter in 1910 simultaneously to all civilized governments. On the proposal Science, and they returned by steamer through the famous Lachine Rapids of the of Mrs. Ogilvie Gordon, supported by the St. Lawrence. The Handicrafts Guild gave Rev. Anna Shaw, Frsu Hainish and others, the following recommendation was unanima reception in the Art Gallery cn Mondaj evening. Tuesday was spent in Ottawa, ously carried "that any action to be taken where the Hon. Mr. Fisher, Minister of Agriby the International Council in approaching culture, conducted the delegates through governments should in accordance with prethe Experimental Farm some miles out of cedent be taken idependently of other assothe town, ai.d in the afternoon the Parliaciations; and that as an excellent series of ment buildings were visited, and all the dereports on laws naa oeen published ear legates then went to the brilliant garden after yer by the "Laws" committee of the party given in their honor by Her Excellency, International Council of Women under the Countess Grey, wife of the Governor General Convenership of Baroness Olga von Besch-witPreWilfred Sir of Canada. it be referred to that committee to Laurier, the of most notable men the mier, and many compile from these a special report riot conin were Canada women fined to one year's progress, but showing any and present. , Committee meetings comiaenced at Torinequalities and deficiencies. in existing laws onto on the following day, Wednesday the relating to women in the different countries lGth June, and a second executive meeting represented within the International CounOn Wednesday evencil. That this report be then sent to the occupied Thursday. was welcome to extended the governments in these countries, ing a public accompanied a at council and large meeting , in by a letter from the executive of the Interpresident Convocation Hall. Lady Edgar, president national Council, which should draw attenof the Canadian National Council of Women, tion to- the disadvantageous position of his honor the Lieut . Governor of the Pro women as shown in the report, and should of Ontario, his 7orship the Mayor of state that the International Council based Toronto, and Professor Ramsey Wright, the their support of Woman's Suffrage on these of the University gave cordial facts, and in order to secure ; the improvegreetings to the. guests. The Countess of ment of such laws desired to possess the Aberdeen responded on behalf of the coun- - only recognized constitutional means of imtheir convictions and wishes upon pressing Thursday evening, the Mayor and Mrs.Oliver the representatives of the people in parliagave a reception in the City Hall. ment." The business .meetings of the council were An important held on Friday, Saturday, Monday, Tues- - proposal made discussion took place ol a5 by the National Councilof - i . -- vice-presiden- vice-preside- ts nt vice-president- s Life-Patron- co-opera- s. te z, - v-in- ce vice-preside- nt committee" on White biave Iraihc and Equal Moral Standard" in such' a way that it should include the case of women of all races, and not appear to be limited to the white races. It was agreed to alter the name to "Equal Moral 'Standard and Traffic in . Women." In connection with the work of the council in support of jthe principles of ''Peace and Arbitration" a resolution was passed urging the National Councils to "promote the use of such textbooks and reading-book- s in schools as will present historical facts with the least possible bias and to endeavour o arouse a living interest in the modern methods of peaceably settling international difficulties." The council also acted in favour of the observance of an annual "Peace Day" by schools, universities, and churches, or by special associations and Festivals. A largely attended and enthusiastic public meeting in support of peace was .organized by the council in the Massey Hall, over which Sir Wm. Mulock presided. Addresses were given by Mrs. May Wright Sewall,'Frau Hainisch, Mile la Fontaine and Miss Rosa Barrett. Other successful public meetings were those held in the interests of "Public Health" and "Women's Suffrage." A useful recommendation was passed by the council for the protection of birds, arid to secure a stricter observance of close timer Another refor birds and other animals. commendation was to the effect that application be made to the bureau of the universal postal union asking for a reduction of postal rates and the introduction of some simple form for "prepaid answer." A discussion was held on the desirability of making sure that those using the information bureaux of the various National Councils were bona fide members of councils and did not take undue advantage of the bureaux for private or individual purposes; It was agreed that any National Council may sanction his own affiliated societies to make inquiries at the bureaux of other Naticnal Councils and shall notify to the secretary of the International Council at the beginning of each quinquennial period the names and addresses of the affiliated societies to whom the privilege is given; but that members of National Councils should not have this privilege as individuals. Four National Councils had sent invitations to the international body to hold the quinquennial reunion of 1914 in their respective countries Australia, Norway, and France, Italy. By vote of the council, it was decided that it should be held in Rome, in April or May of 1914. For the two executive sessions during the quinquennial period, the places chosen were Stockholm in 1911, and the Netherlands in 1913. The officers elected for the next quinquennial period were her Excellency the Countess of Aberdeen, president; Mrs. Ogilvie Gordon, Countess SpallettfRasponi and Frau Hainisch as 1st, 2nd and 3rd Dr. Alice Salomon as Hon. Cor. Secretary; Dr. Alexandra Skoglund as Hon. Rec. Secretary, and T Mrs. W. E. Sanford as Hon. treasurer. Mrs. May Wright Sewall was an Hon. It wes unanimously agreed to president. a naid assistant secretary to work employ , vice-presiden- t; re-elect- undertherHonrdrTecretaryand Miss Dorothy Brackett, who had worked six months with Mrs. Ogilvie Gordon, was apj ' pointed to the post, v Mrs. May Wright Sewall was convener of the "Peace and Arbitration'' committee, Mme. Avril de Ste Croix of the '.. re-elect- -- 