WOMAN'S EXPONENT. r- "' "' """ t. "unique feature, Something never before un dertaken by women. It was begun in 1870, and has been of value and importance in our own community, and has also given us an opportunity to relieve want In times of calamity, not only near home in San Fran- ci co, but abroad in China. It is not a joke as some seem to think, bul to those who have known the times of scarcity a sacred obligation. In last years report we mentioned the ex pectation of the Woman's Building being ready for occupancy in June of this year, 1909, but it has not yet been finished; we hope now it wilLbe completed in October of this year. We cannot close this 'official report with out an expression of appreciation of our be loved and venerable President Mrs. Bath sheba W. Smith whose life long efforts in the interests of philanthropic endeavor have -- ever been a loyal example and an inspira tion, and htr beautiful life is of itself i blessing and a benediction. It is always sad to record the passing of women in the prime of life, and in the midst of usefulness, but in this instance it is un avoidable, however deep our sorrow at the lo?s. Since our last report in November 1908 two of the valued members of our Board of Directors of the National Woman's Relief Society have gone behind the vail. Mrs. Annie Taylor Hyde, First of this Society passed peacefully away, March 12, 1909, in the full tide of her usefulness, being stricken down only a few months previous to her passing away. Deceased has filled several positions of trust and responsibility for which ehe was eminently qualified by nature and education; Mrs. Hyde attended the Triennial Session of the N. C.W. held in Washington in 1902, as Proxy for the President, and will doubtless be remembered by many of the ladies who were there at that time. Mrs. Rebecca E. Mantle Little another of mr Board, passed to the beyond. May 29, 1909; he was a graduate of the Utah University and one of the Regents of that Institution for a number of years; and had taken a degree of Bachelor of Science. Mrs. Little attended the Executive Session of the National Council of Women held in Toledo, Ohio, in April, 1906, and became a Patron of the Council while there, and took an active part in its proceedings. These noble women will be greatly missed in the Society for their yaluible service in the cause of higher education, equal suffrage and universal pr gress of the world at large. In the joyful and loving service of ministering to the needs and sorrows of otheis, we find our own souls benefited, and our organization stands for the alleviation of the woes of humanity, so far as human aid and sympathy can extend, and the spiritual uplifting may be exercised in the tenderest and most far reaching way, always keeping in mind the motto of the Council the "Golden Rule" To do unto others as you would have them do unto you." With greetings from the President, the officers and members of the National Woman's Relief Society and an ardent desire to cooperate with the National Council in pro mpting the efforts made for theprogres8 . of humanity along all the avenues that lead to justice and righteousness, we are fraternally yours. Vice-Preside- nt Respectfully submitted , Emmeline B. Wells, General Secretary N. W. R. S. , Uv-- " -- 15 , ; . Aim: Love lniLe .lioma nfo m on1 in n i n f h t rv H'ni' Vll, MnTHRiic l OIJTI HID . INR , , , vry iiviiiiLiIVJ ' Lesson .. MORGAN stake. The Sin of Gossip. "Nay speak no ill, a kindly word, Cah'.never leave r sting behind.' (a) Of the many beautiful precepts taught by Jesus none is more important or less regarded than "Judge not that ye be not judged" (Matt. 7: 1).. "A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit' (Matt. 7: 18). 1. Lesson 2. ing. What Influence has Evil Speak- - (a) Does it harm the speaker (Psalm 34: 13; I Peter 3: 10, 11). Its Influence on children, (b) Explainhow it.may mar the life, or place a dark blot on the character of the one spoken of, also the influence it has on the public, (James 3: 5, 6, 8; Prov. 25: 23 26: IS, 20). "Be not the first to speak it If you a fault should see." Lesson 3. Parable of the Ten Talents (Matt. 25: What talent do I possess and do I cultivate it. Patience, Faith, Cheerfulness, the power to instruct or comfort others, or anything that helps to make life better and brighter are talents that should be cultivated. 14-30- government General truth Love induces patience, gentleness, long suffering, etc.. Suggestions: 1. If we love one another God dwelleth in lis, and His love is perfect ed in us, (John 4: 13). Thou shalt live together in love (Doc. and Cov. 42, 45; see Doc. and Cov. 121: ). Love may be encouraged by a proper consideration of one 41-46- anothers' feelings. Lesson 9. Temperance and the Word, of of Wisdom. ; 7 Effects of example and how extensive? What physical benefit? What spiritual benefits to be derived there from? Lesson 10. How the Lesson 11. Habit. How shall we form good habits? How shall we teach the value of good habits to our children (read Improvement Era, March 1903, p. 377; Juvenile Instructor, March 15, 1900; Young Woman's Journal, October Lesson 5. 1906). Lesson 6. Proper Home Ideals. The love of the beautiful is a handmaid of civilization. "For as a man thinketh in his heart so is he" (Prov. 23: 7). "Be ye per fect even as vour Father in Heaven is per fect," (Matt. 5: 48; II Samuel 2231). Aspiration to excel in everything that is good or praiseworthy should be instilIed,encouraged and develoned in our children. Why? (Ar ticles of Faith 13). The love of order and cleanliness should be so highly developed that everv member of the family would be uncomfortable when conditions were other wise. Lesson 7. Social Purity. ho anniiillv nnrft nnft must store the 'TV i. v thoughts." "Blesmind with sed are the pure in heart for they shall see ' - - - pur&-enobli- Companionship of mothers and daughters. Motherhood and its responsibilities. ). Language in the Home. Give meaning of Mother Tongue, "He that hath a perverse tongue falleth into mischief." Impure language displeasing unto the Lord read James 3; Matt. 12: 36. Correct language necessary at all times and in all places. ,. father should counsel his tons work as an educator. Lesson 12. (a) Visiting the sick, effect,s of cheerful company, looking after the poor. Improvement in home life. (b) Responsibility of teaching the gospel a very essential duty, (Mark 15. 16. Lydia Rich, President. Lesson 4. - ijeseary.t'j, : ng God (Matt , 5: 8). (a) Avoid slander ,vulgar language and im politeness." . y" (b) Overcome selnsn tendencies. (A Hnltivate truthfulness, integrity, good ness and pure thoughts (Eph. 5: 3, 4). Lesson 8. Affection; 1. Love of parents for each other. 2. Of parents forchildren. 3. Of childrtn'for parents. , Mary J. Welch, Maryktte Waldron, Counselors. AUTOBIOGRAPHY. and travels of nancy M. TRACY. I do not expect to write one tenth of my experience but merely to give an outline of some of the incidents in my life's history, it is impossible for me to give exact dates as I never kept a memorandum, therefore I could not make a complete history. I was bora in the town of Henderson, Jefferson County, New York State, of goodly parents, Aaron Alexander and Betsy Alexander, on the 14th of May, 1816. My father life died when I was four years old; he left my mother in comfortable circumstances with a small farm; she had four small children, Mother felt the eldest but six years old, that she could not take care of the farm and sold the place and was to receive the money for it, the man that bought it failed in business and never paid her, consequently it left her destitute and she had to put out her I was the second three oldest children. child; it fell to my lot to go to my grandfather on mother's side, to live in Herkimer Co.. 100 miles from mother. I was now five years old; my uncles and aunts were all grown and most of them married and gone away. V I was quite a favorite in the family and keDt in school most of the time, but as I grew up I learned to spin flax and wool, and. also to weave cloth m the summer, and then go)to school in the winter; when I wa TTflnra rii thoro ruaa nniTP ft rVltrni in the town among the, Methodists; I had been trained always to go to their church arid Sunday school in which I took - great delight, for i had a religious turn of mind, and when this reformation broke out I felt as though I wanted to get religion and be I tried to hanDV as others seemed to be. get that change of heart and would go off 