'7 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - ABCJTf! RESOLUTIONS F' i Whereas our former p resident v2z? baa n)i er, bister MeUssa.UIson, ' and niunity, Whereas, circumstances have arisen which nec essitate her absence from us for an indefinite per iod, and Whereas she has seen fit to resign her position as president, and Whereas, she has always been a diligent and faithful worker, it is fitting that we, the members of the Relief Society of Fillmore, record our ap- preciatioa of her work among us. Therefore, be it Kesolved, that we tender her a vote of thanks for her labor among us. and be it further Kesolved, that by purity of life and conversa tion, by kindness of Epirit and grace of conduct, by patience and fidelity in the discharge of her duties 6he has inspired nobler views and has won the love and confidence of her associates who will follow her with their earnest prayers in her new field of labor. Committee: Clara M. Swallow,-HattiRobinson, Julia Day, Hattie Partridge. 7 deeply mourn the loss of to faith- l?.'3kD0st cer ana ieer.it is nam to oeeome reconciUHi; 20- - But to acknowledge the the Lord in all thines. Be it , resolved, that .w extend our heart felt sympathy to her husband and children and ask the Lord to bless them and cause them to know he is their friend, al.fto .that he will comfort their hearts in this hour of their. trouble and sorrow. Re it further resolved that these resolutions be entered in the minutes ofour Relief Society. A' copy be given" to the bereaved family of the deceased and a copy sent to the Woman's Exponent. Elizabeth Cook, Rose Sparks, Tryphena L Davis, Committee of Resolutions. Idaho.Dingle, a'th. are-willin- Singing,' after which conference ad journed for three months to be held in Benediction by Elder Andrew Maeser, Phebe A. Merkley, Sec' Dudley, ;, , A SUCCESS IN NORWAY. Mrs. iude, wife of the Minister from Norway to the United States, before leaving --Washington for he summer gave' an interview to the correspondent' of the Phila- UINTAH STAKE. Minutes of the regular 48th Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Uintah Stake IN MEMORIAM. held at Jensen ward house June 13, 1909, Expressions of love and respect to the memory beginning at 2 p. m. There were on the stand Elder Don B. of Sister Martha M. Miller who departed this life April Uo; IWJ. Colton of the Stake Presidency and other Reeolmed, that we mourn her as a faithful work ....of. Relief brethren, also a goodly-numand wife, a true Latter-daer, a devoted mother ' Society officers, President Nancy A. Colton Saint. That we the Granite Stake Relief Society extend presiding. After opening exercises the sac- our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved husband, rament was administered. Roll called 8 family and friends and pray God that his com Mrs. stake and 19 ward officers present. forting influence may be with them. Resolved that we send a copy of this memento Nancy A. Colton felt to welcome all present to the bereaved family and one to the Woman's and was pleased to see so many, thought in Exponent for publication. holding conference Sunday afternoons that LYDIA A. THATCHER. we would have more of the brethren present We the sisters of the Granite Stake Relief Soci She gave the listers counsel in regard to ety have been bereft of our beloved and ever faith their duties, spoke against slander, said if ful coworker. of the Lord it willguide Dear Sister Lydia A. Thatcher departed this we have the Spirit us aright. life June 9, 1909. In commemoration of her good words, pure and Song from Naples Ward by a group of Rehumble life, we pray that our Heavenly Father lief Society workers-Lecturwill bless and comfort with His Holy Spirit her by Mrs. Mary Geliran, entitled bereaved family in their sorrow and help them . - ber . e Extremes, "Moderation, and us to emulate her worthy example. Through our heartfelt love for our dear sister w e resolve to present a copy of this memonam to the family of. the deceased and send one to the Ex- Self-restrain- t, Amusements, Diversions, Excursions, Social Gatherings, Late hours, Reading, Dress, delphia Record. She said: "In Norway we boast of having the most democratic constitution in the world, and we have long been advocates of the simple life. Our King and Queen mingle with absolute freedom with" the people, and the Pracsegregation of classes is unknown. tically we have no social unrest, and even the women's problem no longer vexes, since, two years ago, the Parliamentarysuffrage was. conferred on women. Municipal sufIt was frage had been granted in 1901. found that the experiment was eminently successful, and that good resulted from giving women the right to vote on all that concerned the welfare of their cities and town- ships.- When this was clearly demonstrated. the Parliamentary suffrage was bestowed in 1907. The women have set to work very earnestly to understand their civic obligations and to perform that highest duty in a manner which will result for good to themselves and to their homes. An impetus has been given to many projects which look to improving conditions, especially in the rural districts. In Norway, at least, women have proved that to possess the ballot is to add to their usefulness in the community." Three-fifthof the women in Norway now have the Parliamentary vote, and the Royal Council has already recommended its extension to the remaining -- R. S. REPORTS. y 1?$$ eir g . e :Thankfcp: - . s two-fifth- s. Parents." ponent for publication. "Tried in the furnace of this troubled life Faithful as daughter, mother, woman, wife, Crowned with celestial glory thou ehalt shine Mid souls immortal, endless and divine. Mrs. Levisa C. Smith of Rochester, N. Y., Song from Jensen ward by a group of who celebrated her 98th birthday on June 14, young girls, entilted "The Daughters of has been identified with the great moveZion." ments of her time, particularly those perMrs. E. J. Stewart from Utah county, taining to the abolition of slavery, woman spoke of the scenery along the road to JenEmma S. Woodruff, sen, how beautiful it was. Said in Genesis suffrage and temperance reform. She was Mary P. Ygung, with the late Susan B. Katherine H. Brockbank, we read where God made man in his own an earnest Stake Presidency R. S. image and also spoke of the spirit before it Anthony, Mary Anthony, Amy Post, and entered the body, spoke 6f the time that the Lucy fetone. iurs. fcmitn retains to a remarkable degree all her faculties and three Prophet Joseph Smith turned the key of OBITUARY. and what a blessing it had years ago published a volume of her poem. knowledge In memory of our beloved Sister Nancy Follie, for women. Spoke against race At the Suffrage meeting in connection who departed this life on May 19th, 1909 of heart been of Wisdom Word of the in favor and auiclde. failure at the age of 71 years. with the International Council of Women, She has been a faithful and loving member in and what a blessing it would bring to us Aberdeen said: our Relief Society, and for many years has been if wfi would onlv obev it. The women of Lady "I have never before spoken on the quesour treasurer, which office she has filled with great tti Relief to work should together Society tion of suffrage for women chiefly because UOWn eVll i Tn fcnnw hpr xran tn Iavp hor nnrl fihft crpfttlv PUl my husband, the Earl of Aberdeen, Lord Elder Don B. Colton, one of the stake Lieutenant of Ireland, occupies a high posimourned by all her sisters of the Relief Society. ihe following resolutions were received and presidency, always made it a point to try tion in public affairs, but after hearing what adopted by the Dingle Relief Society. and visit Relief Society conference, gave an has been said tonight before the audience excuse for President Smart not being presresolutions. by women from every part of the world I infinite his in Our Whereas, heavenly Father ent, spoke of the home and the boys' and can no longer keep silent." wisdom has seen fit to call from our midst our characters being built at home, of the much esteemed and beloved Sister Naney Follie, girls to 'do At the World's Congress of Women at who departed this;life May 19th, 1909 at Dingle, Church schools and the work we have Toronto Lady Aberdeen was y yin rearing this great multitude of children. pre Idaho :"'..!'"'r: And whereas our intimate association with her Made estimate of the; money that was spent sident; and her cousin, Mrs. Ogilvie Gordon, in the performance of her duties as a treasurer in to of th keep up the navy and the money that was from secretary to first the Society of the Dingle ward has so endeared her Spoke, of Congress. Besides Lady Aberdeen and Mrs. spent, to educate the children. to us that we feel it necessary and befitting to exGordon, the officers elected on Saturday are;: the restoration of the Gospel and the auxipress our appreciations of her labors in our SoAlluded Second Countess Spallatti, of ciety and of her earnest endeavors to do right! Of liary organizations of the Church. her sterling the faithf and gospel, to the academy building, that is to be built Frau Heinisch, ulneesjn . integrit Italy; third m wmcn,. 8ne was an earnest worker always reauy j hinTTintflh of Belgium; corresponding secretary, Dr. future. Recita gtake in the near -w, pcriorm; any duties , assigned ner no uutuwr . T vmuci nwuujjf. Alice Salomon,' Germany; recording secrewhat the call might be. lion ITvlll .JClJSCU waiu vj Av.,TWrtW Sister Naney could always be relied upon. Mrs. Mary H. Stringham spoke of what tary. Dr. Alexander Skoglumb, of Norway; a great blessing the Church schools are, also treasurer, Mrs. W. E. Sanford, of Hamilon, husband and a; kind and affectionate mother to made a few closing remarks, spoke of our Ont.'; honorary president, Mrs. May Wright her children. Be it resolved, that we, the sisters of the Relief Stake annual conference to be held August Sewall. co-labor- er ; I ' - re-elect- ed , vice-preside- vice-presiden- t, vice-presiden- m . 1 , t, nt 