At! '.V ' V. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 4 -' ... v'-l-'"---- ' w ' . 11 . 'rrF ;Mm,-n' ' Q F'yYinnfent ! EMME LINE B. WELLS, Editor mid Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON. Assistant Editor. ' - rrv PublihhI monthly in SnU Lake City. Hali. TYrm-- : one copy one year, $100; una cnyy ix months, l, Iiv. No reduction wide, for eluU. :ty paV'-. taall, eitra for postage on year, 'J' lii.-" AlYcrtiin ratfc: E-Mjuarv. t. n A 8ftCff qiip time f2..r.0j per nmntli. :.0. r s M ml .f t. l.y nn-parle- l liberal discount to regular nlvertisiT. . Exponent office Hoom 507 'IVmpl. ton, South 'IVrnpl-Street: Business hour from in n. m. to 5 iii.. every layNexcept Sunday. . Address alt " TiUhIuphs coninfuhii'ati-u- Mr, i:. 15. Salt to i WELLS, Lake Citv, I cam. at the Pout Offir, in Suit Lake City, t'.ah ai tecond flam matter. K'ntered Salt Lake City, Utah. Anu'si, , .iVf we nroner; pla ri5al one thrills with emotion in contemplating some of the authors of rhythmical beauty. And vet we repeat, the dead sea useii wun hb in picturesque setting is impossible to putbewe any book, by the greatest author, as hold it in all its phases and surroundings. We commend the book to the scholarly men and women of the world, it is worth more than double its money value, it js a book that will outlive its contemporaries, its -- Betting: in" these but thr inland-eea-an- d mount: in vales has been and is an inspiration of inestimable value. to those who behold the infinite glory of the handiwork of the Almighty, the Ruler and Author of the universe. Ul CVJIJH.V""' h rid Blowing-sym- phonies -- Lam-bourn- although some people maintain that is a myth, but if one admit-- there be such a thing, he is certainly original in his orig-nalit- y work. To attempt to give one an idea of the book in a paragraph or two is quite impossible, it will bear, reading over and over, and the writer has not yet read it. once consecutively Our inland sea is a wonder in itself, it always has been a sort of a mystery, and when one explains its constituents and dissects it,, so to speak, it detracts from the mythical charm that makes it, in a sense, poetical and classical. Mr. Lamboume's book 'is a classic. Years hence it will be read with enthusiasm by classical scholars of that wonderful" day" in the future we look forward to with such laudable pride; The book ought to be in every great library in the world. Ever since we came to Utah Great Salt Lake has had an indescribable fascination about it for some of us, that no other place in these mountain fastnesses possesses, and it is not very remarkable that it should seem so, when one pauses and considers, there is nothing like it, or even similar, in this Western Hemisphere. But to return to the book, it is really a poem. The author says it is paragraphs from a diary (we had never yet heard of a poetical diary). However, we must believe what Mr. Lambourne Bays about his diary. The descriptions are vivfd, particularly so, startling, even to one who has a powerful imagination. If only we "could a copy to each of those distinguish ladies who were entertained at Saltair recently, what a trophy it would have been to have-pre-sente- carry away from America. Dear America, has not yet filled its mission of wonders to the world, many thicga .are yet to come to pass, many hidden truths have' already been unfolded by great and wise men, many mysteries explained, (but this is wide of the mark) the book . is the object now under consideration.- - It is unique in its de8Ctionsj)Hhe .beauty dead sea; and its islands,, but the sea itself is greater than the book, and makes one feel how incompetent man is to reproduce with pen, or tongue, or - brushjat -, i .av'H;' the Church program wa rendered by Professor Goddard very kindly explained in an inter- esting manner, facts connected with the building of the .famous Tabernacle and the V" great Temple." The party, in charge of members of the Committee, were taken in automobiles, carriages and cars to Saltair depot, and were soon en route for the famous Dead Sea of America. The sunset was magnificent and was greatly enjoyed by the ladies, and after arriving those jvho wished to do so, availed themselves of the opportunity of a bath in this renowned and -- unique inland sea, whose strange beauty with.its glorious sunsets is entrancing to the beholder, especially to one poetical by nature, and invariably minds one of Moore's exquisite poem: i 1 re- And sunbeams melt along the silent pea; INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL DELEGATES Alfred LambourneV new bonk with the above title, is a study in nature and in language as distinctive as its subject- is from e matter?. Mr. ordinary common-plac- e is original in all that he undertakes '".- A "How dear to me the hour when daylight dies, VMJ.- 'OUR INLAND SKA." I: - The foreign delegates that had been in attendance at the Quinquennial sessions of the International Council in Toronto, Canada, came through Salt Lake oh their return trip. The National Woman's Relief Society was notified beforehand and requested to call on other organizations alliliated with the National Council of Women of the United States and make preparations to entertain the distinguished party ort their arrival; accordingly the Young Ladies' N. M. I. A. was notified, as these two are the largest societies. The Maccabes, Woman's Relief Corps, Jewish Council, Woman's SufChristian frage Council and National .League, local aocieties, were also notified, seven organisations; committees from these came together and eleeted a chairman, Mrs. K. B. Wells.of the Relief Society,and a secreMiss Ann M. Cannon, of the tary, Young Ladies, and commenced to discuss matters relative to a plan of entertainment. TrerjMvas a feelinsi of .unity of : ellort-aharmony prevailing, and as time went on plans were suggested and were carefully considered. The time designated in the letter received for the party to remain, was so short (from 6:45 p. m. (o 8:15 a. ra.) that it was dilli cult to determine what was best. The letter stated that the ladies would have dinner on the train and would only wish for a light luncheon, etc., etc. The unanimous conclusion arrived at after much deliberation, was to meet the ladies at the station, have aN musical recital at the Tabernacle if possible, take them to Saltair, partake of luncheon there, and those who desired to try the bathing do so; meantime, while seated at table to have the Governor of the state, or the Mayor of the city, or some prominent citizen welcome them to the Mecca of the West, and then to have some responses from the; foreign delegates. At a regular meeting of the committees, when there were representatives from each of thex seven organizations present, Mrs; E. B. Wells was elected toastmistress and also Chairman of the Committee on .Invitation, and there seemed to be a perfect ' understanding of the matter. The day was looked forward to wiih great expectations, asit was known it was a very distinguished party, and naturally the ladies ..Jxinterested in the entertainment were anxious to make the affair as perfect a suc' cess as possible. . ihe ladies arrived an hour earlier than the schedule time, arid were fisnnrterl fn w tuo .7 taberpack where, through the courtesy of ' nd - y , For then sweet dreams of other days arise, And memory breathes its vesper sigh to thee. ! f I watch the line of light that plays, the smooth wave to the burning West, Along to I long tread that golden path of rays,-Anthink 'twould lead to some bright isle of And as 4 s'1 d rest." - There was very little opportunity for consultation with the guests to ascertain- from them what would be most pleasing, and a word here and there or a partial introduction, very informal, was all those in charge could make possible. Mrs. IdaSmoot Dusenberry, who had met some of the delegates in Toronto while attending the Council, went to Ogden to meet them, accompanied by Mrs. Annie Wells Cannon, and they did whatever was possible to help with introductions and to make these guests of honor feel how delighted the citizens of Utah were to have, such celebrated women guests of our city. Salt Lake was honored in receiving thesjwonderful women from so many countries, speaking different visit ta America was languages, and-than event such as has not transpired before in history. The "Toronto papers said they were the most distinguisned women from all parts of the globe, and they were representative women of the countries from which they came." They not only represented countries but subjects of vital importance to humanity at large, for the uplifting and betterment of all mankind. They were not traveling about for pleasure, but to help the great work of progreis in various directions to reach all parts of the great world. These grand women are aiding in the crusade against all forms of vice and evils.and spread- -' ing enlightenment abroad, and among those who sit in darkness. Their attainments on grave educational and scientific questions are very great, and they are endeavoring to solve the most difficult problems of real life; and many of them have already rendered valuable service in various capacities. They are not onlv women of thnnirht.-'hnnf n. tion, helping to move the world forward. Perhaps some of those who saw them, considered very little about the great work these tired travelers were engaged In doing. There was neither time nor opportunity for communication with them or even momentary conversation in this respect the affair was very unsatisfactory, but even had there been a formal reception in some large hall, there would have been scarcely time to mnr man snake hands. It was a large party, and : iaKe n an m all, " obliged to submit to ' - eir ... c4dSfte, S ! H f s 