THE LITTLE STRANGER; ) t-- " Anthony , A merican women; wlio, after consultation with friends in England and France, Whence comeetThou, Little Stranger? I know thee not, nor . hare I Bought Thine acquaintanceship. Thy rare baby Joy and gladness, with love full fraught, Who gave it thee? And why shoulds't be Thine alone, inimitable, Unpurchasable, to thee free, Unsearchable by icience grave? What teaching or philosophy Such wondrous sweetness to thee gave? Who doth tell thee, Little Stranger, The deepest eecrets of theheart? Wiper heada than thine have pondered Yet ne'er discerned the smallest 'part. Who hath made thee, cans't thou tell me, The wee instructor of my soul? Great divines with power and pathos Have failed to reach thy easy goal. tary is Mrs. Lillian M. Hollister, of Detroit, Michigan, and the Treasurer, Mrs. II. Joile wv-ctu convene a representative aa. Nelson. Union City, Indiana., eembly of delegates from as many countries Speakers of National reputation will be as. possible; this assembly to be held in heard at the various meetings, all of whom Washington, in 1SXS, to celebrate th for- will assist in making known to the general tieth anniversary of the "Woman's Rights public the magnitude and variety of woman's movement, and to consider the possibility work for humanitj'. of organizing International and National .The International Council of Women has Councils of Women. As a result the Inter- for its President, Her The Counnational Council was organized with Mrs. tess of Aberdeen, wife Excellency, of the Viceroy of IreMillicent Garrett Fawcett of Kngland as its land, The Countess of Aberdeen is noted first president, Mies Clara Barton, of the'Red the world over for her philanthropy and for Cross Society, and Mrs. her elTorts to better the condition of women Rachel Foster-Averas corre?ponding less fortunately situated. Believing that all children, no matter what their station in At the same time, the National Council life, should be taught some useful occupaof Women of the United .States was formed, tion, her son. Lord Haddo, was brought up with the late Mies Frances Willard as its a practical farmer, while her daughters are skilful president. housekeepers who can dispense with National Councils of Women have been their servants ii need be, or face the rough formed in the United State?, Canada, Gerlife of a colonist without any sense of grievmany, Sweden, Great" Britain and Ireland, ance. Although modest and unassuming New Zealand, New South Wales, Italy; her royal position is such that she travels in France, Holland, Denmark, Austria, Switzer- state second only to that of King Edward land, Netherlands, Tasmania, Argentine, himself. Lady Aberdeen is at nreeent ner- Victoria, South Australia, Hungary, Nor- sonally encaged in a crusade against tuber culosis in Ireland. way and Queensland. The Correspond in c Secrelarv of the Inter The general ollicers are as follows: national Council of Women is Mrs. Maria II. E. The Countess of Aberdeen, president, M. Ogilvie Gordon, I). Sc., Ph. D., F. L. S., Vice Regal Lodge, Dublin, Ireland. of Aberdeen, Scotland. Mrs. Gordon, who 13 a cousin of Countess Aberdeen, was the Frau Marie Stritt, 1st Durerstrasse 110, Dresden, Germany. first woman to present an original work on any natural science subject for the degree of Dru Anna 2nd D. Sc. in London, and was also the first 110 Drottninggatan, Stockholm, Sweden. woman to enter for the degree of Ph. D. at Munich, which she won with the highest Madame Jules Siegfried, 3rd Mrs. Gordon has written several 226 Boulevard Saint Germain, Paris, France. honors. books on science, and was among the first Mrs. Ogilvie Gordon, D. Sc., Ph. D., F. L. group of scientific women admitted as FelS., corresponding secretary, lows of the Linnaean Society of London. 1 Rubislaw Terrace, Aberdeen, Scotland. Mrs. Elizabeth Sanford, a woman of proMrs. Miss Martina KramersrRerarding secretary", minenceSanford has traveled extensively in the in92 Kruiskade, Rotterdam, Netherlands, terests of the Council of Women. Mrs. W. E. Sanforil, Treasurer, person, whose name is accepted by Wesanford, Hamilton, Ontario. theAny Executive Committee and approved by the Council of his own Nation, where one The Conveners of the International Com mittees are as follows: exists, may oecorae a- me patron oi mis Council upon the payment of $200; or may Peace and Arbitration, become a quinquennial contributor upon the Mrs. Mav Wright 'Sewall, of $25.00 within the quinquennial 201 N. Euclid Ave., Pasadena, Cal. payment period. Laws Concerning the Legal Position of Every member of every society, belonging to a federated National Council is a member Women, of the International Council, and can attend Mme. D'Abbadie D'Arract. Paris. 32 Rue Vanneau, and take part in the discussion at its meet ings. Suffrage and. Rights of Citizenship, The influence of the International Council Rev. Anna Howard Shaw, can at present be best traced through the Moylan, Pa., U. S. A. results of the work of the National Councils, Standard and Equal White Slave Traffic which it has been the means of forming. Morals, These Councils can show proof of having Samte-CroiDe Avrll Mme. been instrumental in- breaking down preju1 Avenue Malakoff, Paris. dices, and in promoting mutual understanding and charity between adherents of es. Press, : ,.' sentially different faiths, races, parties, and Mrs. Willoughby Cummings, A4 Dewson St., Toronto, Ontario. also providing a pivot round which desire to labor for the good of humanity, Finance, may unite for the common "cause; they have . Frauelein Helene Lange, also collected and spread correct information bei Berlin, Gillstrasse 9, Grunewald, ' concerning woman's work, and created a Germany; center which will prove a rallying point for .Jr. desire to live The president and nme delegates ..from wnmpn who. in all countries, than each Nationai Council federated with the for others and leave the world better International Council of Women, together they found it. Issued Jrom the"ofIic&.of with.JhL general officers and conveners of standing committees, have the right to vote Mrs. Lillian M. IIollister, at the Quinquennial Sessions Chairman, Press Committee, The President "from the United States National Council of Women, y d Swift, of Council is Mrs. Detroit, Michigan. Secre , California; the" Corresponding vice-preside- nt, y -- Who hath clothed thee, Little Stranger, With such dainty, princely grace-Gr- ace of mind, and heart and action Thou (lower mystery of the race? Will it mar thy native beauty When life's hard lessons thou'rt taught, Then will all thy innate iweetness Fade away and come to naught? Who hath given thee, Little Stranger, Thy wealth of love, thy jewels rare That Bhine on me, and where did'st get Thy sunkieeed crown of silken hair. The like of which no king doth hold? Riches thine that can't be "cornered," Nor by the mighty be controlled. . Whence all these slaves, Little Stranger, That humbly serve thee night and day? Were they captives in thy conquests," Brought in chains from some fierce fray, Who so meekly do thy bidding, Hurrying at thy faintest call? Or doth thy superior forces Into quick surrender, awe all Those whom thy majesty may meet? The world and I want information; Thy method, prithee, we entreat. Maud Russell. vice-presiden- Hierta-Retziu- ' m t, vice-presiden- t, s, vice-presiden- t, - the-Trea?uf- INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL QUINQUENNIAL. A notable gathering of women from all over the world to be held in Toronto, Onta1909. The National Council rio, June of Women of the United States one of the councils represented. Her Extwenty-threcellency, the Countess of Aberdeen, wife of the Viceroy of Ireland, will be present. The women of America are now looking forward to the coming of the Quinquennial Session of the International Council of Women, to be held in Toronto, Ontario, of this year. Canada, June Representative women from every part of the world will be. present at this session, which will be one of the greatest gatherings tf women ever held on the Western Continent. These women are familiar with the needs of their respective country, and can give a breadth and outlook, attainable in no other manner, thus, the immense value of such a gathering may be readily seen. It is specifically understood that the International Council is organized in the interest of no one propaganda, and ha3 no power over its members beyond that of suggestion and sympathy. Its purpose is to provide a means of communication between women's organizations mall countries; also to provide for women to meet together opportunities 11 nnrfo rt,iha toyvtM In hnnfar rmnn n noflt inn r r a1 at iTp. to th t welfare of the com-- . monwealth; the family and the individual. Like most great movements the International Council of Women has been a de- Tta formation 18 QUe tO JMrS. TTolrmmAnf Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Miss Susan B. 15-2- 9, e 15-2- 9, , . m er: - , ' . - x, ' - all-wh- : -- b . .. v 1 Mary-Woo- Ber-kel- o 