03 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. feathers, a needle from a slender. bone, and ioou ironi tue same source, would be consistent and applauded around the world with a contract drawn for a scries of moving pictures. Hut only a few of us can Ik candidates for a Crusoe existence. .''We do, however, crave the. coverings that nature has given the natural inhabitant if the Pdrd islands, and do not scruple to Use every means to transfer that covering from their bodies tor our personal adornment. If it were only lad for the complexion or caused horrid lines and blemishes to wear dead birds, like so many scalps, there might then he an immediate remedy for this wretched fashion, but the aigrette is beautiful and becoming in its airy grace, and so the massacre goes on, or rather, this statement should be qualified and used in In the passage of the the past tense. tariff plumage bill that is a part of the new scienlaw, the ornithologists, agriculturists, tists and friends in general of the birds with bright or dull plumage sincerely hope, they see the beginning of the end, but, as our stall" game commissioner" says all new laws in have to be tried out, if is still too early its passage to have noted great results. We have incurred the wrath of incoming travelers, who, through ignorance of the new declare law, or otherwise, have failed to those delicate bits of adornment the screamed out aigrettes. One opera singer her wrath when ordered to give up $l,(XX) this in aigrettes tliat she had brought to countrv for stage purposes, and was loud m her denunciation of this free land, suggestthe Statute ing to the custom inspectors that of Liberty be removed from its pedestal. This new law reads: " 'Aigrettes Or other bird piumage, unu. the new tariff importation is forbidden by hats of inlaw, must be removed from the over to the coming travelers and turned customs authorities before the travelers leave the wharf. Secretary McAdoo today so ruled because of reports that an aigrette woman had been snatched from the hat of a at New York.' - " of aigrettes, egret 'That and the feathers plumes or 'osprey' plumes, skins or parts of quills, heads, wings, tails,, or manuskin., of wild birds, either, raweducational factured and not for scientific or is hereby prohibited ; but this proton shall, not apply to the feathers or to the fathers of plumes of ostriches, or kind.' Think wha domestic fowls of any the United it will mean for the whole of law to States by only six lines of national that is end the disgraceful bird slaughter of the the demands going on in response to Traders in American fashions. three "Our dictators of fashion dec are from feet of lonesome trimming dangling the .correct the rear of our head coveringsassurance f the style for winter, and, with ap- tfr. rrazv style, r wc j the ietmnine, in places of worship, street, the in pedring : . a ,'r, ..x Mr .Harnmans ' the ballroom, yea., nui servants m tos. do we assist those publ.c ,n the car windows, iruiy birds i -- -- . the-importatio- nnt ay on .tong individual in the crowded .car, m sweetlv addressed by the with, 'Does my feather annoy over o", ' Thirafter fquentofpunctures.nflamed ey es. his countenance and a pair m.nutes ago O no. madam, I cut it off ten an,! "There will come a certain reaction, find the demure the season of 1914 may lady-standin- - . . . .1 'tflltll'kl I. 1111 I'll rx state federation by Mrs. May Ktley Smith will give a slight idea f the obstinacy with which the gentle se- ha- - fought against everv advancement by those hoping to ave the remnant of bird Hie. Kxtract : "1 lave mi read and did you Oliver as we did over committee ol the- action of the fore-tr- y women in St. Louis, to whom the tale ie? eratioti referred the audubon pledge? letter- the ly blind to", and apparently ignorant o! tlueconomic rclation between the iiwcl.. bird and the tree, which it i supposed to bc committee to pre the object of a fore-tr- y 'I erve, the secretary civilly remarked: uuK refuse to subscribe to that sort thing, becau-- e if I want to wear an aigratc i In vt iw.n inv conscience And the chair liiirf nii n adman agreed that 'We must refuse to vocate 'the pledge for I intend to wear one of those very things on my hat.' Ami the decision newspapers that chronicled this will added: 'The clubwomen of St. Louis in this not uphold the forestry committee Y rk j lii ; - ...t-t'.i'ti- ,.-,.'- i in i:i i ot its safety.- - As in it may suddenly be was the thousands around the lakes - il';d otf ;. piof till gtebe, fashi. .ti.ible, and the- grebe c.iM-'ii- dcciiM-- 1. M'egon. . "Some ird- - are brought into the market bea- - an cxperjnuut. The) are killed, not came ll.etv- is a diinand for tlkiu', but on the chance that tlu demand, may be created ln's hows the danger in which every ehof tinel) j'lmnaged bird stair's until I - -- iRiitg. - ii.' j j small-tow- Tv:iiHs.fe scud's each year ta the. market Enough to bring in $?00, with the price at ivuti if. dozen ;U5.UCO robins. The fact tint a paiticulat bird is not wanted hr the"-jin- u r - One1 slaughter. Aiiou-a- le (Juaker bonnet or even, the calico sunlnmuct minis even the tail feathers from the barnyard fowl. A little extract from a paper j -- I kgMation interferes. The cjneslion that thousands of working people would be if the fancv thrown .out of eniplox-iiciifeatlur trade weie taken iVoiu them has no t undati 'ti. f. "Hiis ne.ieiial gives les labor t( the kind working class, than prbably any other .1 '.uniiiing thai could be or would le et.. The profit does not go In pav the wages of a large number ol the few firms who hand'. It goes-t- ,,oed in its place. o eon-duc- t the buMiies-- . When the wild birds can n.. .nger be ..bi nned, ostrich and poliltCY ' action.' . ieatbu's runain. and there can be no doubt the this decision, of manner is the "It tint the e of artificial llowers and berries defiance of public sentiment by women that and of rib) on and fancy ornaments would a was It occurrence. this in most hurts incre.iM- and gie more employment in the to the delightiul return to moment the wild happv the latter !,'., niarktt than is now given by Bird given of 'The Masque port bird plumage. Mr. M.cllain, in his speech in New Hampshire near summer the of part re the senate in August, refers io the Prc-ideWilson's summer home.- (.real lill inT :a. .. l.:. l. inv iimiiii..v. .Hsii- U mi muui tli,. ot perlsleUCN because ink-resawas aroused, not alone of tli. Artificial mi. iwv. ciaiion the taken cuiijaoo by and tW- interest principal parts feathers were the ,,.pnv or egat plume. The ot the but President's (laughters, ,, linger to be labeled real. Assistants were the and popdoors of out play its settings, to assure lady customers that intruded Mackaye ularity of its author, Percy dclicaif sprays were manufactured hy thee the than more serious far and "The case is ti e millions out of quills, horse hair, the for Put profits world at large suspects. bv an army of workers who material, other unno and unmolested, arth- - birds would be earned their living by this pleasant and the can escape long protected wild species the trackless tistic work. From demands of commerce. "The fraud nourished until 1908, when it wnrld the round New Guinea, jundes-ocame evident that the force of mere repetue ot d peaks with both .wavs. to the tition which had proved so successful Ainer-jr- i is sate bird Andes no unprotected an uncritical public would not stand investibirds the of destruction hare in the" tribunal. pe gation before a serious 0,0)-p-urois for adornment purges invention of artificial ospreys was "The 30.0OJ.UKi the same, and Lngland for that of molted feathers The discarded ! be real, but it was vearlv. Millions each year sprays were admitted to ' "l)o vou mt marvel that I nele Sam t wear real idumes: They with a bird no longer cruel to chair arm nests his in big omfnmblv siVnplv been picked out of the bad on one armband we, as a nation, iiotyen after the birds had raised their younfj and sacred ,. . u A few torn, : nivth. Tim, holding that bird J " I' ll OR HIoth. he with picked waving the stars and stripes adlv f raved plumes are occasionally The ' I.' . ficldr birdless Hilt almost hand over his the swampv nreeumg yium. from ss up or nghui shed after nesting, but these arc brilliancy of the.plumagc been lnve the k.iui that These of the song does not argue too poor to command any price. ered creature is useless. or aigrettes are in effect the marplumes can. -One pair of rose breasted grosbeaks on riage wing of the snowy heron, or egret. in a week, destrov all of the potato bugs sometimes called 'the love feathers are Thev the vines trade an acre of potatoes and then keep the birds. The story of the aigrette of " the innocents by clean for an entire season. ot deals w ith the slaughter of bucket a with of starvation, a method "Whereas, two boys th- - slow process everv. for of one cent shows has never been followed paris green, at a salarycannot even appro.xi- deal-in- most savage race of men hundred slain bugs, the even bv has broug ate that record. Chemistry. with their most hated enemies U e but its past breakers to great war of extermination which has 'This an forward unchecked for years insects continue to work too insidiously carried been to the rapid quickly for man adequately could mean hut one thing, namely, oti vvhen ""them It is. for you to remember, the insect disappearance of the egrets of the Lmted mmeto select your new hat, that As nesting birds they have disajv 1 u-- - I - m t - - f I snow-cappe- - 1 co-wrt- of the interest is the record does the United; Statesr and this, ornamental incbde damage done to .. trees. t .- .. shrubbery, snauc .a. nas aibU I'TUn 1 11C I"1"" ?b nef . If Vir- neared from New Jersey, Maryland. ginia and also those states of the Mississippi be where at one time they were to the efforts for folm l i great numbers. The of the egrets and herons are pres 