WOMAN'S EXPONENT. for-feitu- pseudo-martyrdom- re wind-mill- race-cours- martyr. At the funeral of Don Quixote one would siirelv weep; he sought not.the applause of a community, nor desired posthumous fame." the exploits serving-man- , Save for were performed alone, of his lie would not have hurt a lamb, whose identity was apparent as such. Alas! poor gentleman, he was subject to illusions. But a woman of established sanity, in the of life's prime, indued with the privilege of he had graduated from intellectuarculture a university with the degree of B. A. had thrown away her life for an act in which served. not reason was justified, There is usually perceptible in a waiting crowd the 'prevailing sentiment which has gathered it together. It was a general the day on which the dead Suffrahe gette's funeral procession was to pass. route had been advertised, and in the brilwere lined liant sunshine the street-curb- s with multitudes eager to be diverted by a curispectacle, possessed with sensational underosity which had a certain morbid current here and tlue. At length from the ,raiks of onlookers was shouted, "Hark! here "they conic" !" A band was heard, and nearer and nearer came the wailful strains of Two glass Chopin's 'Marehe Funebre. hearses appeared, containing wreaths andlien came an open other floral tributes. d pennon hearse, from which a in smothered fluttered heavily; upon that, white and purple ilowers, was the coffin. Then advanced a long procession of motley banners. Jn the rear they stretched the the heads ot length of the street, high above in texture, thecrowd. Many of them rich ; most, a few were emblematic in design however, reared a motto or scripture text in white background. purple letters upon a or- Certain of the former represented civic conizations conducted hy men, whose pohtTeal opinions accord with the suffragistg movement. .Most dolorous was one de- a society of women writers, the siOT-o- f a rising sun in gold upon a white black background shining dimly through chiffon drapery. Of the texts and.mottoesheld aloft," the selection or wording .consticontilled a lurid revelation of the thought at fusion and the aberration of sentiment knight-errantr- y nor-utilit- an-areh- y half-holida- y, 1 , of-woma- n's "Girls, ' Knowledge is now no more afountain scal.'d : Drink deep, until the habits of the slave, not Gossip and slander, die. Better At all, than not be noble!" 1 crape-boun- r v. rs - ed , ; hey-de- v . pillar-boxe- e. one-poo- d n. s "... ''I sand-wichma- .tvk-vancy- caused to stumble, escaped with a slight injury; but in a few days the woman dies of the hurts received. And the militant propagandists of the Vote advertise a spectacular funeral. The cause, has at length a d wide-brimm- lv , suf-fragis- m life-bloo- te-tur- n lu ? to consist in having in prowess appeared ' various ways proved .herself the equal of man, in total independence of all masculine aid, paternal or otherwise. "We" meaning the amazonian army of the militant sisterhood "are prouder of her than of Joan of Arc." Joan'the Maid, who spent her heroic for a selfless realization of a dream, I had heard of from time to time since daisy-chai- n davs: of the former lady never previously.. The words and tone of the proclaimer of her fame, however, brought by frictional process to.niy niind' the words of Tennyson: "Faclf luTo each, yet like in differcnte." think?' d replied, "a woman should; Men supplement, not substitute a man. should be chivalrous." Meanwhile the dieussion had attracted a little band of auditors around the stall. FrenchAmongst them was an unmistakable man, in an Inverness cloak and hat; and a matronly elderly woman. At the latter words the Frenchman gravethe woman said : ly doffed hls xlwpeau, while "Men in England arc not chivalrous as and its they used to be in my younger days, them just the Suffragettes who are spoiling for us all!" Half a dozen years, and the Suffragette-vendoof the militant journal, Votes for of Women, has become as familiar a figure london streets as the Turkish bath Meanwhile, she had contrived to contribute to the world a series 'of shocks, bidden sallies by surreptitious means into the sacred precincts of parliament, attempted .invasion' of. the premier's residence, have 01 been followed by wholesale smashing of the comwindows, and the destruction s. munity's letters in the public . mt Mv introduction towards this form of was at a certain stall of an exhibthis stall itionsome seven years ago. was a typical Suffragette, who. on my making cursory' examination of the pamphlets ' and other "suffrage ."literature" of the stall, advertised the opinions she Alas representing in a hard, measured voice. .She spoke in exaggerated terms of a 'Miss Somebody whose Ik-hin- the bTsis of the British Suffrage movement afc ft apjK'ars in the phenomenon of "militancy." For instance', "Give me Freedom or give me Death," seemed calculated to impel a more casual mind than Pilate's to. turn" over the query. "What is Freedom?" "Fight on, and (iod will give the. Victory," tiie injunction on another banner, was somewhat provocative of inquiry as to the miliCertain tant Sultragi-ts- ' religious cretl. iliieci quotations, from scripture had a more painful effect upon those who hold the ideals "f ( hi istianit v in reverence. One of these, indeed, in relation to that coffin, seemed pitiful through the falseness of the :e!uit she could." ;; "She hdtli 1'luit Hie epitaph to describe the culminating r;trnes&. of a once promising career, cut Had the act which cost shoit at its the woman graduate her life Ik en to stop a run awav dray, in order to save a little child, or even a jut dog from injury, the applicaBut then there tion might have served. would have been no pompon procession, no banners nor bands for the diverted multiWhat is it Charles Reade, in his tude. , preface to a great book, has said concern-ing soitows suffered in silence, noble deeds done without recognition, burdens bravely borne' every day by those "obscure heroes, philosophers and martyrs that people earth?". But a band in the rear was now passing, and inagain the drains of Chopin wailed forth finite lament. Well might the mournful music wail on this bright (lay for the vigorous life laid low prematurely. The woman in her coffin was a martyr, after all not in a great and noble sense, but one supremely pitiful the martvr of a cause whose inherent blundering have resulted in wild and wilder now at length .'emblazoning itself with a vain apolheosis of its first victim unto deathThe pitv of the individual tragedy of a waste?rsacrifice almost hallow ed the propaof gandists' farce. As the music passed out the hearing onward with the coffin towards station', I thought of certain lines learned the b.ng ago by heart, which first conveyed to fdea rights in a serious sense, me. Perhaps the dead1 Suffragette had known and felt them, too, until the octopus of notoriety, with its fatal clutch, marred in her the sense of, the truth and fitness of are uttered by "The things. The linesfcllow-scxkewho would Princess" to her stake1 the utmost for the highest: ; hunger-striking- . f. . Churches have been burned to the ground,-- ; priceless pictures ruthlessly destroyed; havcix-estruck in; the face in the policemen official discharge of duty, .by those Mr., iatrsp would have been apt to describe witlr certain qualifications a- - "female women." In goal for the crime of arson, when wholesale destruction of life has been narrowly averted, tile insurgent patriot on behalf of release women's vote obtains a her ; through the ru-- e of to freedom is celebrated by a banquet-aone of the expensive hotels. But one day the world rings with an act which makes the mo-- t daring deed of Quixote pale before it. Not the (juiet plain which stretched around revolving that the Don mistook is the scene of adventure, but the crowded spectacle ot the royal A militant Suffragette Derby having evaded the barriers has thrown herself amongst the hordes while they were galloping by. A jockey, whose horse was woman and man yvould result in the of that chivalry which is maifs deference, not to'woman's inherent weakness only, hut to her dower of delicacy and fineness, psychal ami temperamental, in the sum of her strength. What, after all, is the destiny that woman in her best development was intended by the law of furtherance to fulfil? To achieve submergence, of her womanhood, a burlesquing travesty of man, until Nature, outraged, brands her as a monstrous abortion, or Time, in reactionary adjustment. disowns her ancestry amidst a vompensated generation's laughter? Or is it for her to know herself, qompletc, unique in individuality indeed, but in the electrical light ofcompar-m- , seen decreed within herself to be, not man's double, but. his complement, as surely as. he is heirs? To recogiyV.e tins is to recognize elem'entaktruth, potentially motioned towards infinite altitudes of the ideal in realization. What, one ponders, can be the attitude'' thercto-o- f the militant Suffragists, whose blatant egoism, revealed in vagaries of ever increasing violence, has scourged the land with lawlessness broadcast, soliciting condonence of its crimes in L. Florence Lancaster. FRUIT CAKE. , (without . 1 cup teaspoon cinnamon, 1 currants. raisins, 1 teaspoon cloves,' cup 1 teaspoon 1 cup water, teaspoon soda, exlemon I teaspoon salt, y2 clip butter I cup sugar. .. . tract, " be added nutmeats may Candied peel and if desired. soda Roil all ingredients (except flour, minutes. and lemon), together for a few and lemWhen lukewarm, add flour, soda and bake, in on extract. - Mix thoroughly first. at hotter oven having slow oven, 2 cups flour, repre-antin- . 1 1 j ; eggs.) . 