WOMAN'S' Josiah Ouincy .said: "Civil mdependc mcc was as.trul.v thcir'object-a- religious liberty.'1 s j ' "III tl'ie VCar 1630 Pnritrni rhlrmictc' rmvio land-mark- .103 in 1623 under "the name of New Amsterdam. The first wlrite male child born on d s. the Viand 'was Jean Vigiie, n 1611 The first white Ngirl. Sarah Kapaljc. wa in 1625. IVW-- Mimiit. the first, important governor of the new colony arrived in 16.V, u and; from that time the growth town In was rapid. 1652. .New Amsterdam incorporated as a city, and the next e.u was inclosed at the north by a wall of earth and timber 2.? 10 feet long, on the present she Im r r . city-wielde- d vs -- of-t!- the Decollation pi""cl Af-- u - y. io.. -- not-dispose- -, ; 1 ware. Thn n.iirdi vessel Oiirust. with Captain the rommaudinLr. and in 1651 the Dutch Delavare,.in-lfT23- , hni'H Fnrt Cnsinni. which was captured by the Swedes in 1654, retaken by the Dutch the same- year, "captured by the English in 1664, surrendered to the Dutch afcain hr 1673, and finally given over to the English Penn's depby the treaty of 1674. William William uty governor and cousin, CaptainOcMarkham,' arrived at Philadelphia- in tober, 1681 ; and Penn's commissioners in the early summer of 1(582, William, Penn x uw.-- s hunselt, wiui a large cuiniiaujr Delor Ouakers, reached Newcastle on the aware on October 27, 1682. The City of Philadelphia had been .named, surveyed, set plotted and the lpts occupied by some tlers in July, 1682. The. Dutch and German pioneers whodiad been invited br Penn ' s, - HiM-nlriVWrn - - - -- ti'i-e- pub-!u- ! the battle of Long Island the Ame'ricau .and woe. gradually trooj m:1 ij;t, the' hands of the British, who held it under rigid military rule until No- em:ei . unui nie uru ui men gan i.s"ii (.vacuated the city, and, the Amcrv ican tioKjis took poosim. A few weeks later Washington took farewell of his officers at Francis Tavern, at the corner of i'.road and Pearl Streets. From 17'X) New York h is ranked as the nuM populous city in the Tinted States. Of whatshe is today we cannot speak, except to say that now, as from the beginning, the beauty, in fact every phase of the city's life, is as varied .as the people themselves. After the birth of the i'niou, the selection ot a capital was iiot easily settled. The north, the south, and the middle states wanted it. The site at Washington Wets selected as a courtesy to the south . New York, however, was chosen as the first capital of the young republic. In January, 1785 ttill in the colonial period, lie it remembered I, Congress removed from Philadelphia to New York and met in Federal Hall, at the corner ot 'all aiM Nassau Streets, now the site of. the .United States sub treasury. In the same building Washington was inaugurated as president on April Ml 17S', nd there the first Congress under the Constitution held its first meetings. New York remained hc first capital for tive ears after which Philadelphia claimed the honor again, and held it until the permanent removal to" Washington, Philadelphia. If we must decide upon cenany one single city where most interest tralized during the latter colonial days and those of the revolution. I think we would unhesitatinglv name "the city of brotherly In 1636 Queen Chrislove, Philadelphia. tiana of Sweden, sent a boat 'of Swedish colonists to the village of Wiccaco, now a Indian town which part of the main city, an also once stood within the present city limits. In 1677 the Swedes erected a log churJi which also served as a fort. In 1700 this was torn down, and a ) I c ed on the, site known as the bid Swedish Church, which still stands in th$ southern of the Delapart of the city on the .banks . thrown-over-board- of Independence was and lead to the troops,- i of Wall Street.. We know that England, by ngl'it of claimed this territory, as well ;h that lu- did v to the r.orth and south of it. encourage. any claims of those who had settled uj)on these lands 'unlc-- s by her own grants. On March 12. PV4sthis w hole, colony of New Amsterdam was granted, by Charles IV, then king of England, to his brother, the Duke of York, and in August of that year was forcibly seized by a Ihilih licet.' Tile place was then named Yw York in honor of its new owner. The Dutch were to submit tamely and without a struggel to this seizure of what they deemed their rightful possessions, and in 1673, the Dutch seized it again and renamed it New Orange, but a year later it wa- - re storcd-t- o the English and for good, tins time. An organized government and code of laws were established in 16''1, and on April Pth of that year the first colonial asembly met in the city. In 1825 the first newspaper, the Xew York Gazette, was 'founded; in 1730 a fortnightly stage service to Philadelphia was established ; in 1752 the Royal Exchange v;h opened at the foot of I'.road Street ; in 1751, Kings (now (Columbia) College was chartered ami in 7t& the chamber of commerce was organized. Nowhere is the truth more plain than that the story of a community is told in the lives of. iis inhabitants. The story of J Boston, for instance, deals with the doings of a community of very earnest men who, for a century and a half, had no considerable interest's except those connected with politics and religion. This influence was notice-- " able in every phase of life in Massachusetts. In New York it was quite different,. The people were as diversified' in temperament, interests, religion and principle as they were united in Boston. The difference is as marked from the beginning of the history of the two cities. Social activity, club life and every phase of commercialism is to be seen from the beginning in New York. There was a peculiarly aristocratic structure in New Yror4v society, which gave many of its most brilliant names to our nation's history, like the'Livingstons, Chintons, Schuy-lerand many others. There was also more of the lower strains of humanity in the city than others of colonial days, and the effect was most pronounced. There were Dutch At the time of the Revolution Boston was the richest and most powerful and populous city in the colonies. Yet it contained only 2,OQ0 buildings and less than 20,000 inhabitants. In and near this old town werccen-acte- d the first stirring scenes in our war for 'independence. From here the British, went out to meet the 'embattled farmers of Lexington and Concord, and fought the battle die eige of of Bunker Hill, followed Boston, and the evacuation fo ,ct by Washington, March 17. 1776. From its foundation, the tone of society in Boston was serious, owing to the Puritan influence. She was inclined to regard her rival cities' as frivolous in their pursuits, owing to her advantages. Situated upon so large and excellent a harbor, .Boston has been a great commerciafand industrial city. The first bank in America.' historians in 1686. Ed- say, was established in Boston, ucationally, she has always taken first rank. In colonial days, to which we must confine ourselves at this time, certainly no other a more powerful influence in the, shaping of our young nation's" destiny, than ilid the chief city of the old Bay State. New York. The original Indian name of New York City was Manhattan.. The Gioiasini Vera- , first European visitor was. zani, who entered New York Bay in loi:, but he made no landing.' The real discov- Reformed and Huguenot acongregations, large followerer and explorer of those regions was Presbyterians, Catholicsand each found their own Heindrich Hudson, a mariner employed by ing of Episcopalians, The spirit of in New York a Dutch trading company. He explored proper place" .rule made its appearNew York Bay and the great river, which resistance to British York at an early date. The bears his name, in 1609, in his little ship, the ance in New Stamp Aqt congress was organized in 1865; 'Half Moon.: Ten years later Adrian Block known as The Sons of visited Ianhattan made a landing and. es- so was the league Act was, publicly stationIn. 1614 States Liberty. The Stamp tablished of taxed tea were General of Holland chartered the United burned, cargoes a liberty pole was erected on New Netherland Company , to engage in the City Hall Park, and ' trade at llanhattari and a; fort and tradirfade public demonstrations were ing house were built on the southern point rigorous the British garrisdnr One of the oAhe, island, and called Fort Amsterdam. against conflicts of the wai occurred in John A permanent village settlement was effected earliest al-wa- Street, between Sons of Liberly'and 'British troops, 'n the same day the equestrian statue of ( Icorge 111; on Bowling Creen, was pulled down and. transformed, into bullets' f'.r the use of the American army. In the ;.!!! g of 177o the bulk of the patriot army was massed in New Yoik. and on July Sth -- 'from .England under the leadership of Thomas Dudley and John Winthrop, and founded the town of Ilnstnn. The newcomers first called it Trjmount, from the three peaks which Peacon Hill originally showed. The name was afterward changed to Poston for old ftrwigji in England, in honor, of Winthrop's leaders, who came from that place. For nearly-two centuries Boston remained under the simple form of a town government hy all the citizens, assembled in "town meeting," The citv charter was not granted until 1832. It is impossible to give a very general description of the city, but the original site, with its uninviting" natural features and what the people made of it, is a fairlv good indication of their courage, energy and ability. Boston was built on a peninsula indented bv coves and bordered by salt marshes. Its surface was rocky." abrupt and irregular, and such it was until after the Revolution. The streets were narrow and crooked, many of :them merely lanes and alleys. The buildings scattered and detached, only four being of stone, in 1776.' Of these, Kings chapel yet remains. Comparatively few were of brick, the latter including Fanuel Hall, the town (now called old State house). Christ's Church and the Old South Meeting House still treasured pear-shape- ! exponent: . - - . , J 