same profit for flowers) and over' one hundred large , bunches of flowers sent to friends . 'besides, So, it is a conservative estimate that I give you when I say that within two years from its entire setting out, in the fprm'of a park, a block would be savings its residents one thousand dollars per year, and furnishing bouquets, too, for friends. The residents on any block cmild unite. Here we arc friends, relatives, neighbors of long standing. Let us take out the unsightly, fences, mark our property lines with rows erf flowers, lay out the block as a park a combined vegetable garden, orchard, vineyard, flower garden and lawn It would not only be a thing of beauty and a joy forever, if it were unceasingly cared for; and who would be content with the stale and expensive market product after enjoying the fresh vegetables and fruit from his own v vine and tree ? -- Lbclicve that the greatest difference between poverty and plenty, between poor living and good living, is a home garden. Then, just for a moment, think of that degraded poverty that never allows God's children to sec even" a bud unfold. Who could have joy in such an unlovely life? It does cost work, it does take time. But it brings ioy! Digging is good for women, for both old and young. Both of my grandmothers were gardeners of no mean order, and both oassed the eightieth mark and one nearlv reached ninety. There nmst be early rising. Say, did you 'ever sec a sunrise "out in your own quiet garden; where everything seemed waiting, expectant, for the sunlight? Yes, gardening pays, and in more ways than one. In parkhig -- block, after the fences are removed the soil should be fertilized by manure and dead leaves that are available, and must also lie carted awav. What a Waste to burn the leaves, and how dreadful it makes the atmosphere. Walks should be laid out and don't be stingy about the walks; make them broad and spacious. It 'will add greatly to the beauty of your home. Small, sunny ' patches should be filled in with strawberries, rhubarb and asparagus, and more shady spots will like English currants, goosberries, raspberries, sage, parsley, mint, summer savory and thyme. Grapes in the hottest soil and sunniest places, hung on a long .pergola or lattice: would be charming. A small grove of English walnuts and almonds, will pay large dividends in good nuts, after eight years, and continue bearing manv years. Thev are dec- ' orative from the first. ' Mr. T. T. Harwood has varieties of English walnuts that have become acclimated to these parts and they will not therefore freeze down in cpld weather) as all imported nut trees will. Now,' right here is the ideal home of the fruit trees. My grandfather, George A. Smith, set out a splendid orchard of peaches; .'pears, apples, apricots and plums. The centers of all our blocks are now , ugly weed patches ; they offer a field for ro tating Crops of corn, squash, potatoes,, peas. stnngsbeans, greens, carrots, beets, and onions. Now for flowers and lawnsthe east side' has 'shown usNvhat can be. done withalt Lake, But before that, long vearago. oth- ers blazed" the way IXLet udiark back to when James Dwye,r pi a rose garden in 4 ! a-' " - j . - fc . . Salt Lake.. Roses must. not' be planted singly, but in rose 'gardens, and then we . have roses indeed. the Car- lawn I lave you forgotten the big riugtou girls made, irrigated and tended? I think I sniff now the lovely,' ptfrc white, climbing roses on the south wall of the old home and there were the- great red peonies, too. Can you think back to the great trees of white and 'purple lilacs, and the cal- bage roses, all abloom in Grandmother .fer rill's dooryard ? Who has not been made glad with a bunch of rare chrysanthemums or roes from some wonderful flower garden? On the old Irving school block, you may find the finest General Jocks, asters and w'?et peas. , ' Then there are the wonderful old mountain willows but few remain. A few remained standing in the' old University grounds now Salt Lake High school. TTow T loved to prss near them, but alas the day. that I found the most beautiful ones' among them the monarchs of the grounds (and there were many trees tint were indeed lovely) lying broken, helnlcss to lift their dainty green, which always were the first to open their buds in coring. Think of destroying a half block of trees with a historv just to make a place in which bovs and Cf'rls might drill and nlav when a few blocks awav a hundred blocks lav emotv. except of sagebrush! Trecs,tbat. if thev coufd sneak, could telNhe storv of the red men. of hunters with the flint and arrow, of drv. parched desert places, of the entrance to this valley of the nale face, of the first breaking of virgin soil, the birth of irrigation, the T,'ding of the desert's nakedness beneath a mantle of greeft in a word, sentinels, witnesses of all that our fathers have done. Yea. vear bv vear the grand old willow had lovingly reached out in newer beautv. making shadier seats under their wonderful willow green tons seats you and T have sought And now mv heart for study periods. ached, mv voice choked with tears when my 'startled vision beheld them ruthlessly cut oown. destroyed forever. , Now no repentant hand could succor, them or recall the work of the cruel ax. Few remaining trees were spared. Three stand on the north side, just over the sidewalk, and one on the west. They have, it is true, been butchered, cut out of all true shane, but they still retaTn the same wonderful color, the same tender artistic feeling. We have but a few treasures Iett, a few of the okl trees, let us care" for them and make a beautiful setting for them. Sh all "we then pull down the ugly fences, lay out good walks, make lawns, plant rose gardens, shrubs, flowers, orchards, vineyards, and kitchen gardens? Let us do it now. and make a beginning- on, our garden of Eden. We have a beautiful city, by the inspiration of God she has been set upon hills, .slopes that look out on a wonderfuMnland sea. She is guarded and girded around by mighty mountains, crowned with everlasting snows, veiled with marvelous shades of blue. She with clear, cooling ' streams.fresh from ten thousand springs. LIejsolls yarv from sandy, graveled, loamy. Jo clayey earth and all can be made to grow . some lovely thmg. Can we honestly lift our eyes in praise and thanksgiving to God. for these blessings, and permit the very earth under our feet, our own inheritarice, the sod .encompassing our - -- - is-bles- sed . sacred hearth stones,, to lie iuert forbiddin. in barren ugliness, or worse; matted wit! weeds to scatter seed like a foul contagi. -- uponmayhap, our neighbor's garden? seems to me the very ground upon wh; weMrCvad from day to day and from vear t year would recoil from our touch heir, forever denied seed and love! THE SUFFRAGE MOVEMENT IN KNG LAND. The phenomenon of the "Suffragette generic title accorded to the repreentati r of the militant movement on behalf of- th woman's vote in England has its orgrmi ' rival in a advocacy of the n form movement, whose adherents ;i: termed Suff&gists even when respect besides these two. there is a third an tithetic party, frankly antagonistic to. vote, who proclaim themselves as Ant" suffragists. In addition, there is a ni'mv ing residue of English women who-- e .favorite policy is to evade the subject, but wh". if cornered for a definition of their view, frown or smile. 'and confess to "not re.alh care for polities' at all." A dozen years ago in Loudon, though the term "New Woman." exploited in a lienor less witty problem novel bv Sarah Grande, sounded somewhat stale. Women'- Suffrage was not in the air current. What - non-milita- nt i pa-si- vc; ii .' as essentially was understood appenammg to the matter had bcendiscuscd in cnurtlv . fashion the foregone centurv:, Tennyson's n ..11 'r r l'li'iiwi will ti rtT iirn in it irtii ot "sweet ....... nmrl praduates" a sane analysis , poignant complex questions in the sustain: '! rhvthm, varied with melodic 'interludes. To speak of "Women's The Prhhccss. Rights," a score of years ago. was to recall the domestic chaos of the Jcllabv household, if not to evoke simultaneously the shade, Mrs. Pardigglc. whose visitations upon the homes of the poor were inseparable with havoc to outstanding articles .wrought Inner. sweeping train. If Dickens, or if Ten nyson, recalled to the scene of.carthly vision, could be asked to translate his impressions of "The Signs of the 'Times." as presented by the campaign of his aggressive cotuitrv-wometoday, one wonders what creation nt an emancipated "type. embodied in immortal novel ; what revelation of reversal to the eternal feminine ideal, inspiring enchanting verse, would be added .to the world's store : Though these return not. contemporary literary opinion on the matter in question is overtly expressed from time to time. Mr. G. B. Shaw, the sardonic satirist of that New England play, The Devil's' Disciple. who has since, one suspects, become a satir- irnt bhsrur lvic nrfiirvpH n rlinrnrf prist ir ex entiposition of the.subiect in a stage-piec- e tled Fanny's First Plax. head of the League is star of society and cultured convention, Mrs. Humphrey Ward. Miss 'Marie Corelli ha?? expressed a doubt as to the average British woman being a responsible Ouida. claimant for. the imperial vote.' whose latter .volume of Critical Essays revealed her to be secondary in intellectual acumen to.no predecessor amongst English-speakin- g sister writers, left a word about the matter prior to her lonely passing : u was a logical statement to..the effect that the 1 I 1 I I I I j i n The-acknowledge- Anti-suffra- d that-seren- ge - ncciimntirvn rf 'i-iiii1!- f between the' (urterently tr" in rr rfi in CpnC? organized hcinj 