WOMAN'S EXPONENT f 94 now being pushed- with" greater vigor than, ever before. These, aigrettes, torn from the back of the bird during the nesting season only, now' sell for twice their weight in gold. b'rom $32 to $80 an ounce. Remember, .one aigrette costs fivo lives the mother bird Robbing- hen and the four nestlings. -- roosts grades as a respectable occupation One compared with plume hunting. commercial plume hunter boasted ol having killed 125,000 .birds. All the collections in this country, .caged and stufTcd, do not cnunt as many skins as are sold for millinery, in one London auction, and there are several auctions in a year. The imports, of millinery feathers t this country alo:ie are valued a't $11,000,000, while the valuation of the di;iufond imports at the last census was about oasis, the: jackal being the- only creature, capable of finding its way across that great trackless .plain, Before the ibis and the jackal start out across the desert, the soul of the departed is weighed agahfst an ostrich feather, and if not found wanting in the balance he is permitted to start on his hunt for the oasis. "The government of India made the export of skins and plumes from Insjia illegal, and yet naturalists and others 'interested in that in spite of this prohibition tiie feathers of the birds peculiar to the Kat" Indies cohtinuvd to beffered for sale ' ni' London. '"It was then learned that .many cae were imported as cow hair or horse hair, a layer of horse hair covering perhaps thousands oj kms.. "Yet back of the feather merchant and plume, hunter, who supply the skins, are the meii who make a fashion for women and then impose it upon. them subtly, irresistibly. '.'The rebellion of Audit bonis ts against wanton waste of the prettiest thing in nature ought to begin, it. would seem, not in the rookeries, not in boudoirs, not in milliners shops, not in feather dealers' warehouses, but in those lofts in Paris where modes of headgear are designed and, by authority more autocratic than a czar's, more respected than a pope's, are enjoined upon a civilized woman as 'the latest thing.' "Who did kill Cock Robin? Nobody clamors for the distinction - - j tlie-matter'ia- $looo;ooo. In the southern part of our country a must have been 500 leu sears aro tht-re varieties of our daintiest bits of animate tYatlk-relife, the humming bird. Cnly a few varieties are seen now. .Many winter in Cuba or Mexico and along our western cuat. In Cuba, as well as in the I'nited States, the hummb'g birds. have been killed Is to swell the London oil' by the thous-feather trade. '1 hey sell from a fraction of a cent to 2 cents apiece, and some inffortu-it with $10,000 too much money for his. own good pail that price recently in Paris for a cloak made of humming-bir- d skins. "The King of the Cannibal Isles who requested that humming birds' tongues on j toast be served him for breakfast had notTT-iu- g over the wearer of the cloak. The ancient Mexicans looked upon the humming bird as emblems of the soul, as the Greeks did the butterfly, and held that the spirits of their warriors who had died in 'defense of their religion were transformed into these mot brilliant of living creatures, and yet - ' u - , -- : ' 'Not I,' said the plumex, 'It's nothing but rumor." from strong lights and facing away from the. window. "Chicken pox appears about two week-afte- r exposure, usually with slight fever There is an eruption within the firs twrtitv-fou- r hours of crops of reddish pimple-- , thickest on the back, which become blister ina day or so and scale off in a week. "Keep the child 'quiet in bed on a light diet while the fever lasts ami isolated until Inflamed eyes, the last scale has fallen. which often accompany this disease as we!! as nieaLs, should be guarded from bright light and relieved by cold compresses. Kx posure after the disease often results in severe bronchitis or pneumonia. "Measles develop about ten to fourteen days after exposure, are very contagion-- , and may be carried in the clothes. "The disiwe begins with red weeping eyes, nasal discharge, dry cough and all the svmptoms of a severe cold. It is accompanied by fever, loss of appetite and on the third or fourth day irregular patches .of small dark red raised fpotsappear first on face, neck and arms ami later in trunk and legs. There is also itching of the skin.cspe-.i- . i: cmuy uuuiil; ccim. "The child should be kept in fced until the fever is over and the eyes carefully guarded from strong light and bathe them three times dailv with boric solution. Cleanse the nose and throat from discharges ami do not permit mouth breathing. The bowels should be kept open, as the disease is partly thrown off in that way. "The diet for a baby should be milk, for older children fluid during the fever and . -- semi-solid- 'Not I,' said the birdman, 'I'm half brother to Pan.' 'Not I," said the seller, 'It's some brutal feller." 'Not I.' said the hatter, 'See Paris in the matter.' 'Not I,' said the "cat, 'Would I ever do that?' later our -; "Even the mildest cases should be rigidly cared for, since eye. ear, noc and throat troubles often complicate or follow measles. It is .advisable whenever a rash appears in a phvsician or "some one who can accurately (fiacriios? the case." to-ea- later years these bifds were marked out for such slaughter. In Oregon only a short 'Not I ' said the collector, time ago there were more Chinese pheasants 'I'm partly protector.' than thyc were in China itself, and yet in 'Not J,' said th dame, ' 'Twas dead when it came.'" 50.000"of. these Oregon recently pheasants NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. in killed a single day. The hunter has were pronounced the doom of the woodchuck, Mrs. Lillie Devcreaux Blake, a pioneer in and thv milliner has sentenced the bluebird. the cause of woman suffrage, died in a sanIN SICKNESS. The passenger pigeon, once so plentiful, is itarium at Lnglewood, N. J., December 30. rumor that now absolutely extinct. It is quite surprising how .Tew; young 1913.' aged 80 years. She had been ill for an Oregon university professor has discovered the nesting places of a group of these women avail themselves of the opportunity several years, and recently had a turn for birds in lu r state be true, there will be great to learn anything about the care of theick the worse, when it was seen that because and yet most of them expect to become of her advanced age her recovery was rejoicing. The one live specimen in the Cincinnati zoo died last summer. Tl.iey used to mothers and have- the care and training of Mrs. Blake was the author of several suc little children. Probably ignorance has been be butchered in their breeding places by the de- wagon loads. It afforded plumage and the cause of more, suffering and death among cessful novels in her earlier years, but oted the" greater part of her life to cham children than disease, and in this day there made rare sport: "On the Bahama islands and in Florida is little excuse for such ignorance. Nearly pioning the cause of woman's rights. She all the magazines contain articles for young vas born in Raleigh, N. C. were formerly large rookeries of the flamingo which are now nearly .extinct and great mothers and from the last number of nother woman Mayor has been elected numbers of the white ibis, which shared in "'Woman's Magazine" we cull a few'instruc-tion- s the popularity of its delicate plumage with" prepared by a trained nurse.; She in Oregon. A dispatch from Troutville writes: the egret. says that Mrs. Clara Larrson has been "The dangers of contagious disease are chosen to that office by a majority of five 4Tf only we had had sufficient sentiment to hold this bird sacred as the early Kgyp-tion- s .much increased by possible complications over who opposed her. ' did! Two thousmd years ago it was and the serious effects that often follow. Oregon's other wdman Mayor is Miss to commit murder to kill .one; of .these birds The. early symptoms of niany contagious disClara Murisqn of Warrenton, who was in Egypt' They symbolized the soul of a eases are those of a common cold and people elected by thexCitizens' ticket last year. are thus exposed unawares. Children should The town of Kanab, Utah, has a woman departed. be of the was to kiss "This superstition taught never Egyptians persons suffering mayor and the city council is composed enfrom .colds, never to .use the handkerchief tirely of women. The executive ability of so strong that burial grounds were laid out a common cup women is gradually being recognized not for the ibis, their bodies were embalmed, of another nor to drink-froin and in or costly wrappings placed glass. stiff rage states but the recent wrapped only shared in the coffinsvThe child "Should a succumb to contagion, appointments of. women to Federal positions jackal pottery isolate reverence with The bird, as he was delegate a large, well ventilated room, .shows that President Wilson realized the to accompany the soul of the departed on its free from draughts and accessible to sun- fact that the women of thenation should journey across the great desert to the final shine, place the bed out in the room shaded receive some public recognition. in , If-th- e - . the-jna- " . . it-i- n in-th- e-, 