WOMAN'S EXPONENT.! 90 gmagtTand English literature. After returning to the Orient he wrote a.great deal for magazines, but though this work held a strong 'fascination for him, his remarkable versatility early marked him as a poet, and vu r a an educator and a also showed hi philosopher :i well as a journalist. Tagore's earlsoetry shows marked ro- manticism, proh!dlycau setl by thedntluencc of the KnglihY romanticists, By run and Shelley. This Sensualism became so great in 'some cae that .several of hi. early works were discountenanced by the more conservative Bengali. We are told, and this is .probably one of the causes for his extreme romanticism, that he returned from Europe distinctly Epicurean; that he lived, for a time, sumptuously, in the proverbial Oriental magnificence, until the awakening of hi riper, greater powers revoked the sensualist and called forth the higher spirit-nalis- "AVhere the world has not been, broken up into fragments by narrow domestic walls; words come out from the depth of "'hee "Where tireless striving stretches its arms tgwani perfection; of reason has not "Where the clear stri-iisand of dead the t desert !.. its way into dreary ' Wlu-r- e .. - the mind is led forward by thee into crwidening thought and action "Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let " fiiv rotmtrv awake c. w. c. e A SKETCH. pi- - .The. following article was read by the author before the 'Utah Woman's Press Club. Tan. 7, and by unanimous resolution of the members present, its publication was requested in this issue of the Kxpontnt.) un-H- high-mindednes- Kt s, - ' -- . literature: ". .., The onrolling flood of the love eternal Hath .'at, last found "its perfect fifl.al course. AH thejoys and sorrows and longings of the ' heart, All the memories of the moments of ecstasy, All the love lyrics of poets of all climes and times vHave come, from thee every wherej And gathered in one single love at thyleet." . -v ' .', .; "Where the-mi- nd ""head is held high: . is without fear and the "WHirc knowledge ts free; ; : The maples on the mountain sides are turning golden, the great Artist of the seasons is arrayiiflpin a carnival of colors the landscapes for their autumn holidays, before, they shall be clothed in their winter robes of snow. And this calls to mind the maples of far d coast' of away on the rugged, the Atlantic, where lie. the New England States, where Prophet and Patriarch, alo many of the first born of the Gospel of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, were born and baptized into His Church. There, on February 2th. 182S. at Peters-haWorcester County. Massachusetts, was born Emmeline P. Wells, the subject of this sketch, amid the grandeur of ocean and mountain scenes, amid the environments of patriotism, religious influences, cultured associations, hereditary endowments and highest ideals of home and womanhood. With her spiritual eyes fixed upon the of her progenitors, and the awakening of new ideals possible in the near future, grew to maidenhood this gleaner of sheaves of knowledge, which should become her principal and bear interest of intellectual riches and influence in the years to come ; also a queenly place and power in the kingdom yet to be : that kingdom yet a dream of the future to all earth's wisest scholars and worshippers ; a hope and dream, to all the world, save to the youthful Prophet Joseph Smith. It was in July, 1859, that I first met Sister Emmeline p,. 'Wells, at the old Wells House where the Templeton now stands. At I had no idea that the introduction meant a future acquaintance and association; it seemed merely a social formality, for in the days when I was a young lady, such as I, were supposed to profit by listening to the conversations of their elders. However, having been acquainted with a mutual friend, Mrs. Ellen McGaryT first in San Bernardino, California, and" later in Beaver, Utah, who had often spoken of her old friend EmmelineV her; personality, and abilities, I felt somewhat acquainted, even at the respectful distance I occupied. So several years passed by and although I became better acquainted with, some of "the daughters of General D. H. Wells, and theirmothers, it was not until Sister Emmeline B. Wells was called to occupy the editorial chair of t the Woman's Exponent that Iwas drawn nearer t her through my labors as secretary of the Y. L. M. I. A., ' ocean-voice- m, ex-empl- ers that-tim- e semi-monthl- m, y, sional contribution to the Woman's c. lv- - NKNT. n h.il.it; Relief Society, and the ings in the Fourteenth Ward, and an troth; t. TagoreV poetry, unlike the works of other ( JriYntal philosophers in his conception of the Deity and Eternal love, is still more the works of any European or American poet. The lyric beauty and utter individuality of some of his lines reminds one somewhat of our own Walt Whitman. But such grace and such majesty, we find more suggestive of the works of Dante and Milton. It may be remarked here, that judging from the sketches and paintings of Tagore, his face bears no little resemblance to that of the great Italian master, Dante. He is a born poet; a study of his lines re; veals deep, meditative serenity. His words are delicate and expressive witfra charming abundance of suggestiveness. His deep patriotism is shown in these lines: "To thee, my motherland, I dedicate my body, for thee I consecrate my life,- for thee my eyes will weep, and in thy praise my music will sing.., "Though my arms are helpless and powerless, still they will do the deeds tliat can only serve thy cause ; and though my sword is rusty with disgrace, still it shall sever thy chaiiis of bondage sweet mother of mine." The MacMillan company has recently published the works of Rabindra Nath Tagore, These include "Gitanjali" (Song Offerings ), a collection of prose translations made by the author from the original Bengali f "The Gardener" (Poems of Youth); ".The Crescent Moon" (Child Poems) ; and "Sadhana: The Realization of Life," a volume of essays. In the... following selections from the Gitanjali we note a Psalm-lik- e dignity, a rich majesty suggestive of that other Oriental poet, Omar Khayyam, a hint that these works may be the key1 that shall unlock untold treasures of unwritten Oriental . - . From the beginning of our acquaint.. after it became such) I hac felt a pa; ular special attraction in her personalis lace and figure (I've never seen a pi: graph or a painted portrait that did he: tied, her type of mind, practical vcrvtti! her fund of information and her with the Church; "but all of these no: pressing certain qualities which make woman, I mean as she is to me person.;. I can sum it up best thus: It's the . JinglnnJ'of it. You may study and tin., stand it. if you are New England born , hi-- r as : in Huston ). No matter where you were born, reader, you know that the spirit of v-- , native land still claims its kinship with wherever oNc you may hereafter dwell, I w ! what cause you niay espouse; and thou. the Gospel makes of us all strangers hen-fore, one family of one Father. When heard of the accession of Emme line 1. Wells to the presidency of the Re!:Society of the Church of Jesus Christ .f Latter-da- y Saints, throughout the world, said That is as it should be. There is one else so :i'ell qualified to fill that position. Sister Wells has been with the Relief Society- as member and later as secrctan you might say historian) through iu, upward growth till she knows every branch of its genealogical tree, and all the fruits it has borne she could give you the figures. Was she not beside "Aunt Eliza." "Aunt Ziua." and "Sister Pathsheba." ever ready with her invaluable aid ? Did they not kn her thoroughly, her reliability ami accuracy in even- detail? Mer promptness to serve and rejoice in' serving? And did they not love her?. Did she not share the exodus with them and bury her dead as they did. outside their beloved Nauvoo, and traverse with them that memorable march from civilization to the shores of the Dead Sea of America? Fitting it is, that Emmeline H. Wells should unveil the Sea Gull Monument, for she was here when they, birds, halted the impending famine. Has she not, through the Woman's Exponent, given voice to her sisters and kept record of their prdgress? ! 1 - i : : - ( ; - t Though her ideal in journalism would have been a magazine of high character, she has faithfully labored with the lesser publication because it was needed, and the "sis-..- . ters' " resources were limited to this at the present. Some of America's great men have bee: compared to the "mighty oak," "the tower ing pine," etc. Because Emmeline B. Wells was New England born, and because she wras born m Massachusetts, where, in the days of he girlhood, trje sugar maple was perhaps more importance than any other tree (t the mothers) , in my own heart I select tb sugarnapie as her emblem. Is it not ap- " -- . propriate? Did it not give thesweetening that .was needed to the Puritan housewives?.'.- And i? was not passed under "government inspection to prove its purity ; and who cared the i Avhat other countries made sugar, or if th made it cheaper and wanted to send it herf -- 