OMAN'S EXPONENT. The Onan of the SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JlAXIWKY, 41. 1 o tltfc Relief Society v ., i i oI i ). v. h" .NOI'CI tviuucr M . sketch K. iCbccca 'lary h. LeiKhtner . . rlicf Society Renorts: Ux ' Davenport, Acre 90, Ladies' Chd K'ldVr !! I" I ,tli.il T? IV. ... Addrcs-- ". Russell 95 95 e " Viit to An nnvv SiaU na ...... ... 92 92 Sarah K. Humanity vs. Millinery In Sickness .Votes About Women 92 N'otes and News Q() IN.etry: if I 94 Ringen on the we learn 89 95 woni.m"s t nrauiatu 4 , it ! i 1 and we belii bv dom IT ! ! -t , I c tii.it vour past experiences have ;iveu ou stic'i... .i knowledge of the work tuat vmi air now better qualified than ever before to attain to excellence in all that pertains to our -- real Then- experiences quality calling. vou for improvement, in the greater under taking that now loom np before the society. These are of such value and magnitude that we cannot afford to let litem pa-Rich opportunities- arc offered for us to put forth our best efforts; we are encouraged to strive for the advancement of all that is noblest and best, and should exert the utmost diligence in the wide field of spir itual culture, thus moJin sure ot the satis- ';,.,. ' fJ facti...! that cimu-- from ,i,inistVri.,S to those J pertain to our work in charity, benevolence. in need of kindlv deeds and the sweet char and upnthtne-- . m our own lives, m itv that never faileth. The Savior is our puritv that we may worthily seek out the Pattern and Guide; and if we follow His order and unfortunate and stand firm fail to needy cannot we and teaching example as the "Rock of A.es" for the truths meet with His favor and approbation. have embraced setting an example in The education our sisters receive in the we of which we "Relief Society is valuable beyond price. It all things great and .small,' never need be ashamed. colembraces manv things not taught in And now. beloved sisters, in closing, accept we speak when leges. We know whereof back-ithis expression of our love and commendaeven Relief the Society, that we assert tion for the great and good work you have adthe had we before many the past long not only in the past year, but accomplished, source a was at have we present, asvantages in all the years vou .have labored. Rest those to benefit and education of higlier sured that von will in no wise lose your rcthe and in service its in faithful "who were ward. May our leather in Heaven bless vou it. with connected duties and obligations and vours.' and prosper your endeavors in their within other all agencies than any or undertake in the interest of whatever you to its has given Relief Society reach. The and the enlightenment and benethe society, a true and honor of sense members a loftv to the fit of those with whom you labor, duties of the pertaining conception "Cast your bread upon the vaters, and activities of life and its value alk in such comit will return after many days." sweet simplicity, that every one could of our religion, Faithfully yours. prehend, through the spirit we .maintain that F.MMEUNK 1. Wells, pure and undented. And no school of philosophy could hrtve taught Williams, Clarissa the science our has society, successfully as Julina I. .Smith. and good, fellowship to of true charity women of different nations and different a have created the could of temperaments, soTHE NOBEL PRIZE WINNER. love and union that have existed in the of which our 1913 Nobel Prize for literature, for ciety throughout the Church The most a sisters jn this organization are for thr .was awarded to Rabmdra Nath T?gprc The rflan tha.S honored rfof. poet. Bengali, famous both for We truk our sisters will not think we in fan,ily," notaWe Tiengal 4 no We have dulge in a sirit of boasting.been acmiainted wealth and intellectual attainments. first few years of such thought. But haying in I860, Tagore's Born and and in the at Catcutta with the movement for many years, were spent childhood -with and labored of the .Himalayas. At seventeen having personally known tnesses va j all the former0 leaders. who championed to England, where he thorough-lsent was lanits begin, from very, with the English himself Relief Society work acquainted 'feel' impressed by the dignity o4 ning, we - Oh life is worth the livinp. from the cradle to the pravc, With all its lifiht and shadow, if the spirit is but brave; For the mystic web i weaveth. touched by memory's mapic spell. Are pictures in soul chambers where the spirit loves to dwell. Oh life is worth' the living, for the sunshine and the dew, The diamond dew that sparkles, like a sweet thought pure and true, For the little warbling songbirds the tree tops soaring high, .For the music of the breezes so softly passing by. for the little Oh life is worth the living, ' . baby's smile, It's loving touch and prattle, the lingering . hours beguile; , lite s of time, and youth warmth, For the glow mystic fairy-lan- d For the pearls and gems that sparkle along its golden strand. Oh life is worth the living, for fond parental . u in the T re-ti-r- ed el LIFE IS WORTH THE LIVING. h 1 s. - I , t , il,-,- t - fl s . t ' love, our dear in Type of that higher parenthood, home above, a For the silver threads of friendship twining cable strong s unFor the touch of sweet humanity, in' life numbered ihrong. God live-Oh life is worth the living, to know on. high, v can neve. That the spirit is immortal, and never die, bun To know that His great kingdom, is uoon me the tempests To- stand against .the, wildest, , - fiercest 1 1 qf Rhine.... I tir-- iii'iH' 'inivii. a i wouio i! Kc to awaKeu .1. it v. lij are indiih n inii'icance as a njlo ral advancement. of spji iiu.if a",'! ch' achie.ve-.reaeliv- d s the years roll ,.n. still 'iV.iter bv th.'-- e who shall !!'C!ls Will V( be identified a- - members with this society. We feel perfectly - ire that this will come . Us The ;hMi!;i';vf didarity ts t'Cpa--the iiarmonv that h is existed and l"es ex between its members in w hatev'er 'and ihev jiiav bi'.or whence they may have come. lie maievial growth and enteipri-- e manifested during the pat ear seem in our estimation to have surpassed the hoini of any year in our history. I'm we must not be made, we must content with the pn-r- e strive for more. We imi-- t each of us seek" lor au increase of faith in our Heavenly that has been Father, and in the Go-pin this day and ae. We must be careful of our example in all that pertains and to our conduct and to our c nvci'-atiook to the malives. We must not only tt rial welMieinij of our own households, lut must see to it that in the manners and customs of our homes ami families we may be There is examples worthy of imitation. much to look forward to in the coming year. d' the ltili calling Ti. ver lose sLdit t. to which we haebeen . dioseu. and set apart. -- ; 94 Lydia I). Alder he -- kindred. We are keenlv sensible f and grateful and diligence in the for your faitlifulne years that are past. 'tit we alsn know that 92 is Worth the Livintr Sarah E. Russell (Hone) Sis!t'.: ecms an appropriate time, as it certainly is a pleasant duty. t uih voit a happy and prosperous ear, coupled with the hope that you, with us. will try lo make it the very lest year that h:i ever tt transpired for the Relief Society, as well as for ourselves, our families .md our Year. )S .. cd As we arc now just entering the New 91 Madame Iditorial: 'resident'Smith ln'h: w Honored th ( oj StandrinK' Madame Bernhardt ' No. 13. 191 ; TO THE RELIEF SOCIETY. CONTENTS. : Saints? Wummt's Utlht Sorirttf. Lnttvi'-ibu- j shock-- the wreck! Oh life is worth ihe living, for along the shore. ana Where the! wild waves dash upon them, . the ships return no more; the Heaven For they are safely anchored, in 'AYherf the. wicked cease from troubling, and the Wear" are at rest. Russell (Hope). Sarah E. - . , m thy Take joy home, and make a place and give her time to great heart for her, .Then will she come, krow. and cherish her; when thou art work and oft will sing to thee or weeding. in ring in the furrows; aye, r hour of dwn.; is It 'is a comely fashion to be glad; joy God.-I- ean Ingelow. he grace we say to th-sacr- ed n - 