WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 92 3? Woman's Exponent EMM ELI NE li. and Publisher WELLS,-Edito- ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. . - 1 by reduction made for c lul. City pap.T cu. ue for extra 2j mail, l Advertising ratra: L'ach aquare, tru line of A liberal f'J.OO. one time 2.50; pr month, f.M-discount to regular advertisers. ? KxfuNtNT office rooms JH and 2'J, 2nd tl"r HUhop's liuildln?, 4'J North Main Mrtet, liusiutsa hours from 10 a., m. to 5 p. m.,. every day, except Sunday. Addrens all business communications to Mrs. 11. I. WELLS, S'o po-aa- non-parle- n Silt Lake City, rn. I Entered at the I'ott Dffice in Salt 4i gteonJ rLtiM matter. Iik Salt Lakk Ciry, Utah, January, PRESIDENT ! -- f Pullman cars, as we today may go, but" in all kinds of vehicles and every kind of weather, organizing branches of the Relief Society, and teaching words of truth ami vidoi,u to the women of Zion. The women of the Relief Society should sometimes recall the names and works 'of those great women of the past to whom so .ot " much is due. SMITH'S VISIT TO ll ARI-ZON- A. y, . J ELIZA R. SNOW. On the 21st of the current month occurs the 110th anniversary of the birth of and honored woman, Eliza Roxy Snow Smith., She was a peer among women, and as a leader of the women of Zioiv may her name be ever remclnbered. Like Miriam of old she cheered the wandering children of God with songs along the dreary journeying way and lent aid', comd and fort and counsel to the the weary. With great fortitude and mastery of self she forsook" bright prospects of literary and social attainments, an d cast " her lot with a pcupic jjciavxuicu juceaue; ot iiieir iaiui. Yet in the hearts of that people she found a place of refuge. Her hymns sung in the con- that-grea- -- faint-hearte- . t co-labor- ', V. It is the regret of her many friends in r uvv.ii vin iiiu hivt i v jv.ju i tiiv from her in the latter years of her life and they could not be near her inv the hour her departure. To them she will be of hallowed memory. The last poem written by Miss Rum!I (Hope) for the Exjonent was descriptive ot tnc condition ot tne Mexican reiuget nmi mrKr T,nht tir hnwrvrr nne of her n05t jnspjrc0; pocms wc think is the one 1 . . -- . 1 ! . w 1 1 t.n r n-- nt muni-m- which wc rcprint from an earIy. papcr ourn. ikc ;t is tQ hcTf whom wc now H) r ' HUMANITY VS. MILLINERY. To "my lady" who decks her hat in gay plumage, the following interesting paper on . , the above subject, given by Miss Linda Jessup of this city at a recent gathering of fashionable women, will be somewhat in fact, the subject will doubtless b of interest and information to all women, for while Miss Jessup handles the matter of birds and their plumage for adornment, in a somewhat humorous vein, yet she does not fail to show the seriousness of the matter a"? well. It is to be hoped that the women who dere moderation in all things and can wield an influence for good among their kind, will heed the lesson taught by the perusal of this article and use it for humanity's sake: "We have admired .d'then copied our distant cousins, living closer to nature than we, who with the daring of the simple life appeared at the great ceremonials clad in nature's true garments, their birthdav clothes, but topped always by a magnificent headdress. Not to be outclassed we have trim wares, ihat-eng.us mings, a Zulu top feather, a Navajo war linnet, or Black Hawk feather piece. "If bysome great act of misfortune, one of our number found herself alone on Bird island, foodless, clotheless, bonnetless, even as the Indian woman Of early tradition . whom the histories tell us was. found on one of the Santa Barbara channel islands after a desertion of twenty years, her modern sister's ability to fashion a garment from , ! - ( j j , Gray, Samue'l Russell and Ann Jam low ley. I - of-Tor- 1 j s, - 1 I I er service-worker- .... I j" " The harvest of the- - Great Reaper this past year o'ertlows with names of the great and worthy. With sighs and tears we scan the long roll, noting here and there a friend in the great work of the and kingdom of God. It'may be in different lines, some as educators, some ministers, others writers some social andpoets and among the last, we read the name of Sarah E. Russell known to the many readers of the Exponent as "Hope." Her beautiful poems "have graced the pages of this paper for many years and like the soul of the author, breathe simplicity, humility, love, forbearance, charity and faith. The many friend of Mis- Russell were shocked to learn of her demise which oc- curred Sunday the 28th of December, at 3 o clock in Tucson, Arizona. One thine which makes the death seem particularly sad. is the fact that in all probability, Miss Russell was one of the victims of the Mexi- can exodus. She, with her family were very reluctant to leave their hpmes in Mex ico and nothwhhstanding the many and urgent requests from friends and relatives in. Utah to give up their Mexican holdings and come back they positively refused to leave until forced to do. so by the Mexican outrages, only then going into Arizona with full purpose of returning when conditions became more settled. Sarah E. Russell was the daughter of Isaac and Mary Walton Russell, and was born at Far West, Missouri, Ait. 12, 1840. The family of Isaac Russell, with those of John Taylor and Joseph Fielding, were con verted to the Church by Parley P. Pratt, in the spring of 1836. John Taylor met Parley P. Pratt at the home of Isabella Russell Walton a sister of Isaac R. Russell, in Toronto, and later, Mrs- - Walton took-Eld- er Pratt to her brother Isaac, who resided on his farm at. Gharletton's settlement, now Downsview,- a few miles northwest onto. Isaac Russell and Joseph Fielding owned adjoining farms in this village. They Ttoth joined the Church under the ministry of Elder Pratt and were among the first missionaries to, Great Britain. in. the folldw-in- g year. 1837, when the British mission was opened at Preston, where Joseph Fielding had relatives. The first public sermon in England was preached at the Cockpit at Preston in July on the first Sunday after the arrival of the elders in Great Britain. The first baptisms were performed in', the river Ribble at Preston. Many converts were made, and the" Church, was established in : the British Isles. I ; SARAH E. RUSSELL. 10 . j -- iue . j City, t .uA The recent visit of President Smith and party to the stakes in Arizona was a most delightful occasion to the people of that part of ion. One purpose of the visit was the dedication of the twin chapels at Mesa, but many other matters of interest were attended to. There are many of the Saints who were forced to leave their homes in Mexico among the people visited and to them the wise counsel and comforting words of their loved leader was much appreciated. A most touching and beautiful incident of the trip was v. hen seventy-fiv- e children passed in line and each one presented the President with a rose one for each year of his life one little girl saying,, "for our dear Prophet, because we love you." Accompanying President Smith were Mrs. Smith and two of the President's daughters, President Anthon H. Lund, Presiding Bishop C. W. Nibley and Mrs. Nib-leand Elder George A. Smith of the Council of the Twelve. Later the party was joined by President Francis M. Lyman and Elder Joseph F. Smith, Jr., of thv Council of the Twelve, and Superintendent Horace Cummings of the Church schools. The visit of the Church" authorities was a rare treat to the Saints in Arizona and one long to be remembered. The assemblies both at stake conferences and schools were iso large that many could not. gain entrance That much good will accrue from '. this visit is certain. . 1 j - l'ublishfd inouthl.Jn Salt Lake City. Utah. Terms: ne copy one year, f JHi ; out- copy six months, 50 cts. . Isaac Russell's family resided at Kirt; during his 'absence and uportThis retr. joined the Saints at Far West, whcre.Sai E. Russell was born. The. father died Richmond. Missouri', in 1884, at the age ,V, leaving his widow, Mary Walton I he family rtmnii; mx young children. ' l Q ...I..... it. ... c.i'. .i,1 ai ixiiiuijijiiw iiiuii wuiii uiey iwi, t in. "tah and settled the Fifteenth waul t to Salt Lake City, where Sarah E. Rtu formed many,' dear and lasting friciuUhi: In 1.S82, Miss. Russell accompanied i, younger sister, Isabella M. Johnson. Mesa, Arizona, and thence to .'Mexico. were residing in the valley of Cliuichn; when the present revolution in Mexico co:. polled them to abandon their homes, and t!. came as refugees into Arizona, Cherc th have since resided. Sarah E. Russell .is survived by i; youngest sister Isabelle M. Johnson, wi, was with her at the hour of her death am had been her inseparable companion in life and by the children of her deceased broth gtegations of the Saints have immortalized hernime among the younger generations, till we:do not forget that her greatest work ua 'achieved, not so much through tlic ex- ercue- of her loved gift as in the broader field of organization.' From north to south, from ea-- t to west, she traveled; not in the ulf of-Pocoh- ontas 