A- - , iou Woman's Exponent . EMMELlSE B. WELLS, Editor ami Publisher AXME WELLS CASSOX. Atsistant Editor. 1'ubliahtd monthly in Salt Uke City, Utah. Term: une copy one year, fl.OO; one copy nix months, 50 eta. No riiK,lion mule for club. City p.M'd'livercd by uiail, extra for postage no year, -5 i liiu-- of Kath square, "Advertising rt-- : month, 3.l0. A llUntl pac one time advertisers. to tiUcoutU rt'k'ular KxiuNENTol!ice rooms --'8 and 2'J, 2nd tl'or Hishop s '- U-- u l-'.- W; non-parie- pr , 40 North" .Main "Strt-tt- , to 5 p. m., uvr ry Huiidiug, ly a. m. AUdrvss ail bujii- - hours from busiuc ilayxcrpl feuuday. communications to Mr. K. It. t'lTV, terial for your. leistireOmoments, and may God bless you all. . , NOTICE! The publication of the Woman's ceases with this issue. Any one having any claim against or being indebted 'to the" paper, will kindly settle the matter as u ill as possible; either by calling on Mrs. Knimeline 15. Wells at room 28 Bishop's Building, or "bv writing her at that address or to .Mrs. Annie Wells Cannon, 1320 South 'Mi West Street, Salt City. -- , TAH. ; c. . i ake L twice in Matthew, twice in. Psalms fivtimes in Proverbs"; once in Zecharias, tlm times in Matthew, once in Mark, twice Corinthians, once in Galatians, twice in IV er, and once in John. Surely an often- which calls forth so much of warning tr; thtf prophets is in itself an heinous da- Let thoie beware who commit it, for ti' harm will fall again upon their own head "Who steals my purse steals trash, but h who filches from me my good name Urlv. that which not enriches him and makes n, pour indeed." The thief, the liar, the eriw, inal can be hunted out and brought to ... i...f t.i juuiiMiimiii , mil iui imc MUUUUl ueaitT i, false witness who achieves his own ag grandizment, by his neighbor's injury, tell the penalty that awaits! Woe t him! for to his inner conscience some da i I-- Wl:U,S, ALT LAkE WOMAN'S. EXPONENT. wh-ca- a Knit re J at tlu Votl (tffut'ni Suit Lakt City. fcond clan mutUr. ( PRESIDENT PENROSE. -- 4th of February, President Charles mile W. Penrose attained the eighty-secon- d stone in his life a life so full of service that time has made little if any tnark on his genial countenance nor dimmed his youthful spirit. Industry and faith have seemed to be his investemcnts and they have produced great dividends, ne love and admiration of thousands of friends and who could ask for greater wealth! On Wednesday evening, the night of President Penrose's birthday, there gathered in the large assembly room of the .Bishop's building about five hundred of his friends to pay him homage. The entertainment was under the direction of the Genealogical Society and was a most pleasing affair. The "program was rendered by members of President Penrose's family who showed marked talent along- literary and musical lines. All the songs and poems jvere the composition of the guest of honor. A most interesting feature was a biographical sketch prepared and read by Mrs. Jessie Penrose Jonesthe oldest daughter, in which all the important events in President Penrose's life were mentioned the fact being brought forth that he read the scriptures at the age of four and has been a student of sacred history ever since. The litTerent numbers on the program were announced by E. C. Penrose, one of the sons, who told when and in under what circumstances the- different hymns were valuable historiwritten, thus giving some ' Q)n the Salt Laki; Omr, Utah, HEARTFELT FAKE WELL. The Woman's Exponent is now Hearing d its birthday, having been iir&l issued on the iirt of June, The aiimoit the paper has always been to assist those who needed assistance in any or every line. That it has been the medium through wluch many successful and admired writers of the state have first appeared in print is a well known fact. The paper has always stood for high ideals, both in the home, in the state, and in the Church; desiring above all things the welfare of the people at large. For women, it has been a standard bearer, proclaiming their worth and just claims throughout the long years of its existence. As a teacher to the Latter-da- y Saints, it has performed a good work and its influence has been also we leei tnat .Je.lt in tlic missionary held, with justice to ourselves we can make this claim and more if we so choose; and now that this issue is to be the last, we cherish in our hearts the thought that those who have been our faithful patrons, will, always feel that our efforts to give them some good thoughts, inspiring "and comforting words, have been unselfish and heartfelt. We love the readers of this paper as a part of ourselves; we love women and would ever strive to uplift and help them to attain their Saints and ideals; we love the Latter-da- y we love the Relief Society that great organization which this little iaper has ever sought to represent and build up ; and may our Heavenly Father ever have in His gracious care, the women, whose lite service is the regeneration of mankind. The ICxnonent hns striven more rhnn nnvthincr else to be the organ of the Relief Society and has published from time to time, reports of ward, stake and general .conferences 'of that organization, their celebrations and their resolutions. Its numbers contain sketches of the lives of Relief Society workers and notices of their deaths. It has surely performed a, mission m the. midst of Zion for the women of Zion, holding as it does within its leaves the history of their work. To lay aside the editorial" pen, even after so many long years, seems a hard task, but though the pen may be idle, the mind will ever gratefully remember all the' associations which this little paper-habeen in instrumental creating, lay you, contribin utors continue your chosen calling; may you rcaderscver find good and worthy" ma iorty-sccon- IS. s II ill V. Ill Vi V. I llltlll a(.in "JllUK Ullll ft I V has caused. 11' The law of compensation is "natural law, and divine; and the piercing thorns will return and prick tit conscience oi the lalsiher will encircle Ins brow unti ; .. ..- .!. i. n s mi WIIIUI Il iii.il iiilil ...t show, and which he has small reason to expect. A. W. C. : .riui. did not in in v. i ; EARLY LITERARY WOMEN OF UTAH. nat-urall- y - 1 - cal information- i - President Joseph F. Smith and President Anthon IT. Lund each made affectionate and felicitous remarks, after which the guest of the occasion expressed his application and spoke in his usual happy manner. Refreshments were served by the ladies of the Genealogical Society and ah informal reception followed the program. President Penrose was showered with ilowers and congratulations' from his numerous friends. The occasion was in every respect pleasing, and the Exponent joins .with his many friends in kindest wishes for President Penrose and in tbc hope that his useful life may be. continued for many, many years. "THOU SHALT NOT BEAR FALSE V WITNESS." , , The hardships of pioneer life are not generally very conducive to the cultivation of the finer qualities of the mind and soul. The making of new homes and conquering desert wastes naturally calls forth all one's energy, and the tired work-wor- n bodv would rejuire all the faculties of the mind to assist in providing life's necessities. For many years after the settlement of these valleys, there was a dearth of literary work, and it is not hard to find the names of thus few who found solace and comfort in the use of the pen. "The pioneers of Utah are a very different type of people," to those who generally seek new homes in unclaimed territory. They were, as is well known, a people of strong religious sentiment and innate refinement. ' There were many men and women among them of high intellectual attainment. The pioneers brought with them ...uu r nviv.T.i tlT, nln'.n;uuin a1 fuming j.ucs:s, auu Wlllllll three years after their advent into the desert, established a newspaper The Deseret News and founded a university. In the early columns of this paper and the Millennial Star, printed inXiverpool, England, may be found an occasional poem or article by Eliza K. Snow, Emmeline B. Wells, Hannah T. King, and Sarah E. Carmichael. There was established as early as i54, a literary so-- j ciety known as the Philosopliical Society, "a gathering for social, literary, and general cultivation of mind and manners." This so-- ; ciety was founded by LorenzcrSnow and the meetings were held in his home, a handsome residence for those days on the corner of South Temple and Third East streets, 'known to most of this generation, as the Clawson residence. . JPoems and prose articles prepared for this society often found their way to the columns of The Deserej Nezus, and thus was given an incentive for the cultivation of- literary-talent- . , ' 1 - - In the decalogue there is, perhaps,, no c i: it. . .i uoiuiiuiiiu muie t.: winning man tne ioresroms' no one more loosely carried or more often broken. - Binding, because throughout the scriptures it is repeated oft and oft again; twice in Exodus, once in ' Deuteronomy, - ; ' , Eliza. R. Snow ranks as our first literary woman. We know-thaas a girl she was the author of a prize story published in Gody's Ladies Magazine, and was also re-- " quested by a committee to write a requiem t t 