woman's exponent: 102 be a tragic t seemed to receive an answer to her petition mg. the present war, seems to ull of hope and faith. in, verse, which, on the inspiration of, the fate for one so felen Mar Whitney, m.ther of our gifted li'frv tW of her last .'historian. Orson E. Whitney, pos-- : Rehymns is- the one called "The Day of sfvsni marked 'literary ability, and pudemption." . This hymn was written during tluse dark, days in Utah known as the "un- blished many strong articles anil letters, ' doctrinal subjects, derground days." Ju-- t before going away mostly on Marv J: Toiler. Martha J. Cor'ay and Lu-- i from the midst of the people, our honored cinda Lee Dalton have all written some fine and revered president, John Taylor, preachto the essays and poems, thus contributing ed a very powerful sermon in the Taberfield of literature. nacle, I beheve it was his last pubjic. serthe Another writer of beautiful verse is Miss mon to the people, and La-- : Saints, he said to them, words to this effect Miller, known to the public as "Ruby "No mattej'wwhat happens, remember 'J he mont," never having consented to the use of ' i,oid (iod Omnipotent reigneth." These are her own name. the words Mrs. Woodmansec took for her Lvdia IX Wider, Ellis' R. Shipp, and ends of the hymn theme, and each vcre Lilli'e T. Freeze have all long been engaging God Omnipowith'that phrase- 'The Lord in literary work, and are still among the tent reignelh' writers. Mrs. Alder has published a book, bed oi life was no Mrs. Voodiuancc the History of the Holy Land, and Mrs. hardand r.es. She had many struggle has' issued an artistic volume of Ship) a time 'she ships early and' late, though for poetry called "Life Lines." . biiiue-and in wa- - quite prosperous Mrs. Susa Young Gates began her lit-- I eemed to be acquiring more ea-- e lor her work quite early, and still continues. later years. Financial difficulties appeared erary She' was the founder "of the magazine, the again, still she was always hopefu', cheer-- t Young Woman's Journal, and for many and industrious. Mrs. Woodmansee ii years its editor. Her work consists largely vwis'une of those undaunted spirits which her inter- -j of short stories. In the issue-o-f feared nothing in the cause of truth provesting book. "John Stevens' Courtship," she ing this .statement beyond a doubt when claims the distinction of having written and tell vou she was one of that memorable published the first work of fiction by a Utah company who pulled or pn.shcd a handcart woman. froniio,wa to Utah, walking every step tor Mrs. Mary A. Freeze wrote some inter-- " 1,( XX) 'miles. Louisa Lulu .Greene Richard-- , beloved tstmg articles and poetry, and we must not forget our sweet writer, Ruth May Fox. among the 'people for her children's tories and poems, was the first editor of the whose poetry is most tender and musical, Woman's Exponent, then a voumr woman Among the later writers whose work is Green just beginning her nieiary work. Airs. widclv recognized, Mrs. Annie Pike Richards has written a great deal for the wood claims a prominent place. Her poems r having been published in The Century public, and published one volume of poems called "Branches that Hang Over the Wall," magazines. Utah very proudly claims surely a most poetic name. She conducted l.er. Also Miss Josephine Spencer, whose for many years the department; for little stories and poems have found a place in I' he Youth's Companion and .S7. Nicholas folks in the Juvenile Instructor, and has been a frequent contributor to the Children s magazine. Miss Spencer's best work has been probably somewhat retarded by the I' riend, these two periodicals being the organs of tlie L. D. S. Sunday Schools and constant grind of newspaper work. There are a host of women writers now 'Primary Association. She has also contributed to the hymn book and to the Sunof splendid literary ability whose names beautiful Book. The hymn deserve mention in this article, though it day School Song called "One Hundred Years" was the prize is called "Early Women Writers." because hymn written for tlie one hundredth annithey are contributing to the field of home of the Prophet Joseph literary work and giving encouragement to versary of the birth Smith. The Sunday School Union offered others as well as interesting many thousands three prizes for the three best yoems to be of readers Mrs. Kclsey who has won the set to music, the theme to be connected prize poem in the Christmas AVs more Richards ,vith the Prophet Joseph, and. Mrs. than once, as has also Mrs. Bertha Andervon all three of the prizes. son Klcinmann who published a beautiful of is another Indian story in verse. May Booth Tahnage, Augusta Joyce Crocheron contributeDtir early, women writers who has, Ann M. Cannon Connelly, who d-bpth of poetry and prose, and have edited the Young Woman s Journal !oife very valuable little book of biand contributed largely to the contents of ographies ralletl ''Representative Women of that little magazine; Edith E. Read, Maud Deseret," Her poetry is very touching and Baggarley, Grace Ingles Frost, Kate tender. Her life has been somewhat seared Thomas, Alice M. Home, Christine D. with sorrow' and misfortune, but she always Young, MrsGreenhalgh, Ada Patterson, has a hopeful and cheerful' word for her rc ( rrn pec mini' flrc in memorable friends. She was one of that whose names l tto not now recall. an vv.Iio utan readied oy company - Manv ..times during this narrative, men-tib- n the way from Boston to San .Bernardino in has been made of the little periodical the ..hi ship Brooklyn, around Cape Horn, and which iii this issue Woman's .was with the members of the Battalion in closes- its Exponent, careers The paper has been the California at the time of the discovery of medium through which, many of the Utah writers-r- st came" to public attention, both Miss Sarah E.-- ; Russell has written for and noetrv. both nrof under men and women, and has formed in its . vprirs j J j jj the medium through whicrf nearly all the nom de plume of Hope. She was surely one of Utah's gifted daughters, and . her those mentioned in this article have exwork isof a high Order, ihat she died an pressed their best thoughts. Annif Wrh; Cawom c:a!ef riventrom her home in Mexico dur : I 1 ! -, p-ei- xind j . j after-counseli- ng : j -- j I ! ' i 1 -- SOWING AND REAPING. Sow wiili a 'numerous 'Iianl or til the r of heart not through sumuicr, Wfiry Wi-arnot throngh the cokl spring r;;!,; Hut v. .o! till. the Auttunn comes of golden grain. t'ae flu-acN.itu-- tli- seed, and fear not; A table will be fpread; What matter if you are too weary bread!-STo eat your 'while the earth is broken, it the hungry must be fed. while the seeds arc lying S In the warm earth's brown deep, And your warm tears fall iipou it, They will stir in their quiet" sleep; And the green blades arise the quicker," , Perchance for the tears you weep. TIkii qnv; for the hours are fleeting, ( And the seed must fall today; And care not what hands shall reap it. ' )r it you shall have passed away 1'cinre the waung.corn fields Shall gladden the sunny day. - . Pause not for . pnin; : y ': s - r hard-earne- d w 1 -- . S'w; and look onward, upward, Where tlie starry light appears, -Wherc'in spite of the coward's doubtiuir. ( )r your own heart's trembling fears, Vou shall' re jp in joy the harvest .You' have sown today in tears. Adelaide A. Proctoi: j 1 j i and-othe- -- ' and-Mar- pub-JLsh- ed - - " i - ' - m-in- , ser-vi- ce v. - V. WJ . - CAPITAL CITIES IN COLONIAL DAYS In the first place there was really not one single city that could properly be called the capital, though the one that comes, nearest chiming- that distinction is Philadelphia, and she had to divide the honor with Xev. York. Surely we can not speak of cities without saying something of I'.ovton. Eor, as Governor Hutchinson in 1773: "For many years past the town of I'oston has been used to interest - tin-colonia- l itself in every affair of moment which concerned the Province in general." Certainly Host on sought to do all that it could to give form to the action of the colonists in other parts not only of Massachusetts but of all America. The story of the city of Bostor can not be told, therefore, without reference to several events that were going- on in other parts of the land. The story of Boston calls us to a study of our independence, to a contemplation, first, of a vigorous struggle by strong men and women for a century and a half, against a powerful monarchy ; and next to an examination of the iruits. of that conflict in the development of. a typical American civilization. Up to the year 1629 or 1630, England had done but little in the way of settling the newiands in the west, though she made great claims upon America, through the discoveries of Cabot. There-hadit is true, been considerable exploration under Elizabeth, but it was not until the reign of James I that anything creditable and enduring was actually accomplished. The 26th day of August, 1629, is an important date in the history of Boston. On that day the decision was taken that determined the .settlement of the town. Had.it not been for a conclusion then reached by a company of discreet gentlemen who met at Cambridge, England, the promontory called Shawmiut by the Indians, might have been peopled by quite a different class ot settlers from Those who. made it their first home in America. In speaking of these first settlers of Massachusetts, James Russe Lowell said: "There never was a colony, save this, that to seek gold, but God. An went forth,-n- , -- : ot " 