WOMAN'S EXPONENT. on the death of John Adams and Thomas Jefferson, which Occurred on the same day July 4, 1826 the' nation's birthday. These with some other literary effort's marked .... v t c i. .. . t i .i tri:. a oirow s )uuu womaiuicHHi aim lUe talent for writing and the taste for literary work was al way's predominant with 'her, though she is known as an expert needle woman," a neat and thrifty liousekcejKT, a teacher and prophetess anions her' people. 10! One poem of Miss CarmichatTs which was not included in the' volume, found its years later in the 'Woman's, Exponent." . Jt was inscribed to President Brigham Young and was written in tfte Howery, August 8, 1857. In her girlhood she was a great admirer of the President and his leadership, as were all the people, but later not associate herself with the Saints and found a circle of friends outside the faith. She married Dr. WilliamShe found her greatest delight in quirt solitude, penning songs for the Saints ur sing, son, a successful practicing pht ici;m. and not long'after her marriage she was or writing treatises containing words of admonition and encouragement. As a historian with a mental malady. Thus the promise she is also known, having published those of her youth for a brillant career in the literary world was not fulfilled. The poem, very interesting books, "The Palestine Tourists" and "The Life of Lorenzo Snow," her' "Dead Roses," was also not in the collection brother. Eliza R. Snow's poetry is pub- hut was printed in a dailvypaper at the lime of her death. lished in two volumes and varies in its nature. 'Her style is doctrinal and lofty rather Fmmeline J1.. Wells niav well be classed than musical and tender. Her great hymn among our early literary women, having called "The Invocation," better known, howwritten a great many stories and poems would immortalwhich she styles fragments, in her early days, ever, as "Oh my Father," Latter-daize, her name among the Saints, even whena little girl. Her first published had she written nothing else, but as poem,- however, is called "Friendship." and is .was printed in the Milltnnid! Star in ISM. "Awake my slumbering minstrel," probably more popular and musical. Kliza R. About 1853 she wrote an ode to Deseret in Snow has contributed twentv hvmns to the which the wind on the desert is beautifully' Latter-da- y Saint hymn book, most of them described. Neither of these early poem-- , as frequently sung in the congregations of the well as many later ones, are in her book called "Musings from Memory," the only Saints. Her prose writings, with the exception of the two books. mentioned, arc not collection so far of her .'writings. in collected form, but most of them are in In the hymn book we have four of her Ex-ro the Woman's of the different numbers songs, the best known of them, "Our Mounand tain Home So Dear." ller poetic nature is xk t, and contain many interesting R. was Snow instructive paragraphs. Eliza shown in almost all her writings, whether her born in 1804, in Massachusetts, and. prose or poetry, but probably her greatest nature, so full of integrity and spirituality, (K)etic achievement is one of her last poems was doubtless an heritage from her revoluwritten after she had attained the age of ' In her childhood, her 84 years, for the dedication of. the Maesei tionary ancestry. father moved his family to Ohio and it was "Memorial, at Provo, May 30, 1912. When there she and her father's family accepted one considers the lung life work and the the Gospel. She was a true Saint, as her advanced age of the author, to have written long life of vigorous spiritual teaching so beautiful a joem, of such length, is cerproves and bears out her own words when tainly quite wonderful. The late A. C. Nelshe sojjeautjfully writes: son, immediately after hearing it read, conthe author and said he considgratulated a be to now detenrnined Saint, "And am ered it a perfect epic, as did also Professors And numbered with he tried and faithful ones, Brimhall, Cummings, and others. The Whose race is measured with their life, whose joy Is everlasting and whose happiness poem is called an Ode. It contains nineteen Is God's approval. And to whom 'tis more verses. The style is lofty, reminiscent and Than meat and drink to do his righteousness." prophetic, as these few lines will testify. Perhaps the fire of poetic genius has "Could we. but catch the echoes of the past. burned in no woman's soul more frcelv than Reverberating through these flinty mounin the soul of Sarah E. Carmichael. Miss tain walls, in our fancy vividlynhcy're sjirging, Caruiichael came to Utah with her parents As shadows o'ti us would these' memories What when quite a child. She was born in New York. Even as a school girl she wrote What cast, scenes of pleasure could the heart beautiful verses. In fact, her most beautiful poems were written in her youngdays. glad, now minor chords of jiiusic singingA little volume of her writings was collected and published by some of her friends "Some who are old today, and once were It is now very for private distribution. young, rarely seen and is held most precious by Through patient, years have hoped the , day Would come those fortunate enough to own one. youth with flag unfurled Her poem, "The Stolen Sunbeam," which When Zion'sthe, challenge to the worh', was 'ilightJhtrg is the story of the discovery in these That here, sequestered vales his for The highest,' purest thought prevails' selected by William Cullen Bryant before our very eyes, us collection of American poetry,-thgiving When lo, our dream jwe realize. her a wider field of readers than most of our Today literary women attained in early days-- Her Mrs. Wells' literafy work has been conbeautiful poem, "Dead Roses," is most tenfined almost altogether to the columns of der and touching, anil breathes in its last the Woman's Exponent, the periodical lines this hopeful thought:which she has edited and published for the and within its pages are "I have dreamed, of a shore to the soundless past forty years, "" Death River, stories, editorials, histories, treatises, and' of the WbeTe4ovproves its moral of Never in Vain; verses," all showing the versatility the of crown the cross,' but the Wlre i'tisnot author. Mrs; Wells is an adept in the art river. as hundreds of men and And the dead roses gather their incense again."' of letter writing, i. r-u- place-som- . she-di- d M-ie- y . - . reca- ll-Now, of-gol- -- d, . " - - . - J women', thrOuglVt tlu land can testify, an art almost obsolete in this day of ''typewriters, telephones telegrams and wireless. Horn in New Engjaud and reared by a puritanic mother,. she also is of that 'strong . of .womanhood which faces ni' oppressing for a cause she feels to be just, and deems no sacrifice too great in the cause of righteousness. Her artistic, sensitive, rui,l ;omautic temperament, has made life's struggle, doubly hard, but she has valiantly fought the battle, nd, the Lord be praised, is with us vet to give us words of cncrnir-agemen- t and love. Mrs, Hannah T.'King contributed largely to I 'tab literature in some fine prose writings. She also read some poetic effusions before the Polvsoph iea! Society. She published two' small books in paper covers, which are much treasured them. One is a by the few w ho poss(-sCollection of-- verses called "Songs of the Heart. " and the other is a book of .essays called "Women of the Scriptures." Mrs. King was an English ladv of" fine education and accomplishments. She was in most dignified manner, and took quick oitiiisf at am remark or act m her ores- i ,i eme ,:ucn m anv degree navoreu oi rude-nes- s or Her later writings were, also confined to the columns of the Woman's Exponent, to which little paper she was a frequent contributor. Mrs. King was born in Cambridge. England, the home of thegreat university, ami she was reared among its classic shades and bowers. In her youth she published two books, one for girls and one for boys, called "The Toilet" and " The Kra" respectively. She was also a fine letter writer, and cherished a;nong lu r" many letters from noted people, one from the great author. Victor lingo. Hannah Cornaby is another gifted Eng-lis- h woman who joined the Latter-da- y Saints in her early girlhood. She was born in Rose Hall, an ancient mansion on the Jianks of the river Waverly, in Suffolk, England, ami was reared in the Episcopal church. In her one published book, called "Autobiography and Joeuis of Hannah Cornabv," she narrates in beautiful stvle her whole life, which is more interesting than fiction, for it abounds in inspiration and faith. Mrs. Cornaby was a member ami contributed to the IYlyophical Society, and at one time ar regular, contributor to the She was a modest, retiring Exponent. and The sweet to look upon. woman, mornwriter shall never forget a summer ing spent with Mrs;.' Cornaby m her wild and picturesque garden in the town of Spanish Fork. Here, in this garden, were written many of Mrs. Cornaby 's poems, and she loved it very dearly. She was a jlear sweet woman, and the following veTsTrTrom her pen is like her. tyjH. . , i - 4 i r 1 -- -- "I never, wished for wealth r fjnic .For I have understood How poor and valueless are these Compared with being good." Emjly Hill Woodmansee. still another of our English women given many splendid thoughts clothed in poetic phrase to the people, found place for her expressive thoughts through the Woman's s. She has Exponent and Dcscret. written twenty of our finest hymns, and her songs are sung- in many lands. Her themes are "mostly religious, and her style lofty. Whenever she was in doubt or fear, sufficiently to resort to divine guidance, she Avho-ha- - - s - 