the Mamreoff fatjuly: for centuries and cenUnited States will turies. Here on my conch lies a garment of the Constitution settled the and October 1633, 6, Philadelphia in the hearts of woven before America was a nation," and Germanfown, now a ward of the city. This always hold a she lifted for. inspection a superb garment aside from the paioval' But Americans. --the ' of four is because notable emigration of thread of V woven . gold. e trjotic side, Philadelphia ranks among irre emigrants, Gerhard Hendricks, Dirk Madame Mountford is .at present installGrxfF, Francis Daniel Pastorins and foremost cities. in every line" of progressive ing at the American University of Washing16SSV development, socially and educationally, Abraham Opden Gr.Tjy, on April-18said" to be one of the most comsent to the Friends meeting tile first public she has had few rivals. Incolonial days ton what is leader in scienplete and reniarkablc'Blblical miisewms uj protest ever made in America against the she was unquestionably the Adams wrote the world. J, The collcctio'n consists of hunholding of slaves; also, because,' in 1600, tific and social culture. John find so much dreds of magnificent handwoven garments, the first";papcr mill in America was erected his wife that he: was amazed to t. depth and breadth of knowledge, beneath many of which liavfc been handed down "the by William Kittinghuyscn, a Dutch centuries in Palestine, and ; all of wliich Here was made the' paper used by what to the New Englander seemed extravare authentic representations of the mode f William Bradford, the earliest printer in agance and frivolity in social life. As one of-- Philadelphia's daughters dress of Biblical days. the middle colonics, and because Sarver, the is "In my collection," madame told me, governor printer of Germantown. printed in wrote of her city: "She content to grow and strength "there are also rare scrolls, ancient precious German three quarh) editions of the Ijiblc symmetrically and if grace before an edition in Fnglish had been print- keep pace with her increasing, bulk, she is "stones and coins, and much else of value ed in America. Religious and civil liberty content to face the future." It can hold taken from the very spots in which the moM were encouraged by William Penn's govclosely to the past, recollecting its lessons, stirring scenes of Biblical drama were enacted. The collection, .which is at present valuing its traditions, respecting its memernment, but the leaders of society in Philadelphia were not clergymen, as in Massa- ory, ami loving in her cold, steadfast being catalogued, is the work of a lifetime chusetts, but lawyers, like John Dickenson, passion, the living links which connect her on my part, and is valued at thousands of with her honorable history and unite her dollars. I did riot present it to your naand they had great respect for the established laws, and thought that all legal methtional museum, because there it would have past in the great story of the nation. of the the exat be should ods for settling difficulties meeting Daughters lost effectiveness by being merely one of (Read 1914. This 16, of the Revolution, Jan. hausted before force was resorted to. many great collections. At the American M. in P. council r arnswortii. Julia lade them temperate and wise University it will stand out conspicuously. and debate, and gave to their capital city I wanted to place it in America, and in the reputation, for moderation which she MADAME MOUNTFORD. Washington. .1 hope it may become a mathas always held. ter of national interest to this great coun-try.- " von MamreofT Madame Lydia Mary Opposition to the Stamp Act took form in 1765,., the act of parliament imposing duties Finkelstein Mount ford has a family tree Madame Mountford's eldest brother, upon paper and tea was resisted in 1768, that makesfthe oldest Occidental genealogy Peter, was the friend and private secreand when, in 1773 the news reached Phila-- . look about as new and shiny as a piece of tary of the late William H. Seward, who delphia that the tea ships were on their plated ware. She talks about her ancestor, first met him when on a visit to Jerusalem, way, the people met in the state house on Melchizedck. as any American Woman him to come to America. Pier and who October 17 and adopted resolutions which would speak of one of the Pilgrim Fathers. sister alsourged came to this country and for some were unanimously by the Boston Madame Mountford was born in Palestine. years held the chair of languages and. Engmeeting on November 5. The tea ship She sp.caks' with ease at a remarkable rate lish literature at Binghampton College, New of speed Arabic, Russian English, French York. London, anchored near Philadelphia two and German. She spent her happiest hours Madame Mountford is a member of the days after Christjnas, but was n,ot allowed in childhood playing under the trees on the Mount of Olives or strolling with, her father congressional committee appointed by the to'dischargc her cargo. National Woman Suffrage Association to Carpenter's Hall was the meeting place of through ihe quiet walks of the Garden of the first Continental Congress, of 1774, and Gethsemane. As a girl of eighteen she was plead with Congress for a suffrage amendthe state house that of the second Congress, baptized in the Episcopal Church of Jeruf ment to the Constitution. She has told the story of life and customs handed down in which met May 2, 1776, agreed on the resosalem. Palestine from Biblical days to the present lution declaring that the United Colonies "We Orientals," says Madame Mount-for'are and of right ought to be free and inde"think in centuries, in a way that is time to tens of thousands"of people in AmerIndia. pendent states." On July 8, the Declara- difficult for the Occidental mind to follow. ica, England, Australia and tion of Independence was first publicly rad I trace my genealogy back to the line of Selene A. Harmon, from the Seattle Times. 0:.-by John Nixon from the platform of the Melchizedek and to Davidic line on my observatory which then, stood in the square mother's side. On my father's side of the back of the hall. From the beginning of house I go back to the Mamres and the THIRTY-FOURTthe war, Philadelphia was tjae center of house of Ephraim. Mamre was a confedANNUAL ANNOUNCEMENT stirring events. Trenton, Brandywine and erate of Abraham; and allowed him to pitch OF V.alley Forge are all within an hour's ride his tents under his oaks and to 'dwell in the from that city. .Lord Howe entered Phil- plains of .Mamre as you have read in Genesis. When the Mamres became assoadelphia September 26, 1777, and Congress fled to New York. The. British with ciated with Russia through intermarriage drew in June, 1778, .and Congress1 then the affix 'off meaning 'of was added, ajinfreturned. When the American army the name Mamre becoming Mamreoff. Their took p6ssession of the city, Benedict Arnold crest remained the Palestine oak tree of the Beginning: October 6, 1913. was placed in?. command, and you know the plains of Mamre. Hours 9 to 12 a.m. like would the see of to tragic outcome of his vimity and. extrava"Maybe you ring gances. As already stated, in 1785 Con- Melchizedek," continued Madame Mount-forFor full particulars Communicate with in New but in 1787, met York, May, gress raising her hand to the light so" that the.' convention which formed the ConstituELLIS R. SHIPP, M. D., i d an enormous ruby reflected tion, of the United States met in Philadel- the rays'of the sun.. "This ring has been in 713 Second Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah phia, in the state house. Under the federal Constitution, Philadelphia "was the capital of the United States from 1790 to 1800, A ' 9 MAIN STREET, 1 1 and in the building, still standing at the SALT LAKE CITY. southeast: corner of Sixth and Chestnut ' streets, George Washington was inauguThe Ladies' in Styles rated as President for a second term, and Suits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts, John Adams and Thomas Jefferson as President. President and Vice America Waists Prices. . . has had a most wpnderf ulxgro wth, and beautiful cities cover the land, but the natal "to remove to,. Pennsylvania, arrived at and city of the Declaration of Independence first-plac- e -- Op-dcr- , cmj-eran- ' . v !1 -- re-adopt- cd ... d, . H Dr. Ellis R. Shipp's SCHOOL OF NURSING AND OBSTETRICS d, heart-shape- Rl 7 THAP1 1J1 lr rT LVj.y C nstrbecoming . 67-6- . and . . f , at Popular THE STORF WHERE YOU : CAN FEEL AT HOME - 