WOMAN'S EXPONENT. BINGEM ON THE RHINE. ' (A Story Re-told- . 1 1 1 MARY E LEIGHTNEK. .) () Bitten, .storied Bitten, th a favored a h lot i 9 TUvrf nestling 1y cli irinftc li 1 tin- mountains beside - tin Where maidens oft' ami of mine, ('oinc hick, come back to P.inen," fair on the Rhine. "Le Ami were-weepin- sihin I'inen tearful mothers praying, still sty "Div will not mine," far nwav is sleeping the soldier ot the Though Rhine. The dyinjj eyes fast closing saw wlim- the sunbeams sliine, ( )n that dear home in P.ingen, r I'.nigc-on the Rhine. - Kscapes a sigh, a heart thro!.. e;mnt lt;t repine, see that soldier dying who tubbles d' the I Rhine, Ami happy da s ()f ehildho. earlier hen fading uns the picture I HI. that - tim-e- W f Rhine. The Put Itingm mi the hattle long hath ciidol. round it twine, will he forgotten the m-'e- r mtuii-rie- -- oMir of the -- -t And other hearts have broken, crushed b voe.s the kindness ami thank the sisters, for their invitation; appreciated tlte Msters of the i Another noble and true woman whose Stake Board and the work of the local ofdeath it is nur sad duty to chronicle. is S's-te- r ficers; said we had held .district conferences Marv F I.eightner, who died Dec'. 17, in some of the wards and felt the work 1"L. w as g 'ing on. SiU-ISIS. Sister Mary Leightner was born April gave the 41th j4rrrfa. New York. She joined the Church chjp.te! of the hie of the Prophet, which of- Jesus ( "hrisj of Latter the miracul us healing of Flijah day Saints in the treats i fall of months after the l'oidiuin and others b the Prophet. jut !i( hurch ua organized, or at the time ( Sister Balhia Wells, a daughter of Flijah rr l 'owdcry, Peter Whitmcr and Zeba PeFordham, bote her testimony, and gave in U tail the incident of the. terson came to Kirtl md, Ohio, and estabhealing of her lished a branch of t!k; Church. Father ,Mor-le- v father bv the Prophet, s;iid she knew the was ordained an elder to preside over .Prophet, saw him ta.a-- to prison, and saw litis branch of ilie Church. his body when brought from Carthage; was chosen of those Sister I.eightner was one at the meeting, when the mantle of the -the called tor special pirits who seemed Prophet fell on Pt igh am Young, was thankpurpose to help in the building up of the ful to s,r this da. and if her testimony was She anv good to strengthen the testimony of kin Lid ''M of iod upon tlu earth. anv one, she wished to be of service; parsed through all the trials and persecutions- of the Saints in Missouri and Illinois, thanked the Lord for her faith, and for His and with unfailing faith endured many blessings to her. and hoped she might, ever hardships. She was sealed to the Prophet be foun! tning to serve tin- Lord. Brother ie..rge Harding' had .seen the Joseph Smith before his death. Sister I.eightner moved from Salt Lake .Prophet Joseph and remembered him quite Cit to Mim rsville. Beaver county, I "tali, in well; told li w they mcd to hold meetings shr made her home until the in the. grove, at Nauvoo; said the most im- 1S, where death. Her funeral was large-- ! tinv of her thirigs to him in connection with attended bv friends who honored and the Prophet, w as taking a message to him at his home, and the fatherly talk, which he !oed her good and noble work. were gave him; spoke of his own baptism and t her funeral letters of condolence read from President Joseph F. Smith and confirmation by Hyrutu .Smith; related an Stake President J. F. Tollon. There were incident just before the death of the Prophet. Bore his testimony that Joseph Smith prvscnt at the funeral., had attended school ;is students of was a Prophet of ,( iod, and hoped we would wh Sister I.eightner. Bishop Marshall, Flders stand firm and steadfast to" the principle Myers, Banks. .Lee and Wood, also Sister taught by him." The hymn. The Seer.' was rendered by Sarah B. Gillins, spoke words of consolation and told of the faithful ami unselfish life Sister Lottie Owens, Sister Nancy Whitaker, one of the sisof the? good woman. She lived a life it v wouhlbe well to emulate. So. one by one ters who belonged to the first Relief earth those who knew organized at Nauvoo. She told of ar,e piisuig-Uutithe Work of the" organization ami the sewSmith, and whose testinProphet Joseph account of being rather timonies of "him and his mission are so ing done, but-ofeeble, her age being nearly M, her grandtreasured bv the Saints. r - n - Rhine. He marched awavTjn triuthph. fatrppi.g. straight in line, lint ne'er returned to Bingeu. the h"n:e Inside the Rhine. That the of'-Tim- in the 'hour of passing sighed Hingci) on the Rhine." O peaceful is thy beauty when sun. or mom: beams shine Appears as scene elvsian the gently flowing j ' Rhine. heart doth So in life's closing moments fhe ever pine. For childhood days in P.ingcn, fair the Rhine; Soft evening shades are falling, the fast decline, leave thee Bingen. O P.nt loath the Rhine. pta-ssiv- twenty-one-perso- i sun's rays Ringen on a breath RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. divine,. tThc tales of love and parting beside the witch ing Rhine: A rapture strange, mysterious, o'er Alls this heart of mine, And tear drops fall unbidden while sailing on the Rhine. There comes a sadness o'er me, and thoughts none may define, Not known before beholding the grandeur of the Rhine: And in the days far coming, will memory round - Bring dreams forever cherished, I dreamed side the Rhine. " . daughter. Martha Woodland, read her which she had previously written testi-jnnn- There is a something whispers as if twine-r- ns So-ciet- P.ingen on T it 95 be- Lydia D. Alder. MADAME BERNHARDT HONORED. From Paris comes the news that at da st been the name of Sarah Bernhardt-haadded to the roll of fame of .the Legion of put for Wnr' TTpr. claims have been ward several times but the influence of a strong element in French society ; pre vented the French actress trom ODiamm the decoration. who are Avnong the famous women CpC?nr; nf the red ribbon are AclelinaJ ifmp TnriV. the Baroness de Roths fild. Mine! Paquin, and Mme. DutrieitH the A' aviator. s t ItOX ELDER STAKE. Tl, . . C -- .1 w. f S,rn.tv OnteretlCe ( f OI T I)OX Fhlef Stake held at Willard, Nov. lMh. .President Sarah P. Stohl presided. Prlcscnt, besides Relief Society Stake officer;: President Oleen X. Stohl. Counselor Y. Ic. Tlorslcv, Bros. Hurt. Cook, and FacJr of the High Council. Bishops Wright and Hubbard ami several brethren from Wifiard. President Sarah Stohl announced this conference was held in honor of two of our old sisters, Sister Xancy Whitaker, a member of the first organization at Nauvoo, and Sfter Bathia Wells, a (laughter of Brothei sesBijah Fordham. Said this. morning's Josion would be in honor of the Prophet ph Smith. jOpenearithsingurg. Fraise - to .me, I all," etc. Opening praver, Bishop Brigham Wright. p Singing, "Oh, give me back' my Prophet t - Dear."' .Minutes of previous forenoon conference ' read and accepted. President Stohl was pleased to see such that a ood crowd out this morning and the" weather was so favorable ; was pleased conferto have the privilege of holding our ence here at Willard, and felt to appreciate v. down, as she had told it. President Oleen X. Stohl had been very ami could not interested in help but say Joseph Smith was a prophet of God ; bor'e his testimony to the same ; said he was glad to say that those who. would accept the GospeJ would have thep riyilege of bearing, this testimony; said if we have faith ami can live the Gospel we can lurv the privilege given us to do all the things this required of us ; spoke on the grow th of Church." especially in the organization of the Belief Society, and the inspiration of said if you Joseph Smith to 'organize it. want to be happy, do something in the Church, and if you don't accept this mission you will never feel good: encouraged all to work and know for themselves that on tithing and this gospel is true;-spokother keeping the Sabbath day holyy and' laws of God, and the blessings received by timn cnJd T pf lie work- for the service of God each day, and put UffJSt-we have into it. 'Bore a .strong testimony to the power of God in his own behalf, and felt he. could not appreciate the blessings of the Lord enoagiw God bless you, my sisters: I feel your hearts are in the work. .President' Sarah Stohl was thankful for : the presence of "so many of the brethren said the afternoon session would be devoted to Sister Fliza R. Snow Smith. this-mcctin- go - 