WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the "free list" and upset all our home . gar, factories? nit "Friday, the 19th of DccemUr, oc: curi'ijl the death of Sister Kelecca K. Standring, une of the staunch and .devoted Women oi the belief Socict). While t ur some time past. Mandrin lu- n it eeii m i'ou( nea in. u wa oinlv a month ii it i, r waetore her death that released from the position of 'resilient of his own sugar on his owii farm, and had his "sugar diing"-time'iindisturbe- )ii d N'tlltW i i ( 1 i d un-e- ts nd i est. It is grand to have been born tljcjx and of those ancestors. Wended in her' fragile and f,,rm is the heritage of those men women who counted no sacrifice as too reat for religious and political freedom; who bad braved the rigors of climate, and the perils of tlie Atlantic coast, for the lives of those who went down to the sea in ships has been closely interwoven who dwelt in through the character of all the New England States. be the woman Why, tln, should she not lead her? .that slid is, with the Gospel to Who among us, though, is better prepared like her, to meet the representative their women of the world, no matter what great work or station? of Emmeline 11 Wells, as ambassadress of the women of Zion, would be bearer bebe credentials, the highest that could not ot stowed, because she is in the.service, but in the service ot any. earthly potentate, and the Church and kingdom of our Father His Son Jesus Christ. stimulus to the May her example be a unto- the call of daughters of Zion'to attain of us m the future to each and every one our place and calling; and may her pres-to ence be among us still for many .years the-Indian- s come. . ; With love and respect, Your Sister in the Gospel,. ; Crociieron., Augusta Joyce 7 Erda, Oct.. 4th, 1913. " 1 1 1 sf-.l..- . v th-.-- I.'i.lw'i SoClttV Sister Standring was born Febiuar J 1S2S. at Northampton, Fngland. She was the daughter of William and Charlotte I;ord Smith, one f eleven children, two brothers and two sjvteis now living. She joined the Church in February, 1S51. and emigrated to America four vears later, remaining in New York and Dayton, Miio. two years b tore coming to Salt I -- ike City, where vfoe arrived in September. 1857. At the time of the "move" she went t.o Springville. and in 185' was married to Ldwin Standring at Lehi wlSere she has ever since lived. At this time Sister Standring became in jtiitc a leader among her aodates both religious and social circles. She was a member of the Lehi ndioir and the first lady teacher in the Sunday school of that ward, a position which she faithfully filled tor thirty the Home years. She was a member of "Dramatic Club and in many roles displayed For ten years Sifter marked ability. Standring was secretary of the Lehi ward. Relief Society, and in IS?) became ward of the Alpresident. At the organization was elecpine stake HH)1, Sister Standring ted to be stake president of the Relief Society, in which position she was most efficient and much beloved. When the Relief Sodetv was incorporated in 18(U. Sister and Standring was elected on the directorate atserved. in that position until 1901. She tended the business meetings of that body at her own expense most faithfully, and was considered a valuable member of the general board both oiKaccount of her good counsel and executive ability, but owing to the mort the many calls for frequent meetings and disthe members she with others living at her time tances, were released. She gave one and service to the Lord's work, and was laborers of the most devoted and untiring has worked in the Relief Society cause. She the St. for the living and the dead in Lake temples. SisGeorge. Manti and Salt children ter Standring" was not blessed with, devoted of her own, vet she had been a will mother to her adopted children. Many and cherish thatjnem-or.- v always remember her -!. voti-lues- gt-nuin- . i Her ! UM i) uas .'i .fiii ibr i.. n ate 'i ! 'i ! u of her the bread of the t idler. sj. til- - are delighted to honor We. u accmuit in r and her m niorv for ever. 'resident b,a as released a ..f- ill In altb . n 'Ciel :ke Kfhel the o !piue Amer- t, - at .ru nt. lance held at the n- -t Ward. Vtober l'V I'M.v ofVeialh released at a quarterly nd w: h-- r ... - I . 1 r- n u-.t- ronference Mom tl-i- at the age of PU. Vtobrr 3). VnX I.rhi. b Id at She ,F. life December s eighty-fiv- year, nine She leaves e onths and tweiit nine d.iv's. Mice Standring tu adopted children. Standring. A whole comRovle and to circb- of friend lar-';.,. m.i l!e djel a- - sl had lived, nonrn her b taluart faithful I .atter-- aya true and n - b-h- ... - - i - d -- Saint. held funeral wa A -- t which even . ir. Monday December 22. folthe furnishes Julia R. M- - anisworth .s I 'O , I lowing: Cannon and i.rs vsnrth were appointed Julia V. M-f";' Wells by President! oi , to Lehi and attend the tuueral Mrs" Rebecca Standring. and represent the General P.oanl. The, services Ayere held i the Lehi tabernacle, an.t n.n.im it vomn ywou. I. II. iardnerot the tl R.ishop beautiful. The dnging of the choir w;as ...... i I and noropriate. ,Mrs. imoio ncr. soles. Mrs F F Ixirkham gave The shakers w are manv lovely blowers. I i...,f i.;;, i.m''"1 ,.t were . i - , . Si-'te- levies II. Clark .t ii. Mi.in,- - Strike 'ir.'iuli'iii-y- . " fnr nu.ny years. I.i.- eiiil)ni:m cnmselor ot a fine Retell ot rea-"St.milri.. R ' Cutler P. t eh! Mr T at the adrelease from earthlv chains came a vanced age of ntarly 86 years after bug members of the lffe of loving. "'The associate the Alpine Stake Relief Society RoanUpay . 1 I her call to labor in higher fields and fl y. s ) . following beautiful tribute. tin-need- f-it- d'-Vn- -- in their hearts. ib ( . Sweetness Irom its heart in the early She was horn just before thr n r tinu amp fires in the woods were lighted. :m men and maidens bore the wooden buckets of maple sap to the huge kettles that were kept boiling day and night. Wealth of color and beauty in its falling leaves in autumn, its latest gift to rich and like her. lias she not given p .or alike, it the sweetness of her be-- t years and now. in the autumn of her life, are not her leaflet .I thought bright and treasured? () vou artists of gloomy canyons, torrid and moonlighK-ank erts. ocean evtr.v other kind of picture who has ever, who is going to immortalize himself by a camp" anion- - the maple picture of tree and the nut trees, while the now niav back-rou: still be seen in the untrampled It one of America's chief assets, and dear hearts. There are the mighty, t, so manv the tire j.rotectin- - forest branches overhead, itself with lights and the faces, the industry out the beautv?destroving smoke stacks and noie of the machinery, in the primeval for, oe-casiu- 1 am writing. j ment of woman kind. She has on many inspired us to put totth our utmost !!otts to iie a :iohk r and purer life. Wljat-ic- r is best in womanhood is exemplified in ' Vies 'ale Wr wijl remember her let for which eery woman can os-I- t quai.iti'.-is what one doe's and what one n.ulv is that counts in tlie end. The long and beautiful life of ..ur Dear President, will ei be a Iiiug example for. all the who knew bet in thi Stake olioii. Her. to good qualities, her d; a dutv.. and her noble example, will be beacoii !igh. to ib all. X' ntoie iittmg be tjtioted than is words of her life of the proverbs. "he has i ss .1 in oil,epi r.teiud out In baud to the'por. vt a lu r band to readied illi u i.itnni ...l, ..wioi ilioiuii Jti.Uk'i HI jc kmd-i..- . n i., 'm r tongue was the law of iut - t f ample . and unlimited in :pp!v, and w hat an occasion sugar making as. ami what other sugar or svrup can .,te better? It needed no protecting "trade :ark," the color and the odor verified its idividuality among the sweety. What other tree has such autumn leaves, :iat everyone wants to gather and press. ml keep, or to decorate the home with, as he sugar maple? Of course, other states, aoith and south, have the sugar majje. but-is of the trees of her state and herself that ? a'pure and blameless life, and has gilded her throne ;uilh all womanly virtues. She has .houn her excellency in her public hiliis.'in her 'religion, and in the advance- REBECCA E. STANDRING. r'o, each neighbor owned . 91 -j 1 I- l 'r life. Sl:iii'lriii' Mr- - ' The l...adi..K wa. uell f.lll. tlie nob le ,,, , tlie .mvlhW tetihe,l ,(l RcU-ccStan. c work of , Cannoioroke of working v.th ,er M - ret, Si-l- ln,. i er that we have During the past twelve years she ha, on I K- (. been working together as; a Board, Salt Lake temple ami t,c mm the almost been the guiding spirit o of the.. lion e maker and berless efforts for the advancementshe ever wonianlV q.talities. as a o ; Has as an efficient .l.rec or an, Sisters in the Alpine Stake. wontoi, ask those with TL love and'lneli esteem in winch she u as doing labored. WeHs.an.l ah . - , :K She ha?, Ask of her voice raised m defense prayer to us tlie noble ex et that she has set before Sfand , .. Sister Southwick. e aiociates, .William the grave. Io- n- friend dedicated , a l,fe 