, - lOMAN'S Exponent The Ontut of the Vol. 41. Ijtttcr-rfnt- Saints' Woman's Uclh f SALT LAKH CITY, 1'TAH. FiCllIU'ARY. CONTENTS. Snvh-hi- ' . .' . 1 md . : . - 1114 No .war, After I.oii Years 97 City Priile The SutTrnpc Movement in Kn-l:...... OS dOU Karly Literary Women of Utah .... 102 Capital Cities in Colonial Days 104 Madame Mountford , Editorial: KYI Heartfelt- Farewell ff'. . Notice . 10rt President Peniuse HA) Thou Shalt "Not Hear False Witness... lit) - t and pushing onward through the tangled copse pierced with, the briars, gathering here and there a wild flower, we feel the conscious touch of some soft hand within our own, and. hleed "mcmi r ! it thrills us now a"? it did then, and we might dream gl hli-- s J ike this forever, wen- it nt that some fierce night owj with red eyes, glares at us, or MTceche? 'is horrid notes, and wakes us. as it .were, in ("error; or a serpent hisses beneath our eet and warn- - us 'that !if;'s path's lec t with danger. Yes even in our memory of the past. he re'i rie of CITY PIDE." Altec Merrill Home. I hold as . 14, ' fundamental principle of good government that each citieu, whether rich. poor, sick. well, old or young, should be required by the c .minnn'w ealth of which he or she is a necessary unit, to do his or her jut portion of labor in making and sustain-- : ing a healthful and beautiful city. Our city has not yet come into' a ft understanding of her own. She has individual moral ami physical responsibility. We ought to have efficient municipal officers. Further than that, we have an individual duty to give aid. so far as we may. singly and unitedly, I j - ;k 1 ; 1 1 blissful thoughts, the-- e horrid phantoms ghde and ock-- ;t 'human happiness. Poetry:. And thus injhe brightest momenis of 97 Sorrow and Tears our livCs we are pursued by shadows; and in the solution of these difficult problems. ' 102 Sowing and Reaping tis well, for we cannot bear too much of Though we are far fmm the Millennium, sunshine and gradou-lthe shadows intermay we not, as a united body of women, vene, and sadness Idcnds with jov, as shadhasten the reign of righteousness l a SORROW AND TEARS. !i ow' it the Minlight. and the stars shine. proper use of the suffrage? Is it not posin the darknet a hope mingles with our sible for us to use that sacred trust so saOut of my sorrow and mourning, man shall presorrows; and we know all thing- - hv conOut of its grief and its pain; credly that no Its sighing and sobbing, and moan'ing, tract: and after toil and weariness there's sume to'rear his head before a public office? The deepest, and wildest refrain rest, and thus we learn life's lesion, and if What would you think of an ordinance Swells forth with a melody pleading wi-- e we'll gather precious treasures we're to compel residentsor landholders to keep For the heart that is stricken and bleeding. bv the wav. and enshrine them in our hearts out weeds? Whatresult would follow comthat we may feast upon them in our lonely pulsory ing. Regrets for past promises waiting. of The fruit harvest hours cvn good by for a few years? and And prophecies yet unfuiGU'd ; of kind acts, and loving words and deeds The tears and the voice that is wailing. What folMvs weekly moving of garbage The strength of strong passionsJfatiHl; simple uninfected charitv. These are the and maimJWVom premises? We look upon The agony past that will adorn the brows of those each gems citien asVu asset in the municipal. corThe grief that o'ermasters restraining. who live their fellow beings. poration. The citizens constitute the muEmmclinc P. Wells. ctich. who have How many now passed nicipal corporation's greatest wealth. She will away our mnnorv ran recall, and they has no more important problem than to prothe fair vide the best means for preserving' the live forever; and every spring green earth shall see, shall b,c the sweeter, health and thus lengthening the lives of her . AFTER LONG YEARS. fairer, fresher, purer and more fragrant, becitizens. Those. most interested along these cause of these dear ones, whose deeds of lines prescribe a clean and beautiful city. Amid the grand old woods of oak and pine. holy love have consecrated them to Cod; I sit me down, 'mong. mosses, flowers and "Man is that he might have joy." So in the blessed morn of the eternal and ferns, spoke the prophet, and we accept it as true the earth shall when crown Jieaven And thought, with magic pow'r almost divine; spring philosophy .also. kiss that ecstatic with that thrilling returns to other days Unconsciously That man might have joy, the home is' through every .fiber shall wake the dead, made, the city is founded, municipal govtheirinto breathe and souls, tembe must of An excess always joy and were ernment is established, and what, tell me, all of are consciousness the they as least blended, at or and beaupered with sadness, be .then shall we know what' gives man more joy than a ckan to and are are that those with blend the minor notes tiful home, a clean and beautiful yard, a all- the beautiful, keen of us sense this in gave revels naturd while and high and shrill, clean and beautiful city?' These indeed tin's power to draw such perfect imagery the and its glorious beauty, spirit rejoices have make life sweet and build a perfect setting that call memories and years, long low up also are in accordance therewith, there, for Godliness. and all the magic and untones of music sweet and clear that thrill to buried deep: v I would, like "to bring to the hearts of will be revealed to, those whose misthe very center of the human heart and known, those present the opportunity that this wonbeen nobly filled. stir its deepest fountains, with a something sion has. None . should, sit idle., while there arc derful young .Ladies' Mutual Improveindefinable, but which harmonizes with the before it, flowers or gems to gather, though they ment .Association has squarely brookof the trie murmur soft and utilize an twihght, into the thicket to obtain even the privilege to orgaiiize-an- d must And the of plunge the and nightingale. is daily let, song dive into the ocean's depths, and enormous amount of energy '(that tn the train of thought that comes with them, or or lost) toward enmisdrected, wasted, daunt and briars thorns fear of let we if ouf twilight shadows, soft murmuring waters, riching soil, destroying weeds, placing trees and the songs of; thrust and nightingale, us, or even the creatures beneath ; then we and vegetable gardens, deplanting, hedges, .for without the be content must tenblessing, there steals athwart the soul a pensive and window boxes, can conquer but the. brave. And signing flower beds none and oldest memories, the stirs that derness, .... is won we can sit down making lawns. all unconsciously, .we stand as 'twere in when the victory, We could, if we would, make of this city and count our-- sorrows o'er, but till that have trtd feet our many where places Let us set and vet there are a veritable, garden of Ede must on. wd before-u- s, push as time, and vividly sor- "long years ago." -some "pleasant pastures 1v 4he- - wav7 iand asidej)eauty:gr a moment and become all 7 the Realisms, coeval enchantment by live again within ou r IimIiW utters Wr thf th rstv trave er d d. It would pav aias tnai is tne hour, with thex very ' into which everything must fit, for we are-, ; aiiff jf we -- are diligent who drink mav we wood-pat- h where the see hearts ;we in a cdmmercial process and it. the combut , we may 'reach the everlasting knows and vines tangled wound our way through - thattempt us in the . distance, that mercial stage. Yes, it would pay I A yard, hills hear and perchance tile rotten wood, broke produced July rods, by ten, this season until ;we try to reach them. - six 1. axe; - . HIP again,; asr though its seem the; woodman's .SdU m trmt and vcauipdiH.- rry.AliVT'Fxf these in our souls, forty echoes lingered ' 11 v self-seeking -- house-screen garbage-screenin- stable-screenin- g - self-containin- g. to-bles- s - - , ; ' " . so-n-ear . . tn.. . ' - i . . 1 1 1 vo-i.- I g, 