WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Sister. 'Afcn.es Owens, president of Willanl Relief Society, felt to welcome" all, and wished all to stay to lunch. Praver, Urothcr Vim. Facer. ! DAVENPORT, AGE 90, AD DRESSES LADIESV CLUB. MADAME Otir Heavenly Father 'has.- in His infinite wisdom, taken from our midst our cs- teemed and dearly loved sister. May Ash worm-Boo- l h; and. ' Whereas, The intimate rclatiu-- i held during a long period of time, by lier, with the member of this Board, makes it fitting that vc record Mir appreciation of her; therefore, Resolved, That the wisdom and ability which ,hc has exercised in aid of, our work by counsel anil crvice,' will be held in grateful remem- The absolute demonstration of a new outlook for the human race "was made recently at the Ladies' Literary club in Salt Lake City, when Madame Cnarlotte de Golrvre Davenport personally illustrated the possibility of retaining, at Afternoon Session. f Sinking. TU Serve the Lord while am Young." brance; Opening prayer, Sister Jane Owens. Roolvcd, That the removal of otir dear sister Sister Lula' B. Call read and explained from otir in ids t leav?s a vacancy and a shadow tin song, "Oh, my Father,", which was that will be deeply realized by all members of the Bn.trd and its friends; sung by the congregation. Roll call showing Iff) members- present, Resolved. That with deep sympathy with the the stake board answering, by sentiments .lUjicted relatives ami friends of the departed, that even so great from Sister Snow's poems and sayings. awe express an earnest hope, for their be overruled bereavement, may Minutes of previous afternoon conference highest good. read and approved. That we unite our sentiments wijh our loved Sister' Stohl hoped the same good spirit sister Arctta Young, in her following tribute: which had been with us this morning would Oh, Friend; stav with us this afternoon wished to thank hast too early gone to thy lng rest: .Thou the sisters of Will ml for thc.splendid lunch, ; Dear one, and pleasant noon hour. We would have kept thee, CTwas our hearts desire). Sister Rachel Evans gave a. sketch of the our domain here, Within life of President Eliza R. Snow Smith. To make the world more dear. The hymu.'Thc trials of the present day," More rich in friendship's White Eliza Sisters duct was sung as a But thou didst tire , by and mortal 'Neath' weariness, pain and Alice Xebeker. called thee to thy rest: God hath And sewon Five minute reports were given, Beloved, farewell! ing done, nights spent with sick, quilts made, means gathered for wheat, and other In grief our hearts arc still, items for six months, by the secretaries of He knoweth best, dear Itfart. the following associations : Willard, Perry, Bowed 'neath the Father's will; Why we should part; (arper. Third and Fourth Wards of Prig-- ' -- 90 years nf age the appearance, vivacity, physical elasticity and mental vigor, not of youth, yet of the best of an early prime. Madaine Davenport, claiming to be in her uinctieth'year, and the mother children, appears hardly 50, and moves, speaks and talks with the charm of a girl if 20 years. .' Her points were made with a freshness and wit which kept her audience bubbling" with laughter at times, and interested and enthusiastic throughout. ,s said the speaker, "Many people "because they are too lazy to take the trouble to be well, or because' they selfishly cling to their ailments, loving, them too well to let go." She. illustrated her belief with many interesting incidents, and continued : "There is but one class of people for whom I "have a contempt it is the sick. I have helped to cure many people' by showing them they should be ashamed of their ailments instead of exploiting and boasting of them. That is what I call complaining it is Imsting and by it the sick build up what they pretend to want to get rid of." Madame Davenport is on her way to California to teach a class of 75 women "how to take care of themselves." She has been eight times around the world ; served 38 years as private teacher of hygiene to the empress of Austria, and now lrolds a pension given her by the emperor Franz Joseph. It is at periods like that in which she measures her life: "L taught 25 years," at such a place: "I studied that science for years." and so on. Madame Davenport states that she has a son 71 years of age, 1 1 sons put of the 24 who are still oiyrrf living. She remained in the city a week, and it was hopakacould address the young girls, in whom she declares she is especially interested. nls of-2-- L ; are-sic- k, good-bye- great'-bequest- ; 1 And since thou'st passed the "Silence drear," Death's gloom hath less of awesome fear The lonely pathway more of light; Sweet friend, good night. ham City. The "Hymn, "The Lord has imparted from above," was sung as a solo, hv Sister ' Delia Nuttal. Reports continued, Brigham City First and Second Wards. Bear River City and . Honevville. Sister Mosiah Evans of the Bear "River Stake Relief Societv, was pleased to be here today, and visit with us in the conference; said she hSS heard much today that would increase her Tartu ; thought the those old sisters Was a great testimony to us: felt we cjght to be so thankful that we belong to the Relief Societv, and may we be inspired to go on and lead better lives was the blessing she asked for all. Bishop Jos. Hubbard saM it had been a day of rejoicing to him, in listening to the program and the testimonies of the sisters. Felt it ,an honor tojiave this conference held here and felt to extend a glad welcome to all ; felt this conference would do much good in helping to create interest in ' this work. , President Stohl was sorry the time was so short, as we could .not hear from all we would have liked to hear from ; said President Stohl wished her to. express diis. appreciation for the welcome extended to us; vas pleased with the reports, but felt there was room to do better. Let us put forth our very best efforts to further this work. Wished again, to thank the sisters and mav the Lord bles all. . Singing, "Truth Reflects upon Our ... . Senses." Benediction, Patriarch Edwin Cordon. Svraii P. Stohl, President. Annie II. Littlewooo, Secretarv. . tcs-timonics- 'of ',:'-r- - i Sister Booth was horn September 28. 1874. to Wm. ami Mary E. Ash worth, in Heaver, Utah. She graduated from the P. V. A. (now V.) in 1895; was married to A. L. Booth of Provo in Stilt Lake Temple, June. 1900; gave birth .to five children, three of which she laid away at birth. She is survived by husband, two little daughter, father, mother, six brothers, four sisters, many other relatives and friends. She was al'wavs a faithful worker in the Church. Died. Oct. 10, 1913, Prove, Utah. Alice T. Bi.ake, in Eunice S. Harris, Sarah Holdaway, Committee. . OF NOTES AND NEWS. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp's SCHOOL OF NURSING AND OBSTETRICS of First Settlers, in Quaker dress, will march in the parade which the Pennsylvania suffragists are planning to hold in Philadelphia. The Friends nvere probably the earliest of modern religious denominations to give women equal rights in the church or rather in the meeting house and in colonial days Hannah Penn for some time acted, as Governor of Pennsylvania. A band r Beginning: October 6. 1913. Hours 9 to 12 a.m. ' for full particulars- retary: , th. - communicate with ELLIS R. SHIPP, R K. THOHAS CO., PZl: .The most becoming- Styles in Ladies' .Suits, Coats,' Dresses, Skirts, 'and Waists at Popular Prices. . . THE STORF WHERE M. D. 713 Second Avenue;, Salt Lake City, Utah - Asji-worth-Boo- H ANNUAL ANNOUNCEMENT ; OBITUARY. Resolutions of respect to Sister Mav passed by the Relief "Society Board of Utah stake, of which she vas sec- THIRTY-FOURT- YOU : . CAN FEEL V AT HOME 