woman's riiniity of merctiiiK and of being web most cordially asinemha, i ...d liy tin in "1". ne Council. ;er wards we pissed up the grand t.iirv to the drawing ;ooiu and other apart.' .:N opened for tlie rea'i)tio:i, a;:d pas-u- l etc the Hungarian band were h. -- the inost exquisite music one .could inc.' which floated thro these diffusing" melody such ns is vddom n) except by the most highly iavurtd oi world. There were a small number of ladies wl: nn we had met before, Mis Anthony, who is always lovely and gracious to her fiie:ais, and' Mrs. Sewall, Dr. Shaw, Mrs Bedford Fenwiek and Mrs. Fen wick Mill, r (these two. ladies we had been acquainted with at the Woman s Congress-ia::.! quite a number of others. Mrs. Char- Ii.tte Perkins Stetson, tne grandnv. of Henry Ward Keecher, whom w: liadviet i:: Des Moines. Iowa, ami who is eeTtaiulv oneot tlie brightest women of this nine- ttenjl century; who is always sweet and 'charming, and who really seemed to tike e.ua i'aiwa ivi .wait ui um u i tn p.;ii. Recently her book on the Keonomic que.s-t- i - ! a u l. ! I lie iiCCCSs kxih:;kt; oijlu: ical undertaking Reading College is built on the sue oi an out a!)!.ey, aiu: one part ot it is lands together o.i on? platform to discuss of tile old abbey 'and cloisters. cumpoK-greatest, and .u:oi momentous questions I .The Countess of Aberdeen, among other 0 the (lav. SiiciaJ "functions, gae a breakfast 'toall Fnlham ee is verv- antioue in ofheially connected with 'the Council, in i i prarance, ana reminds cue of tin- past centhe private banqueting hall .of tin1-- ' r Ihir tin it :a of the Palace Hotel, and pa.s uted .4:j vr:yatmosphj.'re, lOU.--c ami grounds, thougn it isk 'l III . .i weleome to whk.h ..r.r ,t )u- f Celicut. air. and there have been, doubt- - man ladies' responded in behalf oP the iq n :iy changesand improvements made--! ioieiVn drie-- " - .Mlii les, nrr . Ste.venviii, nf u r iMr., .i.ae iu unit yet one kel.s the sacred-.Chicago, ior the I'liiUd tates, .mentioning .icss ir.ai oeri uns in en mi,, liill i,.,i it was the 41 h of . .n . viittt July, In- " Maee-and iwvA mJ wliere nolv men I. ord Aberdu ir.al.so had day. served an ddspen.vd their learned lore, or aepemieuce a few words to sjv. I.adv Maiiorii Cur: V h..til nnv rtnti 'icua,-,!.:;Ui, stica as IS' not Voiiell-.ifr.,..tl,... ;tt the breakfast, x.ipt Kioe who devote their lives to the which isa succe sslul ceial function. ic.u iivir;.- .Master. It is nnnossihie lor fhe Countess aUo gave a Farewell re" the v. :iter to put upon paper in a lew' words at the Royal Institute of Wider CoP the e motions experienced while loaming ceptiou ors at the close of the session of the Coun-- ; at. out under shade of the trees centuiR s cil. After issuing a thousand invitations, old; ami coutem plating the scenes that must have' ban enacted and events that had somctwoorthreehundiedmort'ueiesentout, it was a most elelH,rateeutertaiumcul. Lady transmred during the years that had flown .viaijoue assisieu iier motner in n teivin' sinei the Siou: and surroundings had been and no ou.e could doubt their to make occupied in. Bishops and their curates ami all happy, when they could stand an entire rectors At some null re lime we nope to evening and welcome each of the hundreds devote an article to our impressions of Ful- - of The" refreshments . guests personally. ;u is attracting world-wid. ' attention, alwere delicious, and served .alter the most Mrs. On Monday, July 3, the Society of though by many severelv critiched. The water colors, hospitable fashion. Stetson is, a forcible speaker, and also a American Women in London entertained of the finest one could imagine.-werthough brilliant and intellectual writer. She in- officers and. members of the Council at a lost sight of by many who preferred. tends visiting Salt Lake City in the near luncheon .and reception. The' president, living beauty in artistic costume. Really future. Mrs. Giiffni, Mrs.. He FreiVe and Mrs. Fay the on the walls, and the living portraits There is not time or pace to describe received the guests in elegant private parVer that pictures moving about hither and Stafford House or the wonderful paintings lors at Hotel Cecil, and the stars and strijx.-thither, Hitting from room to room, were and banquet, but some time we may .vere specially noticable in the draping uml s brought into a sort of rivalry by the ai,t make separate articles of these great decorating. Delicious refreshments were loving connoisseurs. The Countess spared ve seen and where W2 have handsomely served; but more of this here- - no palaces sacrifice to or make pains every one hap-entertained. aiter. she tor "the time herself py; really gave Hattersea's at reception Lady Surrey Tuesday afternoon, July 4, a garden being 'to the Council without limitation. House was in mativ resiects similar to that party was given by Lady Rothschild and The women of the world aie greatly inot StaiTord House; but at Surrey we were Mrs. Leopold de Rothschild, at Gunnersbury debted to the self.sL'ojlice of tl is philanreceived by Lord and Lady Battersea, and Park, an elegant residence and park grounds thropic; heYqicaj gentlewoman, who, withit is not the custom, as in America, to be in tlie suburbsof London, where everyout display of ceremony, but with the true introduced and passed down a long line of- thing was on the grandest scale imaginable; instirict,of royalty, devoted her valuable, time "and magnificent .talents to those who. alistingutshed people. indeed the pipers said it was the most elabiu the Loncame from aiar.and like the Oueen of Sheba public gatherings orate affair of its kind ever given in giving ""Perhaps "and entertainments tendered to the Co u net , don, certainly beyond" any' description the we can say, "the half had not been told." w:. ought to have mentioned first of a;l the writer will be able to The. visit to Windsor Castle was entirely give, such places informal reception given by the Countess of :nut be seen to be appreciated. At this redue tojier. tact, influence and thoughtful-- Aberdeen on Saturday afternoon, June 24,. ception there were perhaps half of the Utah ness. This visit has been described previous to the opening, of the Council. ladies present, Lady Rothschild and her by so many, that one scarcely feels to, go This was a very" pleasant way of having daughter-in-law- , into detail; but Her Majesty, Oueen VicMrs. Leopold de Rothsthe delegates and speakers meet "each other, child, received and welcomed the guests on toria, cannot have "too. much said 'in her and a very graceful thing on htr part, to their arrival, and every possible variety of praise as a' woman, a mother and a soverIt was most' bring the ladies into a sort of friendly inter- amusement had been provided in the eign of a great empire. course Here we met several ladies we had grounds, and refreshments were served in gracious and lovely of the Queen of a great previously known, in closer proximity than the house during tiie entire: afternoon. The realm on which the sun never sets, to favor .of the International Council arthe great receptions afterwards, as we whole affair, suggested wealth, luxuriance the vere fewer in number, and. as the affair "of grandeur and beauty, and the greatest with Her Majestyprteiijcejiiersoii, and was given in the "Members Mansions." hospitality and cordiality possible to exthe ladies manifested their appreciation in which had been engaged for Council pursmiles and bows and waving their, handker. press. poses. On this occasion the Countess re , ,The Countess of Warwick gave a garden., chiefs and singing in chorus, "God Save ceived alone, and stood on her feet ..'Jot. partyand entertainment at her Hostel at the Queen." . in St. George's Hall, The tea afterwards about three hours. In looking back, over Reading, on the afternoon of July 5, which, occasions the entire time of this great gathering of was one of the most interesting where every appointment of the table of royalty, might well have been ' ""omen from all parts of the world, we are we had the opportunity of participating in. of the- opinion that she was more thought- The "iiests. spent the time in listening to p called a banquet, so elaborate Were the ful and more considerate in providing for addresses in the garden, under tne magniti- - preparations ana so elegant tne service. It was a fitting close to the great Inter- the comfort and entertainment cent 'shade'-treesby the Countess Iierselt, r 1. s . c i 1. of 'women of all lands, mcuiueib-ume uuuueu,ri Lua.ii ii).l,.J. uu, Lady Georgina .Vernon and some titled national gathering could have imagined, or even desired. If gentlemen, all upon practical subjects per- that they should pay their respects to Her she does not have an attack of nervous taining: to education and Reading College. Majesty, who in her life, public and priprostration after all is over, one "wotrld be .Tents were placed iu near proximity where vate, has been the embodiment of the highinclined to believe she had been given refresh iifents were served, as also in the est and noblest qualities of true womanhouse itself, which '.was 'ery unique in all hood, a fitting example to the race. Dursuperhuman strength. The next great reception was at Fulham its arrangements. After the exercisei and ing thv reign ofinthis wonderful Queen much has been done 'forwarding' the cause of Palace, the residence of the Lord Bishop of some social couversatioiv the grounds ad various lines of learnings art few woman along 1'nreut vvere visited by the guests, and a ; . ... -1.1. -Jndon ancl his intdlectual an , 1. y r u.m i.o one OI me auuj .seienee. nuu seveuut.. iMvc lauieSi the OI accompaniep: speeiauiueis one was tee 01. wie, Mrs. , Cretghtou, wlio inillus of for distinction introduced been the the ablest women of the International Council, Professors, from theCollege, visited ladies. The profession of nursing and one who was instrumental in bringing stitution and. went over almost the entire trious ..l.KU '. if 1 ivr.tn.-t- .if ill i .;. SI j ,... I building,-'- . i ; -- 'A InTTj : . I'-'- ! VA di-con- . i;-- - - Wet-minste- - ad-din-s- s ek-jaut- -;. ; Chi'.-sgo- - j ; , . . , V 3 . : - , u-- . - . . , . 1 j - fl - j j t j ! . j j de-sii- e j ham-Palace- e . " 1 s per-lup- we-ha- Ix-e- n ( - ' 1 , .r de-legatio- . . . . was-significa- - - weli-bein- -- g, . . 1 i . 1 . . 1 . I -' i a.. i. 