the result to V- attained that in the end led to the accomplishment of that result. Decthe abolition of slavery the sentiades ment Vas spreading abroad 'against it, and the time came and behold.! slay- 1 cry was at an cuu. .'p-- t"1- i'1.1: " -fnror of ware-- ma v unread.--- a nd continue spreading until at length the desired end omes. It has been- said that the movement is premature; that the time for' it is I not ripe; but. with this' I cannot agree. feel with the old gentleman who arrived ten minutes before his train left, "There's uot a mite too much.'" Held'sbaud gave a selection, and then Dr. K. V. Silver read a set of resolutions prepared by the Woman's International Peace Committee, endorsing the 'peace movement, K. Mrs. of motion and, on the resolutions were adopted by a unanimous rising vote. j l4rc , t at-lengt- - " -- - - 1 - FRANK 15. ls, STEVENS. Frank B. Stevens quoted at some length from an oration on "Peace" by Senator Charles Sumner, delivered on Boston. Com moui July 4, 1S45, in which the great Statesman urged upon the union its duty to take the lead in a movement in the inter"All men are ests of universal peace. monr or1css cornl;ntrvc-ItsUi6h7"lie said, "and if we must have peace we must learn, to "overcome this spirit. Until, morem over, we can learn to revere the man of peace and place him on the same pinnacle of public esteem that we place the man of war, the day of universal peace will be delayed. But the best omen of the success project now is that it has been so en- of-th- e thusiastically taken up by the women all over the world. If women had bqeii as far advanced years ago as they now are, we should not have had to wait until now for the era of universal peace the world over." May Babcock Was then intro- .Miss-Mau- original noem by Mrs. Kydia I). Alder, titled "The Day of Peace'." en- BISHOP WHITNEY. n , K rarp tint Avliat ct hind it, whether it be, the shrewd political ous autocrat maneuvering ofiin-mbltito seekinggain time in order to better subserve some scheme for, future conquest and I - tt-- i J rz- - . - expansion, or whether it be,' as' would believer'the pure desire of a I " fain Ch'rist- - k. chivreh - to alize the; sacred prediction s a ml antici pa- -' Be that as iUnay, it is tioi of centuries. UanlexreheM-QLtlure-- . ' Professor Goddard and Mr.- - Peterson then "Recessional. sang Rudyard Kipling's TTM I fc- -6 - R4C H AUUS PEACE MEETING, AFTON, WYOMING. Meeting was called to order by President Kittie K. Dixon. Singing "Bvhold the mountains of the Lord," etc. Prayer Lv Johanna Counselor Cook, Singing "Sweet is Thy work." etc. .President .l)ixcJhejijaiiiiounced that P.ldu-jUrtthe principle of arbitration' would explain ' .KldeC Burton said that the ladies t world over were making their influence felt in favor of the great peace i::overa-We all should' always be on the siJe of' peace. War has leen a curse to the human race, bringing suffering and harrow to many a home, and if arbitration could take the place of war in the settlement of dift. culties arising between nations, it would be a step towards the raillenium. ' President Dixon said that she endorsed the remarks of Klder Burton" that she was on the side of peace. Sister Annie R. Kenington said that she was one with her sisters in the cause of . . o -- was the next "The peace question speaker. She said: is one of the most important problems that this generation has met. Whenever it is bettled finally, the world will, .look to America to take' a part, and an active one. Years ago much was said about an international tribunal for the arbitration of mat ters that involved the great nations of the world. The indecision of the advocates ot this plan lay in the fact that tiiey were not should be conducted. agreed as to how casestribunal-woulinsure A permanent mixed fairness, but this is not exactly the .idea of those who see the necessity cf forming a There is an old. saying a definite plan. peace. that Jesus by disarming Peter, disarmed Counselor Burton said that much could ' I am one cf those time. all for world the be said on the subject of peace. That the when far distant is not time the who hope Gospel taught us very differently from war, the case." be will this dissension and strife. " Sister Harmon said that she felt like GHOKGE M. CANNON. being one with the rest in offering up her for the influence of pence- to tak;-t"War is horrible, prayers bv Governor Wells. place of war and strife, which seemed to would war or worse are but there things have taken hold of the human family. we evil the eradicate To all. at exist uot Sister Harriet Cazier said that she was reThe the root." at strike speaker must certainly for peace. Said she thought that, often so sentiment the ferred Jo expressed the Lord had put into the mind of the "One country, may Czar to move in the interests of peace. by loyal Americans, she ever be right, but right or wrong, one Sister Child said that her constant prayer this his in said that and opinion country," had been for peace. She hoped the Lord is not a platform on which a man can stand, would bless the efforts made for. peace. "If we would have permanent peace, we Sister Roberts said that this peace movmust teach peace to our children. We ement brought to mind a quotation, "Blessed must insist that they, draw the line be- are the peace makers." ,She felt like matween , legitimate and illegitimate sport, king an effort for peace .with the rest. and make them understand that they are Sister Mary Peterson said that she felt not to enter a conflict where they will in- lile those of her sisters who Had spoken jure their opponents. If we are to have before that peace was her desire. permanent peace, let us remember the Klder Jensen said he felt like the sisters words of our first president, 'hold out the who had expressed, themselves in favor of hand of friendship to all.' By this plan we can hold our place among the nations. peace. Sister A. J. Call said she feit like adding And in conclusion I will leave, with you a her mite with the rest of her sisters. Asked better sentiment than the oft quoted one the cf blessings of God upon this effort above: 'Our country, may she ever be victorious, but' that she ma' let her always p?ace. Sister Anderson said her feelings were be right.' " the same as the other sisters had expressed MRS. MARY A. FREEZE. themselves; that her prayers wre in behalf of peace. Mrs. Mary A. Freeze was the last speak felt like er. She made a very few remarks in which J Sister Isabel Call said that she she said she felt that we, as Christians, adding her mite in the cause of peace. bis Klder Moffat said he felt like adding ought to do all in our power to help on the cause of peace. "Women are opposed to mite and prayers with those of the previous war," declared the- speaker. "They are speakers. fViAn railed a vote, TVvnn unwilling to give up their dear ones, v So in behalf of all the women of the. world, which was unanimous in favor of peace. Klder Burton said that some of the sisters who are assembled in the interests of peace, had carried the idea that they could do but I say: All hail, peace conference." Mrs. E. B. Wells offered a vote little in the cause, that probably wecouW of au of thanks to all who had assisted the' wonot, standing alone, but the ladies a men in the work of arranging a peace the civilized nations united would have Her motion included those who great influence in the supportof arbitration. meeting. assisted with the music, Held's band, whoso Singing, "The time is nigh' etc. hv 1nrv M nffat. services had 'been donated for the occasion, all committees who had worked for the Alice A. Gardner, Asst. Sec. cause, and especiallyjthe press of the city. . May 15, 1899. 7s7VellscTeferred tothe fact that in seven Other cities of the State the citizens' had assembled for the sarne purpose, and The Minister of Education of Saxcn)'j deplored; the fact that America harl nf Germany, issued a decree on May 3r e hereafter all girls and young womeu a a ' The meeting closed with the singing of ing the public schools at Saxony shall America oy tiie entire, audience. I ; card corsets, Mrs. Kmilv S. Richards Rt - .(torwe..vr.--Cannon-Avas-uextiutrodLice- d - he -- 1 Bishop Whitney, who followed, started with a quotation from Tennyson, contain-iug-- a prediction of universal peace. " He said the poet was not the first to make such a prophecy. The prophets of Israel, he declared, foresaw and proclaimed such an advent in lofty and sublimelauguage. Bishop Whitney said the church militant had The most something to answer for. Christianized natives had rushed against each other, for War and couquest. The. civil war was cited as another example. The speaker thought peace could purify as 'well as war, and that there must come a time when all will sing with Richelieu: "Take away the sword; states can be saved without it.' Continuing he said: "One may be pardoned for thinking, for hoping that that, time has already come, when he hears that the Czar of all the Rus- sias has submitted to the powers of the eartu a proposition tor universal disarma- - - riitit- if move in the right direction. All's one, God be in it for man's salvation." A quintette consisting of Miss Lennie Savage, Miss Kdna Dwyer, George Pyper, a - - . , ; ' lgnrjhribnolpea -- . . : 