WOMAN'S- The have had a delightful voyage. sailors were extremely obliging, striving to do little acts of kindness to attract our attention".. With the lQr fellows- a Our' cabin was kind word U appreciated. large, built on purpose for our accommoI had never Mlpposed I should be dation. sick on the water, but on the contrary I was I could .not endure the first one taken. the confined air in the cabin. In the morn- ing my bed was made on deck for the day. Not a mouthful could I eat except when "lyini' down. ' It seemed like raising the dead to get out of my berth and .dress myself, yet when I found my life depended upon it, I could accomplish it by'a powerNo dread to me was like that ful exertion. of being, buried in the sea. At times when I felt like I could close, my eyes and drop out of existence, the tiiqught that they would bury me beneath the billowing waves that dashed and foamed against the bulwarks of .the grand old brig, would in aii instant arouse me to a desperate exertion to go on deck. And well did it hapjMjn for me; my two eldest daughters are natural sailors, only for a day or two did they complain at all, could walk the deck .when the ship was reeling to and fio. Kllen was at tentive and faithful during: the whole voy'days. Day after day I age of thirty-fivlay on the deck?-- ' my bones aching, on my hard bed,, bewailing my sad late, that I must be forever traveling ov'er the world Sometimes I was without my companion. able to read, which was a solace and com-foiMy secret prayer was to be preserved fiom a watery grave. When the cry of porpoise or skipjack was heard, I would call for some one to lift me up and let me cling to the bulwarks, that I might feast my eyes on the wonders of the times 1 would nearmighty deep. ly forget my weakness. I wished continu ally for excitement. Seasickness, how horrible I always dying, and yet you live .'"The whole company were sick, no one felt like praying and administering to his fellows. I longed to hear prayers, and when at length the Klders resolved to perform that duty, and lay on hands to rebuke the disease, we felt relieved and our hearts were comforted. I had been severely tried because the Klcers did not officiate in religious duties on board the vessel. They feared an excitement, knowing the officers were infidel in their views. The apology did not satisfy me. I kept silence, even from good words, but it was pain and grief to me. The captain knew we were missionaries. There were some persons among us who were disposed to carry tales from one to another, a principle so detestable that any lover of peace should spurn it as he would a venomous serpent. coiu-nio- n - e t. At-suc-h i - those who were spoke comforting words to Said it was the duty oi every in trouble. member. to sustain tho.se who were piaccd over them; noT only, by donations, but by attending our being present lound duties, that we might always .be f:v.f..i v(n.i'-.,.? hf. ii nHf il as a- 'band oi sifters,. laituiui ever striving. to go onwaid and upward that when we were tlirougn wiur nnu we could say. "I have fought the tigtil finished the work Thou hast set me to do. Sister L. J. arrcAvs a.sked God to give her strength to fight against all weaues.es that flesh is heir to. Made some excellent remarks on the 'training ot children, and would sfoke of the benefits our children receive if we wuld always set them a good example; for by so doing we were laying neither up treasures in heaven, "where moth nor 'rust could corrupt." Sister Allred related some of her past exto periences, and spoke comforting words our beloved president, who was bowed down with grief through the death of her lovely babe. Presidents. A. Cordon said if it were not for her faith and hope in the Gospel her troubles would be more than she could bear. She knew if she were worth' she would receive' her child again, and that was a great comfort to her. Sister Fanry Cellers sweetly and patheti cally sang "Afihcted Saints'' Sister hleanor Homer olfered up a prayer for the special benefit of the bereaved sister. She afterwards gavesomegood instruc tions: suggested that the Relief Society set two sisters apart to' visit the Primary Asso ciation every two weeks. S. F. Saxton bore her testimony, and de sired to be ever ready to help to roll the Said the Sa:..s the hw of tithing. plainly shown the necessity of ib. observ. tj" auce, and the blessings to' be enj those who are honest, with the L';rd, re and had had seen.its beginning, euUvored thfrom .that it until to olerve day present and knew there was great satisfaction ja Everything, we assess should t doing. wf-r- ' . . ;; . work, along. Meetinir was adjourned for two weeks. Singing, "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning." Benediction by Jerusha Allred. LlyEANOK liOMKR. REAR LAKE STAKE. titled. . Invoked heaven's e blessin-- s upon the Saints. Sister F". S. Richards had very much desired that in Apostle Richards' remarks be would direct a few words to the sisters. Said: "Though there are many of the brethren who are willing to aid us, (here are none more willing to labor" with and encourage us than is he." Spoke of the great influence our sisters have among ladies who do not belong to our Church. We mothers and daughters should care more for our bodies; we should have a proper understanding of physical laws. Ve should understand the training of children, the most important work we have. Emphasized the great necess:fy 'of young ladies attending Relief Society meetings, and thus be benefited by the experience of our older sisters, arid'1 partake of the holy influence we feel in mingling together... President Wm, Budge wasf exceedingly pleased to hear the law of tithing discoursed upon by Apostle Richards; the Saints netd .awakening to its importance. One tenth of all we possess belongs to the Lord, and if we keep it we are robbing Him. Now is a time for a more full development of our spiritual nature. "May God bless and help us to carry out that which we know to be true; which I ask in Jesus . -- name." The choir sang "The song of the redeemed." Benediction by President James . H. Hart. Afternoon session was called to order at After 1:40 p. m. by President Lindsay. the usual devotional exercises the verbal reports were given as follows: Paris 1st ward, President Jane Stucki; Paris 2nd ward, President Ashley; Ovid, President Jensen; Lanark, President Par- Minutes of the conference of the Relief Society of Pear Lake Stake, held in the ker; Liberty, Counselor Nora Austin. Paris Tabernacle, Sunday June nth, 1899. President Lindsay called for a report to called was order a. at m. Meeting from North Liberty; stated that the society 9:30 The choir by President Julia Lindsay. been organized there would be havingjust and congregation sang, "Our God We raise particular to report. to Thee." Prayer by President' William nothing Bern was reported by President Kunz; beams the sacred Budge. Singing, "Softly Bennington, President Vanorman; Roll called: Stake officers dawning." President Hoganson; Wardboro, present, six; Society officers, ten. Counselor President Sparks;' President Lindsay said that words failed Thomas Kutch; Dingle, Fork, President Dalton; to express the gratitude of her heart on this President Patterson; St. Charles, occasion when we are permitted to meet Fish Haven, Counselor ; Secretary SrYoung; under such favorable circumstances and societies not reported. have with" us Apostle Franklin D. Richards, Stock; six President Lindsay said it would be folly Sisters Jane S. Richards and F. S. Richfor her to occupy the time, when we Have To be continued, .". ards. with us the sisters who have come iroia a Apostle Richards said: "The sisters distance to yisit us, as we are all desirous R. S. REPORTS. have requested me to occupy the time'this "of hearing from them. " You are all aware which I will do cheerfully. T of the death of our beloved sister and ray morning, RIGBY WAHD. shall have- - to leave your before it counselor, Elizabeth Collings, with whom . Minutes of the Rigby ward Relief Soci- closesin order to fill an meeting labored without a jar for years. It is appointment in iSnn ety, conference iTeld A wit on - l .wyy. Salt Lake City tomorrow. tI My" feelings necessary for me to have another counselor . he. meeting : was presided over by have been touched by the kindness which to assist me." Counselor Kleanqr Homer. Commenced has been shown us since we have been It was then moved, seconded and earned by singing,:- "0, give me back my prophet here, and I rejoice in mingling with that Sister L. M. Hart act as first counselor . dear." Prayer by Sister Fanny Cellers. you. This gloriousgreatly work was commenced-b- in place of Sister Collings; also that Sister Continued by 'singing We thank Thep the in boy Joseph 1820; he acconiDlished T?r11 Mary Bagley 'act as second counselor. AJlJod. or n nrnnheK" .. f aim a great deal from then until 1844 The Sister Jane S. Richards cbmplimte(i minutes of the previous meeting real! and Saints to wjll Jackson "" when certain the sisters on their interesting and brief go Co., accepted. things have been accomplished. When Smtrr ulA .U were given in a businesslike mnv (Vlldrs oin-.i. they nuc ...... natiL-" - - -h ....... v;is " IhepmpejUiiiiemesHb Ihahner. We shall have much joy 'ane u leet With the Samts. kit hm the way before us." :. satisfaction in our old age if we are alwaysof God was with us, gave good counsel and The 'speaker then d welt at leng th upon kind to .one another, and in every way pos" . . Mont-pelie- r, Bloom-ingto- n, ' - ' . " - . -- , -- -- v.. -- . - 4 y 4 r.-- re-port- ' . . X s; -- 