from the beginning know of the societies, .practical Jacts as they exisXiiL.xt!i rltn a of which, perchance, 'comparative"- little literary as well as charitable organized at Woman's Exponent P.f.fELSE Editor. WELLS, D. - Pubhvd se:ni-mo:ith- tke l,' , j y rti-iP- - n.-r- Tern-pie- s KxroSKNT ortice, Room 208 Templeton, South m. every to a. From in. 5 hours p. io Street. Huincsi iliy.exct-p- Sunday. t - Address all business communications to " . PUBLISHER WOMAN'S KXI'ONKNT,. -- Salt Lake City, Utah. . Ofict in Silt Lait City, Uuk, at Pst Entirtd at tht m.ititt. teconJ-d.is- s Salt Lakk Citv May 15. 189$. A, HOPEFUL OUTLOOK. This issue of the paper closes the twenty-sevent- h volume of the Woman's Exponent, established June 1,1872. One eaii hardly realize how few women's papers there were at that time, the New North West published in Portland, Oregon, was the first west of the Mississippi river, and only very few had made their advent in the EasteYn cities. The Goldefflhwh in San Francisco appeared about the same time as the ""Exponent," but both the New North West ami the Golden Dawn were discontinued long since. . At the present time there are many women's papers and magazines in thcUnited Mates so it lias ceased to be a novelty, ana they are now an important part of the newspaper world..-Here in Utah we 'have two, one 2 semimonthly, the other a monthly magazine. The Review which was voted as the organ of Utah clubs flourished for a while and was very popular, but has been discontinued. We will. not weary our readers with details of newspaper work, its pleasures and discouragements, but only remind them that a new volume will commence with June 1st, and that the paper will appear in an entirely new dress, and it is ardently hoped that the women of U tah will feel it needs their support financially and in other ways; by creating public sentiment in favor of sustaining it among women, especially those connected with the Relief Society of which the 'Exponent" really is the official organ. Presidents of the Relief Society every vmtit anutuu mah.c uu CA.ua 'tAtJ iivju iu make the paper popular, and authorized agents try to increase their list of paid up subscribers. The editor has been urged to furnish ji complete Gle of the "Exponent," the twenty-sevevolumes bound in blue moroc-c- a with gilt lettering, for theJWorld's in Paris,, and considering0 the -in. t in terest tht; two books sent to Amsterdam last year (containing four volumes) it would seem of sufficient consequence to exhibit the literary work- - o f -- Western --women" in the early days of Utah, when it was thought everything was too crude for more than ordinary domestic occupations. Even now one can read now and then of the terrible Ignorance that- prevailed here until recent years. V y - . ? " -- - n Ex-Dositi- j LiThbse of tiS very early period, and the poems and essays and as creditable in were as style as those that are current nowadays. The jKiople who settled these valleys were not ignorant, and did net need missionaries sent here to be supported by Christian churches in the East; they were ' themselves Christians' and not heathens and capable of teaching, not only schools, but the Scriptures as tnught by the Savior If the women of Utah and His disciples. do not wish to be- misrepresented iu these resects they should represent themselves through their own publications. Maintain their own periodicals and circulate them outside among the people of the world, and especially among the branches of the Church and of the Relief Society in places remote from Zion, where they are anxious to know how to' conduct and carry on their own organizations in harmony with the order maintained throughout the entire society. It is not unlikely that this coming season will be a prosperous one and at any rate it is the duty of all the Latter-cTa"Saints to prophesy good for Ziou, and to strive to have the prophecies fulfilled. When Zion prospers all is well, and as the women are a large part of Zion ;it is only natural to suppose their affairs will prosper, and if they are diligent and persevering the legitimate labors in which they engage will succeed, and let us believe the. "Ex ponent" will double its subscription during the new year about to begin. high-tone- d in Salt City, Utah. six one months, one copy one TVrnjs: yr.tr, i.oo; eojy 4eliv-trc- d N-clubs. lor ictiun City p.tpors nu'ie rcJ 5,5 btjajlrtxUiL-iQpo;LiC .onj yc.ir, 25 A lv j rates: F.a'.h square, ten lines of nonprjril' rnmnnlh. (l OO. A liberal dlStiriK. r i'ar .ilvertiiors. c J.int - EXPONENT, WOMAN'S US ;wdio-h- av on ! THE PEACE CONFERENCE. Notwithstanding- the Czar of Russia's call, for a conference of all nations at The Hague to consider peace measures was ridiculed in the first instance, there seems to be a widely awakened sentiment now in favor of it and. great men and statesmen are expressing, their views upon the subject more and more favorably. The man who is to preside, at "this Peace Conference is the Russian ambassador at London. He is spoken of as a veteran statesman and diplomat, his countenance is calm and gracious; judging from pictures in magazines one could easily imagine him suitable to take charge of a gathering of the nations representatives. Professor Martaens who is also to participate is said to be "the greatest living authority on international law." The British delegation at this Conference is to be headed by Sir Julian Pauneeforte, who for years filled the position of ambassador from Great Britain to this country M. Leon. Burgeois, formerly prime minister of France, will head the French delegation, he is reported to be '"one of the most eminent and scholarly men of contemporary' French Count Menster has been named as the principal delegate from Germany; Professor SteuZel is another of the German delegation, he has been severely criticised in Russia and othejcquutries for de " having r :. militarism. ; peirlled I There can be no doubt of the eminence and strength of the men great who will compose the Conference, and whether any pacific measures or methods are decided upon or not the world will have been, - . -- - ls known in the United States The Peace Conference will be s X'thi to remember in the future yean: havj occurred at the close of the xiineUc-ruetif has1 .been marked by tury, which tlr of greatest progress enlightens "t'alon' 6fcrtativer 7ientii7' manyifnot-alHine- s and inventive genius.. .:. The whole world of mankind, r it were will be looking on and watching tj';ij actj0,J of this" great international commitu-c- whirj'j really must produce an effect um the" opinions and sentiments of the" most truly , . sensitive and most magnanimous minds of .' the age. The International Peace .Union some years ago has been steacKly growing among the people here and ia Conferences have been held other lands. in Berne. in Budapest and in Belgium, xr. ' Several indies 'from haps in other places. - tbtab-lishe- the United States have been appointed delegates to these Conferences, and much good literature has been sent out by the Union, which has been steadily growing in numerical strength and in popular In Philadelphia- there is quite a flourishing society, Rev. Amanda Deyo is She represented the sociely at president. the National Council in Washington last The Universal Peace Union, winter. which is the name of the society in the' United States, is affiliated with the Nation-aCouncil, and through that connection the. writer became" somewhat acquainted with the work and objects of the society. Belva A. Lockwood is one of its ardent representatives and an indefatigable worker along these lines, also Mary Frost Orrasby. ' Both women have been for years engaged in many branches of reform work. The agitation of this subject, peace and . semi-men- l international arbitration and gradual dia sent- sarmament, will, necessarily create iment in favor of belter means of adjus- of difficulties, and if no great chaage is effected immediately public opinion will be ventilated will come to an understanding of the matter on general principles, and in time will choose the better way adhering more closely to the Golden tment and-peopl- e - Rule. All these awakenings that come from time to time are helpful, and with such meetings held in all lands "as are being held here in Utah, knowledge of the great Work of the Czar and the nation's representatives is sure to be' diffused through th daily press aud from the pulpit, aud it cannot fail to produce good seed that will spring up, and eventually . the world will bepome more inclined to peaceful solutions of all the great : problems of the universe. At' any rate the Peace Conference is a hopeful indication to .those who are lookingof for the dawn of a better day, prophesied by the immortal Tennyson in that memorable poem, "Locksley Hall," . "A Parliament of nation, The Federation of the world.."" DR. TALM AGE'S NEW.BOOK. -- :. ; t. - , j d The Articles of Faith"; is the title of a book of 490 pages recently, issued from the Desefet News establishment. The book is by Dr, James E. Talinage and was written by .appointment and published by ' ..Church-j)- f -- lesusChrist .p&kittex-jiayJ- g' It is a series of lectures oh the principal 