ANNIVERSARY. CELEBRATIONS. . , WOOD KIV'KR, IDAHO. The people of Little Wood River, Idaho, (Bishop Harris' ward) had a very pleasant , reunion on March -- 17th, -- to- celebrate, the organization of the Relief Society Mrs". Meeting openedVvith" prayer by Address of Elizabeth Howard, counselor. welcome was given ; by Relief Society president, Mrs. Annie Pettigrew. The Bishop and others in the ward helped to make this entertainment a success. The program consisted of .songs, recitations, bounti-fu- l music, readings, speeches, etc. A Repast was served to those present. After.an enjoyable time the company was dismissed with prayer by Mrs. Maiy S. Phippen, counselor. A party for the children was given the next day. - . Amanda M. Guivek. ANNIVHRSAkV CELEBRATION IN ENGLAND. The sisters of this (the Nottingham, Eng- land) Relief Society, held in honor the anniversary of the organization of the same, on Monday night, March 20, 1899, at the president's, Sister Hanson's, house. The society was well represented, there were eleven of the sisters present, Elders, President Gep. Ruff, Joshua Coombs and Alfred L. Cole; also several of the sisters' husbands were present. Supper commenced at 8 p. m.7 and we all partook heartily of the good ' things spread before us. After supper there were songs and recitations, also speeches given by the sisters. The Elders also spoke to us and gave us some very good advice, and encouraged us in the work in which we are engaged, for they knew it to be a noble work. The young sisters present were especially requested to be obedient to their parents, and to have charity one towards another and to be in love'and unity with all the Saints, for where there is union there is strength. The meeting was then brought to a close by singing the hymn "O my Father." The benediction was pronounced by Elder Joshua Coombs. Edith Caele, MARCH , . EXPONENT WOMAN S 129 I7TII, AT AFTON, Sec. WYOMING. Fifty seven years ago today our beloved prophet, Joseph Smith, organized a society known as the Relief Society, to relieve the sick, care for the. poor and comfort those who mourn. At that time though few in number they were a sturdy bind of sisters, and have since continued to grow. Today we meet to celebrate the anniver- sary of that day and to speak of those who were thus engaged, for in our hearts there burns a fire which will never be quenched, a reverence for the Pioneers which will never cease. At 10 o'clock begah our exercises. Opened by a beautiful 'speech by our amiable president, Harriet Cazier, on the organization, followed by a lecture on Health by Stake President Kittie E. Dixon, also a speech on Woman's Rights by Counselor Mary Gardner, "and the beautiful song, "Mother I have heard Sweet Music," by the Hurd sisters, and many other beautiful songs, music, speeches, dialogues and Much praise must be given the readings. sisters for the ability shown by them young . thfc the. morning's exercises, after , which remainder of the program was rendered. The Stake Presidency, George Osmond, CaziWm. W. Burton and Patriarch C, D. showed they er, wjth their smiling faces were pleased to be in such good society. a At night in the Opera House was given old met and grand ball. .Young and trTPilirglirm . small hours of the morn. the It is such events as these that make feel sisters who toil for the good of others that life, is worth living, and make them ' ' glad they have lived. . " Annieheixk Hill, Sec. MARCH 17TH AT FREEDOM. A little space in your valuable paper will suffice to tell of our Relief Society, and its earnest workers. ' Our village is small, . .having but about twenty families, audwe know how to appreciate our meetings. A little over a year ago President Mary A.Hyde, with others of our good sisters visited us and organized oil r society, with Sister Fanny E. Brown, president; Sisters Florence Lowry and Nellie Draper, counselors; Sister Elnora H. Taylor, secretary. Having no Y. L. M. I. A. our young ladies were asked to take part and help at all times, which they have willingly done. Our meetings are held e7ery two weeks, with a fairly good attendance under trying conditions, such as bad weather and living at distances from our place of gathering. The teachers meet with greit success, and liberal donations are given in. We have finished one quilt and sold it, which brought us something over five dollars.' Since our organization we have been visited once by Sister A. L. Cox of Manti, and one of her aids. On the 17th of 'March we celebrated the organization of the society by Joseph Smith in 1842. Meeting' was called to or-- , der by President branny F. Brown. Singing, "Gladly meeting," after which Brother Wm. Lowry, our Bishop's counselor, offered prayer. Singing, "Love at Home." A splendid program was rendered in the way of speeches, songs, instrumental music and readings. Tne most important feature of the program was a reading by Sister Hannah Crompton, who is now in her 84th year and who read in such a clear and distinct voice that every one in the house wras able to catch every word. After the program was ended came our bounteous spread, which was enjoyed by all. Your sister in the Gospel Minnie' Taylor. ' nineteenth ward anniversary. The 17th day of March will ever be a memorable one in the history of the 'Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints. More esneciallv so to the sisters , hfm u iuij date seven y , 1 fifty years ago President Joseph Smith organized this Relief great Society, which has become so important a factor through all the Stakes and 'W of the Church, in relieving the wants of the poor ana neeay, and in administering comfort and solace to the sick and afflicted. With the annual recurrence of the will return the commemoration of the day organization by the gathering of the ladies in the various places of worship, to celebrate in the most fitting manner the inrentirm nf ti,Q in preparing a luxurious feast ready, for first, if not the .greatest auxiliary help in those present to partake of atxthe close of the government of the Church. ' What en 1 . , thusiastic joy must fill the soul' cf every true and zealous woman, in the Church when she contemplates that from one small society organized in Nauvoo, March 17th 1842, there has grown to be one or more in every ward of forty Stakes of Zion, and in nearly every branch of the Ch urch 'that has It can truthfully be said been organized. that the Relief corr with the of the Church growth as responds a whole, or with any of its institutions, and has become a potent factor for tbe Church has an organization. This, day, March 17, 1899, we are happy to report, was fittingly observed by the f the of ward. The 19th sisters Society of the ward were in attendance, and in ad. dition we were, favored with the presence of Apostle M;. F. Cowley, Bishop Birtouand counselors, and Brother Wm. Neal and wife, who have recently returned from a mission to Germany. . ' Society-developm- ent good-whereve- r . He-lie- ii.. cl 1 nn E. Neal made appropriate remarks. - Sister Rebecca Asper gave a historical sketch of the organization of the first Relief Society, with Emma Smith, wife of the Prophet Joseph, as the president. Sister Hollings gavea recitation entitled 'The Sister Prescott read an King's Dream." essay, giving many choice incidents in the life of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Sister Hattie B. Harker gave a select reading entitled "Woman's Mission." Sister Phelps, the oldest member of the Relief Society in the ward, spoke of the grand mission given the sisters to perform, and the necessity of having the Spirit of God to assist them. Sister Lucy 13. Young then related in a pleasing manner her visit to Washington to attend the National Council of Women. Apostle Cowley then addressed the society, expressing his pleasure at being present and his unreserved sympathy for the work and mission assigned to the wo-- , men of this Church. He stated that no class of women in the world moved in so broad a sphere, and were accomplishing such a grand mission as were the women of this Church. Their condition was such as to make it imperative upon them to under stand the principles of the Gospel' was now afforded; under certain circumstances for some of our sisters to perform missions abroad. Several had done so with good effect, their influence being strongly felt in the removal of prejudice, and enlightening the minds of both men and women respecting our religion and social characteristics. He commended the faith ui iiic Mijicrs in ineir enorts to aeieai ine resolution at Washington, and said that as the effectual, fervent.prayer of a dent . - Oppor-tunit- y anti-Robert- s fervent prayer of a righteous woman ascend to God. Brother Cowley bore his testimony to the good work being accomplished by the sisters and invoked the blessing of the Lord upon them. effectual, Bishop Barton made some very timely and fatherly . remarks, expressing his pleasure at being present. v He felt to give the sisters of the ward his hearty support. Benediction was pronounced by President Wm. Neal, after which refreshments were served 'and pleasant, social conversation was engaged in by all " ' ; present. Hattie B. r Harker, Sec... The General Society Daughters of the' Revolution has , donated 50.00. to the; Prison Ship Martyrs' Monument &ssoci-- : ' ation of the United States. M .0 - 