v woman's kximjnknt. 50 w - K- r- l er hgtsTully cTo t ffeT as" a in an f nre lent a new grace to the garb, and she She clipped her 'seemed a comely youth, thick black curls closely "to her head, and placed on it a soft hat, which she had bought the day before, and thus equipped Her way seemed she breathed freer. mapjed oilt for her, straight to the Allien-cacamp, some miles distant. Before' proceeding, she gathered some dry branches and made a fire, heaping "her clothes upon it, and, setting a light to ,it, waited until These she they were reduced to ashes.covered with earth, and one more set ''if. The day was well on when she paused at 'the outposts. The sentinel eyed her curi- ously, but the fire in her brown eyes shot stiaight into his own and awakened a resoul, sponsive chord in this weather-beate"I've come to enlist," Deborah annotmced; her deep voice tilled the place for a boy's readily. "Well, an' yer have. I'm glad on it, He led yoiing man. Come this way !" her' through the ranks straight to Colonel Patterson. lie looked pleasui when he saw Deborah. There was a curious mtenseness and vigor about her, which people felt, and she generally won her point. Her smile was the siin- niest the Colonel had ever seen, as she doffed her hat and made known her errand.' He studied her attentively. "Ves, you're just the boy I need," laying bis hand on her shoulder. She shrank away, but overcame her embarrass ment instantly. "You shall be with me for a while. J want a young fellow to run errands to different places along the lines. You shall fill that position, and be mustered in at the same time. We shall have leave oi absence soon, and I shall take you home with me, for you'll be useful there." Deborah consented readily, though she had wished for immediate'action. She was mustered into service in May, 17S1, under the name of Robert Shirt! iffe; The men called her "The Blooming Boy," because of her fair skin, and often Bobbie, to all of which she made no remonstrance. She became indispensable to the Colonel, and when his leave of absence came he took her home with him. She found herself in a comfortable. home, with little to do except a few letters to copy for the Colonel. She busied herself about the place, working in tire garden, and doing whatever came to hand. The household love to the young man, and she was grew careful to evade discover' She had begged a room to herself, aiid the Colonel gave it to her. . About this time a niece came to stay at the house,, and as ill luck would have it, she became enamored of the Wtli- ful soldier. Deborah tried every means to avert this disaster, but the girl's earnestness was not to be quelled so easily, and Deborah went to the Colonel with the story. After she told him the facts of the case, he said, "My dear. hoy,, you are needlessly alarmed, for.nothing would please me more than to have' you marry ray niece; and what reason prevents your doing so ? Try, my dear fellow, to love her.". Deborah grew white to the lips with fear and dismay. , ; "Colonel Patterson, you don't know what you ask," she said hastily!" "Think of me, sir; I am only 'a- common soldier. I ha ven ' t a cent in the world "Don't look so frightened, Rob," the mom Mf Colonel said, lauffhine.-i-. force you to 'I'm t . . i . ;- ! - "'' . . a l ' i ;- - (V-tru- de - the-hon- or -ir go' hc.s-;i- : : -- - ; " -' he-said- . . ! n -- -- -- ? n - TmthrnVUlTer. X& willingly supply the T)eToraTistear.S ceased to flm some nre miencneo luem as it no. money to start .y mi comfortably in .; eyes. K. business." "No no My country, for th'.l- ' "You are too generous, sir, but believe z God vi,f-V;,I leave heft .here, and it is well. .that better is It cannot; me,I ITobe continv.cd."at once, if, sir, your niece loves me, as she has almost told me." A hot llu.:h mounted THE ROY Xl. RED PO Deborah's The Colonel laughed still heartier. "The covrted honor of the a '.''V "My dear Rob, you're blushing like Cross has 1ecn bestowed by v.:,,' Miss 'xT-Maxwell-MKVonora ot upon "I believe I am, sir, and i m ashamed an superintendent of the IndL; Nrr it." - in the Madras Presidency. ;.!:d '"Youneed'nt be. I'd have done the Service Miss Annie Gill .Mark, super .r.denu' sune if a giri had propo.-.-- d to me. But the Army Nursing. Service, an Mis $ The you musnt think of leaving rhe. Mary Payne, of'theAr;:n Xur!" young woman .shall go f:.t." "This is searct-:- lair, nr. Xo, I shall Service. "In the case of Miss Mark and Mjs pav. The slight "fut::e .'. od erect, the go.'is in recognitiVn of t s rvi voice rang out decidedly, and the Colonel sick in the and wounded. In tending met only defiance in the handsome brown of Mis Maxwell-Mullc- r it has h C'a in rvc eyes. he said. ognition of her competency in t. d.char-(-o- f "And I say you shall not her duties and in the.care 'b. tnvtd l "You are dismissed br the present." ' Deborah saluted her superior oilier r. and training British" soldiers and'ar::,y corps attendants in nursing duties. withdrew. She huiritrily put a' few artiMi.--s Maxwell. Muller was; trtdn-:- ia the cles together, and when. the next morning came, 'Colonel Patterson's household was 'Central Hospital, Birmingham, aad afitr holding various appointments hi t!.e Rny,-astonished to- find the young soldier missScotclLNursing Institute and in the Giuriv ing. Deborah proceeded back to the American Hospital, London,, she entered the Inu!?.r. She heen::; camp, where she once more got in the ranks Nursing Service in iSSc. and in S93 v.i, deputy superintendent, as a private., She carried a.bayonet, car' woman of tcc superinUiak-iatridge box, etc. She enlisted for the whole appointed Maxwill-Mul-:Madras Miss Presidency. never before or term of the war, a o one was time a student of the Ear Morat after held by a Woman. She tilled the full also a icgir lerc She complement of a soldier's life, slept in tents tal, Glasgow. u il routine of the member of the Royal British arid went through the men. Iier mother in the meantime and her lover, David Brentou, received rumors of her dtath, or of an elopement. They deTOAST TO MRS. STANTON. cided" to make a search for her, and ended-theiThe following toast to Mrs. KliznU-tpilgrimage by going through the American camp, fearing she- might, have Cady Stanton was offered by her r.s It hap- Robert Livingston Stanton, m a Irth6y gone there to nurse the soldiers.. pened that Deborah was DUttintr on her anniversary of Gerritt Smith StaiUoi Sep." It was the custom to celebrale .coat as she caught sight of her mother and iS, 093.David Brentou being sr.own through the these occasions in Mrs. Stanton's family camps by two officers. She went inside the with toasts and original verses: tent immediately, greatly excited. Would I. Tl. She snatched up a book they know her? Here is a toat and pretended to read. k We all can Ixxtst; Presently the party passed by her tent, She's mother, sister. "A'ar.tv Lew.' and David looked in curiously. Deborah She raised us all to feet her her "In many a squall, sprang '.instantly, pulled, With the hdp of dear II. lh hat well oyer her eyes, and saluted her. superior officer. David .did not know her, II. but saw only a slender youth giving the Slic raises cake army courtesies to his officer. ..And hivad and 'sitlr.' How's everything going with you, l'hcmxJersey up to Maine; - Bobbie?" the Captain inquired. : favtrite-rai-e TT'"" But " Is i;ot fran maizev "Very well, sir, Deborah answered in a when slid-'- "raising LV:::." 'Tis scarcely audible voice. Her mother started slightly as she spoke, and looked intentlv in; at the slim figure in blue, but there was a Germany has her Hisibarelc, h short distance, bet ween them. England' Gladstone, f rH. "It seemed," she said, in the tender Poland, Kosciusko; I lung:-mother-voicAmerica had her Washing!' which went straight to the Columbia, Bolivar: girl's heart; "it seemed as if I had heard But we have got the best oi an that voice some where, sometime. , Who is Our darling, dear oldina the young soldier, sir?"' r-- IV 'V; "Robert Shirtliffe, and a fi ne young feh 1 T 1 , . j-k- s 11 -- r s- - - 1 . -- - h-- - V s . . e, , . ' low." The young fellow turned away and bent iug pver-some-writ- in 'and the'CaptShT kuow Then let us hope and ways pray That full jnany a year iv-., vrc have a vacant ehtnr . Long side the apple sass; , For search Aye may through tale ana - a-- the reticent nature of the youth, moved .' song,. away with the ether two. never find another We'll Deborah's eyes filled with tears. She so With many virtues all inenc rushed to the opening and tmperceived by As are found. in our dear Mother them, she'watched them, for a long way. Her beloved mother, eeutle. sweet ns ever' and she had let'her got ; H." PagK has resigned -a"AtoII" ib'fdruinsr sound of life, and position of editor of .the Atlantic Mom; . - : ; Mr,Vaiter - 