before a paper' mulberry tree for long time the hunching. They .mail'. it fine, blenched it to. a "snowy whiteness, then" stamped with brilliant' colors, all of home production'. Shapes-- of birds, fl nwrs and fohes 'were punted on their robes, also letters and wheels, .all of the brightest tint's, which contrasted strikingly with the white groundwork, h th male and female were dressed their robes all the same fashion, made whole, two yards in 'length, with a hole in head through. These the center to put-ththrown carelessly over their wliite dresses gave them a tasteful appearance. Early Monday morning' We were assemOfficers were bled to witness the parade. A chosen to conduct, the movements. messenger was sent before to announce their approach. There were t wo large companies, each company occupying its own They had space of ground in the dance.. no music, except their own vocal elements, so loud and clear that one might imagine himself listening to an Italian band. Their dancing .was .with.. form and older; great exactness in keeping time. To describe the different exercises, the unheard of gestures, and the scene throughout, would re quire the art of a sculptor and painter; and they would come short of a just delineall the ation. The pile of food To see provisions enough to last two hundred and fifty persons a whole week, all cooked, and laid in one huge pile, bound in bundles so thick with leaves that not a particle of air could penetrate it, no more than it can jars ot "fruit Pigs weighing more hermetrically sealed. than a hundred weight, roasted whole and tied up in the usual style, thrown on to the heap, till it looked like a haystack of leaves. When the first exercise of dancing was over, they commenced pulling at the ropes fastened to the vessel's sides, to move it towards the coral reef. . Many unsuccessful efforts were made ere it was started at all. They were obliged to take advantage of low The king's" tides, or stand in deep water. son, who was captain, stood in his place with the scarlet coat on which I had made him, and a glittering sword in his hand. It was his prerogative to give the word of command. Loud and incoherent ejaculaa signal tions, such as "(7, te, a tet for them- all to pull together. The wives of the missionaries were idle spectators. They had not as yet been invited to take hold of the ropes. an old man fastened on an e::tra rope and invited them Vre all to help pull. stepped forward and took hold of the rope with a will It so that instant the vessel moved happened at; for the first .time. Loud acclamations reabout the sounded, almost deafenings of theVzwK vahime strength wjy" (foreign For four successive women.) days it was moved a short distance each day. The labor continued till the food was all consumed; then the work was suspended to cook more. We returned to our' homes before the vessel was launched, those who could not render important service. About the middle of "May the schooner Rai'iii was brought around to the village where we lived. Great rejoicing was manifest when she was seen under full sail. She was "a mile arid a half from town. We all walked to the place and went on board; sailed around till we were opposite the town, and were taken to shored m the small boat: Pre pa rat Ion sli ad been made for a voyage to Tahiti and the Mr. Grouard was appointed cap - in-white- . -- far-exceede- other-wonders- . a" - At-leng- th ! . . Chain-Islands.- . , Sister Sarah Bateman said sire did not tain and Mr. Alexander .was first 'mater Mr. Pratt and our eldest daughter took wish to go away without bearinr hcr tJ.; We mony. oi'c aiwa s inauiced passage on board the new ship luivai. off so she. was permitted to mingle 'with t,t t'C stoodlm the beach and her.move Latter-daSaints and work in the-- TcnipV majestically, and we felt proud of her. The Sister Smelie thanU I the Ir-- i native womvn who had sons on board, gone, for their first voyage,, commenced weeping every day that, she "was brought miotic We had not "mountains this' home of refuge Said and wringing their hands. was everything to her. thought of shedding tears till we heard wail to It is their custom thus their cries: Sister Peterson believed if we .were faitK to or goes and lament when a friend dies ful" and asked our Heavenly Father for their sea. They wring their hands and tear what we' wanted, lie would grant us al lamentamost make and thr piteous hair, that is for our good. and tions. The Elders all h it the.Ul except A young sister in the congregation said He rem died to be Brother A. Hanks she was thankful she was born .and raised a missionaries. of 'the for families the company Latter-daSaint, and that she ...isa uitn-be- r on the I be to Mit, lonely, very expected of the Relief Society." contrary, we all enjoyed ourselves remark-ablAnother sifter said we should teach our well. children true principles,, and be prayerful, To W oi:thl':cd. that we .may teach them to be Sair.u, Sister Pixton said if 'we do not put our MEETING. LADIES' "testimonies to a good use. God w ill. not It The Ladies She wondered how many would Meeting conpleaded. ward hall, be ready if th: call "should come for us to go vened July 22, 1899, in the with Counselor Elizabeth Webb presiding. oiu 10- meei uie miuegroorn. it naa orstri Meeting opened by singing" All is well." tatrght to us to be prepared ever since the Prayer by Sister Sarah J. Cannon'. Condays of Xauvoo. Spoke of the rrow it is tinued by singing, "Who are these arrayed to see our children marry outsfdtrs and go in white." Minutes of previous meeting astray, as so many are doing at the present read and approved. time. Spoke of the necessity o doing the President Home came in; said she work for the dead, arid not idling our time was necessarily late. She always liked to away. !e present at the opening as all feel better to meet with the Sister Neal was when they are present to take part in the sisters and receive glad the instructions she did she and Said believed that singing prayer. here. Said she was one of the members the Lord would help any one who would when this society was first organized. Spoke make an effort, to tlo her duty. There is no of testimonies (kid gives to His tie..uviny we unless make an effortjxudo d a u gh te rs a s we1 a s 1 1 i s so n s . progression what is' required of us. We only stay here Another sister bore testimony of the a short time in this preparatory state, and we" receive blessings for what we ac- - truthx)f the work,and spoke oft of those wdio wish to do work in the Temple. complislr. Said our work in the Relief "Sister Harriet A. Badger said "she rejoiced Society is more to the poor Saints, but we to be here and meet with tlaese sisters. Felt never refuse; to do good wherever we can. time. It is our duty to know ourselves and teach we licx d..,a great deal to do in a short each our children to know there is a God, and to Knew we must learn to be kind to serve Him. Spoke of the simplicity of the other and love each other. Sister Annie T. Hvde said she wondered Gospel, arid how easily it was understood. Said she thought we all had cause to be if we realized the value of testimony. She thankful to God for His goodness to us. thought it necessary that we should all be Sister Emily Stevenson felt to rejoice in witnesses to this great work. How thankthe Gospel. She knew if we kept the com- ful the Prophet Joseph felt, r.nd how te mandments of God, we would be saved in was braced up when he had the three witnesses to support him His kingdom. . Thought it neceSister. Mair said that a great many do ssary for each to bear a testimony of the hot know that this is the church of God, Prophet Joseph to her children. but it is our duty to explain it to others. Meeting adjourned for two weeks. BenSister Wilcox bore testimony that she ediction by Counselor Elizabeth Webb., knew this was the truth', and she greatly J. S. W00U.KY, Sec. rejoiced in it. 'Sister Louie Stevenson said: "We are sent upon the earth on missions, and it is in 1S57, Lord Salisbury married "When, our duty to, bear testimony to all with 'his wife, he was plain Robert Cecil, twenty-. whom we come in contact, if they ask for ' seven imyears did, a second son, w ith no such. mediate prospect of succeeding to the Sister Butter worth felt thankful that she She was a daughter of a Judge of was one of the workers in this Church. the now extinct Court of Exchequer, Baton She had been a .busy bee in the "Hive of sharul. hut Deseret' ' for for e .years. Spoke of the a woman of great intellectual gifts as yreu duties of Latter-daSnub "U - i,o,-- Saints as personal attractiveness. The marriage 11a c the of children, the earth to teach 'the was distasteful 'to'young Cecil's father, ana got Gospel to, ourselves to save, our families to for a long time- - lie had to eke out a sea nty , raise and teacn them correct principles, and income by for newspapers, chiefi) it behooves us to be very humble and the Satin writing The death' of K day Rcviac. prayerful." Testified that there are blessings elder brother in 1865 permitted him to aattached to the observance of the Jaw of ssume the courtesy title of Lord Cranborne, tithing. and . that of his. father, in 18681,' made him. ; The congregation sang:, "The Spirit of Marnnk nf SoHcWv The lineal1:1,,, u c vjou, ikc liit: is uurmng cendant of Queen Elizabeth's Cecil, b Sister Peterson knew that Tosenh Smith has proved himself worthy of Burleigh, was a prophet of God, and she was pleased distinguished ancestor,' and is the '.foremos to be numbered among the Saints. of living British statesmen. " t!;-;0- sv rij y tfdil-slY- ? . ib-Gosp- y v ' , I SEMI-MONTHL- Y Semi-Monthl- y ith - . . 1 . -- he-dut- ies ! j 1 -- . Mar-quisat- ty-fiv- y Q 1 v- ' I i 1 rA - 1 1 .. . CvS-- e. 