WOMAN'S 110 Oman's Exponent RSI ME USE PuW-.hr- -- " n S.i'.t ir'nluu'mW.U, d rr. IVrmv .Hiec"!' '" ?3X:lS....No.rciilcti'rn m !. by m.i;I, exU.i fur R.uh Mvrtuvvz taU-sone time fi.'o. per ;j'ice r?2il ir .i.WcrtoTS. - Exi'ONKNT ctlicc. Hoora l.'vjrs Huisnf-s- s rUy, except Sund.iv. Uike City, d one year, 25 t 's. month, jin-- s fjoo A t( r.orpreil liberal South jZ Tcw.ucton,' ni. to 5 tVcm a. -- 10 in. p. dis-'cU- Trm-p!"strrr- ft t. everv s cornmur.ications to PUBLISHER. WOMAN' S KXPONKNI, oc-casi- Salt Lake City, Utah. EnitrtJ at th, P u Of.;t itconi-cla- a tnr.ritr i)aughtf:rsof the f U Ljm.t-s- Ad-Irpf- J Ilooi oae CPJ --11 months. for c!u&.- Cty papors dav-err- v.jiiire. trti Woodruff,' Sarah L Kimball,.. Mi rcy the liouo; witk.aka'tch of .her life,. but exIt Thompson, Marinda M. Tfyde, KiiaU-tjpect to publish it in the "Exponent." Howard and many others whose names will will certainly be of special interest. stand in golden letter's on the Roll of Ho:v,r For the..benefit of those not acquainted with the circumstances of the first organization and particulars, etc., we republished jn the Februarv I, 1S90, number, the minutes revolution. ".as. prepared by Sister Eliza R. Snow,, the wlio" At; the annual meeting of the Stale Sod." secretary appointed af that trine, and of the Revolution held carefully prepared .them' from the jecord ety of the Daughters for publication in the first numbers of the Friday, March 8, at e p. m. at the hand, Woman's Exponent, - June 1, and 15, JS72. some residence of Mrs. Philo T.Fanisworth We hope most sincerely that the sisters 139 K. South Temple St., this city, a the members were present will preserve these minutes and make theui large number-oa part of the record kept of the society, in and a few invited guests. The pari rs were their respective wards, that hereafter they elaborately. draped and decorated for the with red, white and blue inall may have them for reference. If the sisters would be more choice of the "ICxponcnt," places, and the dear old flag'itself was ' they might have information at hand on most conspicuous of all." Everything lie. many subjects when occasion came that tokened a gala occasion. The meeting was items were needed for use. Every society held in the libiary opening out of the should have it fcr the benefit of those who lor where flags and colors were abundant. cannot afford to take it, and eVery president Prayer was offered by Mrs. George A. should have it for. her own use,- in order Smith, one of the most distinguished Piano music, "The Star in Utah. that she may be posted on general society Spangled Banner," by Miss Olea Shipp. matters, and because of any instructions Minutes of meetings were read by. the; regiven through its columns from the presidcording secretary, . Miss Julia Faruworth, ing board. The 7th of March marks an event of also letters from the general secretary hy the corresponding secretary, Lucy W. Smith, great interest to the sisters and to all wo men, and we know why and how it is so Music by Miss Shipp, "Red White and very important an epoch in the history of Blue March." A recess was taken and the the 'world. Since that time hundreds and ladies repaired to the dining room, which f like the parlors had been draped with the perhaps 'thousands of women's organiza ' tions have sprung up on both continents, iii national colors. On the tables which were many countries and upon the islands of the artistically arranged were f sweet scented sea: some benevolent like our own. some flowers, snowy linen and dainty china, all for reform, some literary, historical, genalog- - added to the delicious menu prepared lor the delectation of the guests. 'Mrs!" Earns" ical, scientific, political and religious. All the various associations and societies worth as hostess anticipated every wish and have vast influence in the world towards the hour spent at the banquet was most deMiss EariKwortH enlightenment, refinement and culture. lightfully entertaining. Many great reforms, have been wrought was a charming toast mistress and displays! through the efforts of the women along great tactfulness in introducing each toast these lines, and what may we not expect in and original of the subjec:. the next half century of progressive work. The veterans of the Revolution were not Of the Relief Society great things will nor w ere the mothers and "Our Flag" certainly be expected, such as promoting was royally toasted. more substantially the silk industry and After the banquet, meeting was called to other like, enterprises, so as to employ a order tor the consideration of other matters large number of women and children, that and Mi.--s Shipp favored the company with a the young generation may not be allowed song, La Separazione, (Rossine) prayer by to grow up in idleness, and be a tax upon the chaplain, and an adjournment was taken the community. to the regular meeting, March 16, at 3 p.m., More houses will be built suitable for Templeton Building. to so women avoid as aged paying rent, for All, 'both members and guests, expressed be material obtained even, themselves gratified with the success of the may building without much cash, or at any rate with first annual meeting. economy in disposing of articles made at working meetings; building material may thus be. procured and work on houses paid, ABOUT THE TRIENNIAL for. This has been done already iq. some places where there has been judicious, The ladies who attended the sessions of management by those in charge of affairs. the Triennial of the National Council of WoIf the Relief Society stands, as it should,, men of the United States, in Washington, D. first of woman's organizations, there should C, in 1899, will probably never forget the be a: bureau of information with- suitable impression it has made .ani. the benefits re(not extravagant) headquarters where ceived. To those who have never been prestrangers and women from alb parts of the sent the general uplifting cannot be too greaby world might converse with the wometiof emphasized. The banding together of more the society upon such matters as pertain to than a million women' to influence the acthe welfare of humanity, and get correct complishment of great purposes must nece-h views and opinions of the work in which ssarily be a power in any given direction, the women of the Latter-da- y is not so much Saints are en individual as collective gaged. May that good time, hasten on and power and the individual speeches made, the sisters feel their labors are in the Tine however brilliant, are not the predominating of progress, and the society become in realinfluence It is the united force of the whole ity what has been expected by those who that gives such tremendous weight to the, enlaid the foundation of this organization,and tire effect. The propagation of the ideas emworked so faithfully until calledlo labor bodied in the platform of the Council express in a higher sphere In this connection, we forcibly in a few words what is e5fpected,jtfid may mention reverently Sisters Eliza R. one can judge from that what the future wi.l Siioy, Elizabeth .Ann Whitnev, Phebe be for all women who are willing to put forth . Editor. UK EES, .'I. EXPONENT, in Si.'t avail-abl- e die City, Utah, as . SMI 1KP. dl .VFtH If, 1SS9- - " OFFICIAL A NNO U NCIvM EXT. During the early part of April there will "he issued by the Deseret News 'a new Church work entitled "The Articles pf Faith,' the same being a series of lee tires on the principal doctrines of the Church of Saints, by Dr. Jesus Christ of Latter-daThe lectures were James E. Talmage. prepard hy appointment of the First Presidency, and ih.e btok will be published by, the Chuiidi. It is intended for use as- a text book m Unurcii schools, Minaay sch(x)ls, Improvement associations, rpiorums of the Priesthood and other Church organizations in which the" study of Theology is pursued, and also for individual use among the memlers of the Church. The work has been approved hy the First Presidency, and I heartily commend it to the tnemlers of ' the Church. y Lqrlnzo Snow. - wo-me- n 1 . giving-somethin- g for--gotte- n, RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. The general conference of the Relief Society will be held on Saturday April in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, tjis city, meetings commencing at 10 a. m. and 2 p. It is desirable that there should be representation from each Stake organization of the society, either the president or other officer should attend. All members of the society are cordially invited, also the Y. 8,-189- L.M.I. A. 9 and Primary Association. Zina D. II. Young. President. Janf. S. Richards; Bathshkua W, Smith, Counselors, MEMORABLE ANNIVERSARY. - The 17th of March, anniversary of the first organization of the Relief Society, will be generally observed throughout the organization in some way commemorative of that auspicious occasion, and no. doubt the sisters will try to review in some way the work accomplished ' during the fifty seven years, though very few are living now who were present then. (July one recall we can this at that present moment, that one is Sister Bathshebi W; Smith, who was at that time not quite twenty years oldr The assistant secretary appointed on that occasion. Sister Phebe M. Wheeler, has died during the last few months at BountL ful at a great age; we have not yet received f - -- - 