the water as to.ruin they choseso divert which owes its life to the whole 01 Egypt, rviirl overflow and to irrigation. kill. "Although the Mahdi himself died in June 1885, the movement he had originated By the end of .'suffered no .check. .. U-t-n " in-- ' corn-pitte- I . . half, agriculture and trade destroyed and the country desolated. Happier and more prosperc us times may now be looked for. There seems to be nothing Ju. the way now of Cecil Rhodes great project of building a through railroad from Capetown to Cairo. Kitchener is unmarried and will have no He is a strict mairied officers under him. disciplinarian, of impassive countenance. And while his manners do not win the love of his men, he has their profoundest respect He is described and sincerest admiration. as quiet but clever, and perhaps his severe life and strict necessities have made him At all events apparently cold and stern. he is a .great general and the pride of the ' British people. After the victory in the Soudan, Kitchen er visited England accompanied by some of his English and Egyptian officers. They were received, with unbounded enthusiasm, being banqueted and toasted and in a general way made to feel the great esteem and appreciation in which they were held. , E. S. W. . d " . Relief Society at its reorganization after th move South, Sister Home being chosen a ht and-steppe- I became identified with tbe having previously' ,aua 11,: Tfwii offnir threatened strained. president, W. Sister'Phebe to Woodruff. selor nVelj time" between England and relations for-remember how unassuming and gentle she France;- But the French now disclaim it .seemed in conducting the affairs of as anything but a private exploring party? always the society, yet firm in all her ways, but that .there was no disposition in any quarter never any arrogance so characteristic of to oppose the further advance cf the Eng. some. do not forget how she would ' lish. And it is further stated that when tercede',1 with Jthe sisters to do their duty and Kitchener arrived at Fashoda he found laid plans, and persevered in having the seven or Major Marchand the're with only of native society hall built there; that being eight white men and a handful paid for and dedicated, how she again Africans. for the building of a granary. It has leen estimated that the victory 0! planned counseled each society to President the United States over Spain resulted in the build a hallYoung and a granary as soon asprac-tiable- . material improvement of S, 000,000 people in She did not procrastinate but the Phillipities, and 2,000,000 or more in called on the brethren to assist and they re- the West Indies. Kitchener's splendid .expedition brought sponded. That being accomplished, paid for and dedicated, she then instructed the even greater succor and blessings to the each fall to gather donations million of human beings in Eastern Soudan. society teachers and the motherly care she le The .fanatical movement of the Mahdi's for wheat; ! resulted in the absolute closing up of one of stowed over that grain I well remember on one occasion in talk. the most prosperous regions of the whole ocAfrican continent, a region at that time ing to the sisters having so much to accomcupied by no less than 12,000,00;) people. plish how she,1 plead with them saying, This population was reduced to about one "Sisters, this is not my society, but pur that year Mahdism reigned supreme, And even the throughout the Soudan.'.' southern' part of Egypt fell under' that power. But. soon dissensions arose among The Khalifa, successor to the the Arabs. Mahdi, was a western Arab and treated the easterners with cruelty. .Things continued in a turmoil until the spring of 1898, when GeneralSirHoratibHerbertKitcbener having been put in command, he at the head of a powerful army composed of British soldiers and troops of the Khedive, completely overcame and subdued the fanatical rebels. His victory was a most brilliant one and caused the greatest rejoicing throughout the. British Umpire,, and indeed throughout the civilized world. Like many another brave British leader It is Kitchener is an Irishman by birth. said that "he is a soldier by inheritance, by He is forty-eigtraining and by instinct." years of age, tall, measuring full six feet, and with the swarthy complexion that would be but natural after years of exposure to the tropical sun. Most of his service has been in the far Kast, and he has acquired a remarkable knowledge of Mohammedan languages and tribes. This knowledge has been of great service to him at times. The following story is told as an instance: "Tvo Arab date sellers were arrested as suspected spies and confined in the guard tent. Shortly after a third Arab prisoner An was hastily bundled into the tent. animated jabbering ensured among the thret and in a few minutes, much to the astonishment of the sentry, the latest ar- - rival drew aside the doorway- out, remarking, .'All right, sentry, I'm It was Kitchener. going to the General.' Again only a few minutes , passed when an orderly hurried up and a spade was handed to the two Arabs, who were marched out- side the lines, ordered to dig their graves, and were shot. They were spies, and Kitchener had detected them." The lory of Kitchener's successful and splendid expedition consisted as much in the way the soldiers were cared for under adverse circumstances, as in the wonderful .. fighting. a Oudurman, little north of Khartoum, is the successor to that fallen city. General Gordon expressed a preference for having the capital at Oudurman, or even a little farther north on the right bank of the Nile, as the location of Khartoum was very un5 healthy and thcostrmaklrig it healthy would be very great. It was at Oudurman that the Khalefa's army met with such terrible slaughter. His men came bravely forth to meet Kitchener's troops, but owing to the machine guns-othe English the massacre was great. The number of men of the Khalifa left dead on the field has been variously estimated at ' from five to twenty thousand. In the earlier stages of Kitchener's expedition it was seriously feared that the French w;ere preparing to cut across from their holdings in western Soudan to a point on the Nile above Khartoum, at or about Fashoda, for the sake of preventing the English from going any further. "The seriousness of such a proposition can only be understood when one remembers the peculiar nature of the Nile, if the French were in full possession even at so remote a point as Fashoda, they could at any time unassuming. . SISTER HORNE'S BIRTHDAY. November 20, the 80th of our beloved and respected Stake president, Sister ML.Honier The-da- yis quite emblematic the snow coming down so" pure and white is like. what her grand life has; been. To the it was to see so large a congregation assembled at the Assembly Hall yesterday, to celebrate the birth and do honor to one wIiq has done so much good, and to listen to the remarks madeby the different speakers. It will be forty-fou- r years next month since I first met Sister Home in company at the home of President John Taylor's father, many notable persons being present; but when introduced, to Sister Home I was forcibly struck ..with her motherly appear-anc- e and kindly countenance. Having lived within a block from her from that time until , she moved from the Fourteenth ward, I have had ample opportunity to become acquainted" with her she has been a model woman thoroughly domesticated, but modest and Sunday, -- . : society." That went right, home. I felt that I was willing to do. any thing in ny power to assist that noble woman; and .many more reminiscences I might mention. Her family is an example to the community. What a Heavenly blessing! but that honored her husband, and her husband honored her. : I have always felt that this was the secret of their success. While raising her family she was content to stay at home and attend to her first duty, and treasures to the not trust those care of others. And now, behold the second " wo-ma- n God-give- n mission she has filled. , My young sisters, let us emulate her example, and let us lead our children to begin the right way, and then continue doing so. Let us teach our sons to honor their wives, our daughters to honor their hus bands, that peace and content may abide in the homes of the Saints. Oh, what a mission there is for each and all of us if we will but fill it May heaven's richest blessings rest upon Sister Home and all appertaining to her; and may the mementoes presented to her yesterday betoken her sisters' good feelings and be a comfort to her; and may she live in peace and happiness and continue her labors of love until she is satisfied with .life, is the sincere desire of oue who loves to honor her and desires to testify to her goodness, and labored with her so many ; ,,, years. E. j. s. . . 1 hav-ingkno- ' . ".very-pleasi- ng Anglo-Egyptia- n f . . To-m- e - - A German biologist has calculated that the human brain contains 300,000,000 nerve cells, 5,000,000 of which die and are succeeded by new Ones every day.' At this rate, assuming the correctness of the Ger- man's guess, we get an entirely new brain every sixty days. Medical Record. The statement by some of the daily press that the Daughters of the Revolution admit collateral descendants ol revolutionary patriots is effectually disposed of by the following extract from their constitution: Article III;, Section. 1. Qualifications. Any woman shall be eligible to .membership in- - the Daughters of the Revolution who is above the age of eighteen years, 0 ol good character, and a lineal descendant r an ancestor, who, etc. ' . ' 