66 causing him to go away that theattachment thus broken tip. The morning might that he left for nthe- - lands,' s.lu went to the These thin, river and dru ued herself. should never occur .in our day of common -- - . hen.se. -- .. But here we aie at the bottom of Farley hill, Gettingri out we 'slowly ascend the grand archway leading into the castle, almost totteriyg into decay, but, no doubt, MinnoilL-bv the luxuriant tvv. tliat is i'rowu and interwoven through and over it "all. The castle in the days of its glory must have been an immense structure. One portion stands, in which are three fire places, on as many different sides, which must have been rooms. In the upper story of this also, the ivy is One dense and twining it all around. moie entrance, which might have been a gra:.d door once, on the opposite side, is all, except poitious of walls, that is left castie. The church, a little lower down, still stands in a fair degree of preservation, being inside and beyond the castle. Euter-in(tlie guide at the door for the fee) we see more armor and helmets than I have seen anywhere else, hanging all over the' walls. It must be Norman armor, as the church is certainly Norman, and was built in the ntY century. The staiiied glass window over the altar, though somewhat worn, is not nearly so grand as those of more modern churches. While the pictures are beautiful, they aie much. smaller than any others that I have seen. On a .stand in front of the altar is an old .Bible whose letters, though English, look like some foreign characters. It is in a glass-casunder lock and key. On one of its open piges its history is briefly told in writing: j d -- ot-th- e g al-mo- .t e This is a copy of the First Ihlitiuii Duiker's folio, authorized version, and was printed in is known ;ls tlie(ireat "He" Bible, The Kdin-.t! n a 'printer's error, at. Until III, 15th verse: e went into the eitie," instead of "She went." iVe. Thi: 1). Has !e n much mutilated hv: visitors to thy huiidmg abstracting sueets and otherwise deiaciiii; it. Being in a!ihipitated condilio'n, it was In .March and is now placed miller lotk and key. re-sow- n 1 The castle formerly belonged to the noble Ilungerford family, who, no doubt, were Normans The arch is Norman, as also the baptismal font in the church. Two chairs that belonged to the chapel, black almost with age, still are there on either side of the chancel; also ah altar of like wood and design, all being magnificently carved in curious characters. CbYist hanging on the cross, with candlesticks on eitherside, where the caudles have been long removed. The pulpit is almost intact, save a" hole in its top wht re a stone from the ceiling came crashing through. A copy of a letter t juvfjr rrm ivj iv. iiit; iiciiiiiw linn' . .. . WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. . chaplain of the per "Mere lieth Blessed-VirgiChantry, founded at the. Altarof the Lord Maiy, by Walter Ilungerford, who died the 5th Ilunuerford whose soul, may God have niercy. Aiuen.'V The stone was raised a few years ago, and the skeleton of a young man, with Time teeth quite perfect, was discovered. Even is slowly doing its work f decay. the helmets have large holes forming in There are manj' spears as well as them. . breast plates. A pev that belonged to the ancient church, is about six feet long "and nine inches wide, carved into chairs for each of the worjerson. One could not think to sleep in shippers of thuse days going I think it would take such a pew as that. him all his time to keep in it. The place is damp, green on the steps leading down to it. This is only one- of the instruments used to carry out the decree, "All things shall perishJ' The Mausoleums are very finely sculptured, these being in the inner Chantry, The full and others near the channel. features are line and clearly cut, showing the gentlemen much as they are today, and I looked the ladies beautiful and delicate. over the moat of the old castle, and ?as told that the water for it used to come from seventy miles away. A visit to the crypts, whose steps were Looking through the green with moss. bars, the leaden coffins, some large and some .small, meet the eve. A chill as of After peering death was about the place. and discovering that into the the coffins looked like stone, sunken in the middle as the bodies crumbled to dust, we hastily, sought the clear open air, leaving the dampness, darkness and death with a on - semi-darknes- s shudder. In the city of Frame, not far distant, is a very old cnurcli; originally it was baxon, built by S. Aldheine, probably on this site, about the year 6S0, A. D. It has been altered and restored many times. First in the 2th century, during the reign of The north and south doorways Stephen. and porches of .the present church were built then, also the doorway in the Ladye 1 Chapel. In theijth century the Chapel Arch, the tower and arcade of the nave, as far as the porches, and probably the walls ol the nave were built. , , In the 14th century, the western portion of the arcade, the remainder of the" isles and the west font was added. In the 15th century the roof of the nave was raised, the clestory added, the tower raised and a roof loft constructed. The Ladye Chapel was originally built; in the reigu of Stephen, rebuilt in the reign of Edward III. and restored during the inThe Chapel cumbency of Rev. iTeiinett, '. wU is show. of St. John' the Baptist, oh the north side Ttombs are those of the Ilungerford of the choir, was founded in 1337, but is family Ascriptions being in Latin. Trans now used as an organ chamber. .... lated pneNreads: "Here lieth Thomas The Chapel of St. Andrew, on the south Ilungerford, Flight, Lord of Farley, Wil- side of thehoir, was founded in, 141 2. If low and HaytesbW, who died 3rd Decem- vps restored in 1844 in memory of Bishop uer, A; 1). 139b. OiNwhose soul God have Ken. mercy. Amen." , The Chapel of St. Nicholas, near the Walter Ilungerford wasNthe personage north porch, was founded in. 15 17, the latest celebrated during the reign onKlizabeth as portion of the whole, church now used as the rund and hospitable knight oCFarley the bap tistry . Ca s e . J. The maxi m . fi me- trTRb tttW 'Tlie'reltoratioii. was begun in the year appears to liave been his favorite adaee 1S52, and completed in 1866. On a brass On another tomb is written in Latin: Wate on the door many of the names iven 1 111 1 : above are inscribed; also "Glory b. t , ( alone in Christ .. . There are many objects of interest. q:,j' carved stones in the east Wall of, 4h i with some images at the west n Aldheine, the founder, S. Alban, the martyrs of England. S. Andrew, the p:lr'in of the Diocese, and S. George, the patron of our country. The windows of the nave illustrate th life and death of St. John the Iiati; ak illustrations of the life of St. Nicholas, hi the lower compartments. The window of the St. Andrew s Chap. ' V-ff- p' Ken, and a representation of the Lishoi) entertaining numbers of oor pjersons at J he cast window his weekly least. is beautiful indeed, and illustrates the very of Christ which ended in the sufferings crucifixion; a picture of St. Tohn tf- Evangelist, with a caldron "of oil; some of the miracles of Christ. These windows throw such a hallowed light through the church, that one stands with a .feeling of awe, looking upon them and the scenes they portray. This is a Church of England, but it is called High Church, the incense burnirn' day and night in six red glass censers.. The confessional is being introduced, or re established again, leaving only the celi bacy ol the priests to be Roman Catholic as. before, and to that church the Church of England is rapidly tending; and not many years hence, it looks as though' it would be swallowed up in the Catholic Church. These red censers are being brought from Rome, and are lo be seen inNmauy of the churches now. Outside under the east window, is Bishop Ken's grave, also the late Vicar's. A stone wall encircles the upper side from the church which gradually slojes down -- . al-- o . to-th- is u sevnv iiom uie: iiic - - - - e vurisi eiu oui 1a stone, the figures standing boldly out Iron the background. Cradled in the manger, the flight into Egypt, teaching the doctors 01 in the Temple, calling His disciples, the Sermon on the Mount, His agony in His betrayal, trial before Gethsemane, Pontius Pilate, then carrying the cross, one picture where he scumbled beneath, the then weight of it, where .He sank-dow- n, where Stephen carries it to Calvary. These scenes are strikingly purtrayed where he stumbled and sunk down: is particularly touching. Then the, scene of the cruci fixion: it is a beautiful theme, and the" soul of the artist is stirred within him. All around the church ' are numberless dead of long years ago The town is built up all around the church and the bustle of"" life goes steadily on, with scarcely a thought oLthe sleepers just beside it. Untold numbers of England's dead sleep in the cities-antowns, so long ,?go some of them passed to the. other life, that, the letters cut in stone have become obliterated by Time, whose unerring finger points to the end of allthings earthly. Who shah name them ? The breeze as it sighs among . d -- "Who?" them, whispers 6 Trowbridge, July, 1899. . Xydia D. Aldek. . - 11 ' , That -- only" can with propriety be styled refinement which, by strengthening the intellect, purifies and perfects the man ners.. , . .. 