WOMAN'S- EXPONENT. - , Woman's Exponent n'ELLS, JILtjr and I'ubliihsr .t'!EUyii JL Pib: .!; ' i 'ni-- -i L .Si!'. ik- . . - - pars 1 (h Ur a Jreriisers, KXI'ONENT oihze. Roo.ti aoS Temp'eton, South Temple Str-c- t: Iiasincs hours from 10 a. in. to 5 p. m. every count ,1 leg-.- .. : .. c- Address ail business com:nunic;t-or.- to s Utah. Lake-City- Knitted at the Post Ofut in Salt IMe City, Utah, as seccnrf-clat- matter. s Sai.takl Ch v, Utah, Jim- i, iS;. AN IMPORTANT GATHERING OF WOMEN. The International Council of Women will follow closely upon the International Peace Conference of men. . The women of this country, and of many 'others also, sought t6 emphasize the peace movement by holding simultaneous meetings and passing. Resolutions, recognizing the efforts leing put forth by the Czar and other fillers to bring about a more harmon-iouswa- y of settling difficulties and differ ences; - - r- The international Council of Women scarcely expect to move the" world in such a way as to cause disarmament, even gradu- - ally, though their influence is,' and will be, brought to bear in this direction, nevertheless the great Council and Congress about to convene, will at least discuss the most important questions of the age. The Preamble to the Constitution of the Inter national Council reads as follows: We vmcn of all nations, sincerely believing of humanity will be advanced g of thought, sympathy and pur-jHsunity, g)d of the family and of the stat. do hereby band ourselves in a federation of workers to fut'thtr the application of the Golden Rule to society, custom and law. .- (a) To provide . means of communication between women's organizations, in all countries. lb) To provide opjvrtnnities for women to meet together lrom all pans of. the world to confer upon questions relating to the welfare of and the family. As there seems to be much lack of understanding of the real foundation and machinery of the Council, as also of the spirit and ideal, it is, therefore, appropriate' and essential at a time when so many Utah women are making preparations to go to London and attend the. sessions of the Council, that a more general diffusion of its benefits should be laid before the people. The Exponent of May 15th published a Jong article furnished by May Wright Sewall, who is perfectly familiar "With the aims, purposes and work of the National Council of this and other countries, and the International, with which they are affiliated . I he International Council is Jiot organized in the interest of any one propaganda and. has no power over its members' beyond that of su ggestion arid sy m pathy therefore no National Council 0? body of women is rendered liable to be interfered with in respect to its complete onranic unitv in re-'pli- words-"America- 1 h;cctmm or, miet nrxls jot n. QUEEN VICTORIA'S BIRTHDAY. Peace meetings were held 'in Orangeville, Emery Co., and in Josepa, Tooele Co.,. sides the eight already published. Minutes of these will be given in June 15th, also conferences and Ladies' Meetings, a continuation of Mrs. Addison Pratt's Pacific Islands mission and the remainder of Anna Garlin Spencer's speech, "Our Duty to the Women of Our New Possessions," and the program, etc., of the International Council in London. Semi-monthl- y " associates. y . reace mpphncrc T?ft, vxm iu tut uu ccl so iar as mimhorc t' -- Saxe-Cobur- g President Snow's party have made a tour which will"-be ari episode in the lives of those they have visited during their visits to towns in the South. The people grow hungry for the sight of "those who hold authority in the Church, and the welcomes extended everywhere amounted to a public ovationThe large assemblies; the music, the flags, banners and brass bands with ' the troops of Sunday School children, all testified to the hieh estimation in n,v.v the Saints. hold their beloved leader and his AUe -- . Before the issue of another, paper the editor will be cnr.outc for London to. attend ". London, May 24. Torrents of rain ushered in Queen Victoria's birthday today; Windsor, where a general holiday is being observed, was decorated with flags and the 'church bells were rung at 11 o'clock in the morning. The weather cleared about 11' 'dock and a serenade by the- - Windsor and Eton amateur choral societies was given in. the grand quadrangle of Windsor Castle. Sir Waller Parratt, the master of the queen's music and private organist to the queen, wearing his official robes, conducted the serenade from the steps of the. queen's private entrance to the palace, just below the oak room where the queen was breaThe Eton college volunteer kfasting. cadets marched into the castle grounds. Behind the cadets were drawn up the rest of the Eton boys and the Military Knights of Windsor. The mayor .and corporation of Windsor, in their fullrobes of pSce, and the borough magistrates were also present. The scene was picturesque. They all sang the national anthem 'and the choir gave the program comprising the late Bishop of Wakefield's Jubilee hymn, a four part song, and two specially written madrigals "To the Queen." Finally the Eton boys gave three lusty cheers in honor of her majesty and the Duke of Connaught came to one of the. windows and thanked those present in behalf of the queen, who herself, looking to be in excellent health, came forward and bowed repeatedly. During the afternoon the queen planted an oak sapling on the east lawn of Windsor Castle. She drove along Kenneth drive to the spot and was assisted in the planting by the Duke of and otha. V All the royal family witnessed the ceremony. Her the iiicjesty then continued her drive in direction of Frograore. The Military Knights of Windsor presented an address to the queen at noon m the corridor of the castle and received the warm thanks of her majesty. A pretty, incident was the presentation to the queen this morning by each of her e -- EDITORIAL NOTES. wor-kriiet"ther-aT-e Signed)-White- President Holls secretary." The answer was entirely unexpected and was thoroughly, appreciated, showing What great courtesy American's, abroad accord j0 Utah was recognized their country-womefor the' spontaneous response to the rtque.--t oi the Woman's Peace Committee. . Anjehee d T:;-Arue- rV g Objects set forth are in keeping .with the preamble:. -' - e, u'ill l.Nt conserve the highest . CVm-wor- -- we-have-not associated with the Exponent in past years and is' quite familiar with the routine business of the paper. All letters should be directed hereafter, according to the editorial heading Mrs. E. B. Wells, Salt Lake City, Utah. m m 1 s 4 - ana that an organized movement of women by-greate- ti-- ' ! the International Council of Women and Miss Kmeline Wells will take charge of the office 'in her absence, attending to all' details of the business... .Miss Wells has' been that the lx-s- t - e Mrv C n. WF.IXS. Salt -- . City, Ouh. jri:h;y. TWrn;.' '):- - co;n on yxr, $l.oo; nr. ropy .h months. !e!iv-er?- J No rciiucton-niri- f kr cluU. City ,SO,(H :. otic year, 25 ct !.y mad, cuttAjr Q:,ta ' A'1v?rt..in5 rite?: sjiire, t 'u line of nonparit-' aucrpassingnhcrTesolmious' were o ctrr-tl In eight cities and towns the 'women phnrv and carried into effect creditable r.uSalt Lake City," Ogden. .IJrig!U::, Cuy Logan, Provo, Nephi, Ephraim. a:: i Cat'J .Dale. The number of people in was over seven thousand, but :; cndi'r r cablegram to 'The Hague, ' ' wf; re counted, .'even signature and .u.,.. wrote: we "American Delegati n, ,'jn,e thousand people vot-- d pea seven Hague, resolution. (Signed) 'Wells." can 'Committee at the Peace Confuencc to the cablegram in these Commission sincerely thanks you for your kind message. of any other Council riffiliated, nor to any. utterance or aU of the International Counof cil, beyond' n mpliance with the term the Constitution. This "great assemblage of women will come together in some of the most noted and popular place's in London, in the Large. Hall, nr Westminster Town Hall. hrCmm-c- i 1C h a m ber, J.Vestmin ster.Hall;. a ndother "places have ken suggested for Congresses. the Many meetings, will be going on at same time in different halls, as at the World's Congress in Chicago. ' Mrs. Sewall informs us that fifty-ouAmerican women are in some way connected with the Council and with the Conof gress, and expect to be present. Five these are Utah women, besides other Utah women who will be present as members of the great organizations with headquarters here that are affiliated with the National Council of the United States zvr: The National Woman's Relief Society and Y. L. M. I. A. The. ladies who expect to be in London on this great occasion are Mesdames Lucy B. Young, Kmma Gates', Elizabeth Claridge McCune,' Jesse Knight, Susa V. Gates, Margaret A. Caine, Lydia D. Alder, Carrie S.Thomas, Kate Thomas, Fay McCune, Clara Holbrook, Mr. and Mrs. Miller aiid Mrs. E. B. Wells.Then: may be others of-- , whom heard; some of these have already started lust on their journey. It is certainly a good showing from Utah, arid does not look as if the people were behind in jlesir-inintelligence, or going backward .instead of progressing. ' -' " grand castle, of a tiny bouquet of flowers. These descendants of her majesty,- who wers deeply touched, also kissed her. Her majesty also attended the birthday .service held .at; the chapel Royal, St. James Palace. Bir thday xeIebTatit3nsoccrrrmi- - "t"0 . . - . 1 rnf -- . . rt nvirar fn- - A8et. tUn nnrWion. aut 