WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 142 she delighted in the work of the Lord and give her a vote; of thanks for lur faith. oue oL the "aids istcr Mary All service for many years, the v. te vas ''An tlifs'labor of love. ' in St Joseph Stale, Arizona, spoke for the The speaker also 'iHtukd Prest. Lucy Grant reported Wewxlruff unanimous. Relief Society of that Stake, said .she to the; recent visit of the sisters and counselors Stake, it had only been organized last June, briefly their president thought was .1898, she had visited seme of the branches to tlu' National Council of Won en jn the and society the work, to equal especially the Co:r.iuitree and was kindlyr received, she felt very new Washington,, in gxV condition everything greatly ' work. tVn work, but was anxious to do her Prest; Kimball, wire going tn thitvtmd had fomni a blest in the conference, rejoiced iM tlie 'Saints; and to assist and help the all trying, to be Latter-da' Prest. Kliza Oram of Eocatellq StaRe, repons hut realized we hcvjlt had time , to start home industries. stated that theStake was organized to hear from all, which she regrett-d-, would Idaho, Arizona, Stake. represented .'Maricopa like a.conlerence or several days, tj,al "aid," she was proud last August, had visited all the branches bv Siver BeTgen. at all might haven chance to speak, especially of the society, they had 6 branches, had nm1 fniiml there was a food average tendance of members, and there were many the distant ones, Sister Young feels she lately been reorganized and felt they should trood.:faithful sisters, they had given liber is a mother to all the Relief Society. Sister be able to advance, thcir's was a considerable Richards sustained Brother Lyman i:i say. climate, they had not been able ally to missionaries, had stored all women should join the Relief to keep wheat from weevil until the Indians wheat and. owned some granaries, they had ing in- four wards to the teucent Society, young women should join, they taught them how to keep it in mud huts responded more would fund and give, some sisters need it, they will learn to be liberal and sealed up. Pret. Hakes had been' very live ten miles from a post office; she "desired charitable in tips organization; it need sick and could not conie to the conference, and counsel from those who not interfere with the young ladies meethey had a new branch started, the "Pine.". to take advice in their own association; the speaker "The climate is two months in advance presided, .felt all tiie poor were well taken" ting approved of boys attending these mteliugs care of. of Utah, grain growing, verdure everyWayne Stake, represented. by Sister Julia then when they go on missions they can where, it is a good country for silk, we have mulberry trees planted and intend Blackburn, th y were encouraging young give instructions. "We do not know what Referred to women to join the society, they were is before us; I would rather feed my spirit to push the silk industry." the nursing elassdn which she was much planting thousands of mulberry tree's' and than my body, feel rested after a good Regreted that we --could not interested, thought all the branches should cuttings, caring for the poor and for the meeting." love, sick, storing grain, 'building society halls; continue the conference two or three days have the-- instruction, it is a labor-ohad herself some experience in nursing. they had many widows among them, their and get all the oung folks to join us; Bannock Stake, Idaho, was represented president was a very humble woman who spoke lovingly to those, from a distance. Prest. Young blest the sisters and prayed needed comfort, by the secretary, Miss Millie Campbell, the visited the sick an all who ave an excellent report. they might have retentive memories, and president, Mrs. Mary A. Call, had visited we W fit temples for the Holy iKjbtle F. M. Lyman who- - was- present- - said, Salt Lake atrthe October conference, in one f society in their county the president had in the stand responded to President voting s Spirit to dwell in, carry home the spirit of only been absent from the meeting once in invitation to address the sisters; he said the Lord, be punctual in your daily prayers seven years, speaker bore a good testimony, many excellent things, and gave much and. you will never grew weary in the good work, and may you live to the age of felt the Stake officers were new to the work valuable counsel, which was greatly appreciated by the sifters who labor in the a tree. Amen. as they were only recently called to preside. Conference adjourned until next OcPox Elder Stake was represented by society; the speaker expressed his pleasure Prest. Susanna P. Month, had been recently in meeting with the sisters and said he felt tober. Singing, "O, my Father Thou that reorganized because of the death of the it was the, first and choicest section of the dwellest." Benediction by Prest. Sarah 1. beloved president, Sister Olivia Wider-borChurch; he h?d net with 74 sisters iu Cannon. II. B. WELLS, Secretary. Sister Booth made an excel! nt brief Tooele on Relief Society day, Mirch 17, an felt the day would be held sacred in report and expressed a desire to press onward in the good wurk in which so many the future, thought every married woA SUCCESSFUL CELEBRATION. bore a man should be enrolled 'in the Relief So noble women were engaged,-anciety, there should be. 110 exception, we good testimony. The minutes of the 24th ward Relief Fremont Stake, Idaho, reported, by should make the society popular, it is a Elizabeth Atkinson, "aid," as the president great thing to be registered, this society Society, March 17," 1S99, Margaret The entertainment given so popular. that not one woman could not come, the president and aids had ought visited all the Stake and encouraged the should be left oil, there are .many engaged by the members of the 24th Ward Relief in this work now, but there is room for Society hi honor of the first organization 'sisters to be diligent, had over 1,700 bushand we want to see w.ncii was organized by the Prophet Joseph els of grain stored up, and were striving- to many more, live good and pure lues devoted- to good as many as can possibly be enlisted in Smith, was a success in everv wav. Queried this good work and the Lord will- bless by singing "The spirit of God like a fire works. Prayer by Brother Allen. Los Angeles branch, California, reported them, follow after the Priests and Prophets, is burning." The following sisters bore their testby Prest. Elizabeth Woollacott, the society "we dove the sisters and we love the Relief was. first organized by Prest. E. II. Nye, Society, no section of the Church receives imonies to the truth of the work of God: and it had done much to strengthen and such commendation as does the Relief Sisters Nightingale, Duncanson, Waterhelp the sisters. ... "Our teachers go out and Society, I find it so in all my travels;" fall, Attley and jieller. Brother Gill spoke visit families two by two, we live far apart, Apostle Lyman said, he came laden with upon the good work the society was enbut we are progressing and gathering in the blessing of President Lorenzo Snow gaged in,- that the- - Lord would bless ' some means, we have had no poor only to Mster ma, and. all the. sisters, they one and all in their noble work. Delicious refreshments were served by exceptional cases, and therefore we have have his love and confidence, the speaker men Diest all assembled in the name of Sisters Gill and Ames with their numerous used our means to purchase books, etc:" aids. All seemed to enjoy themselves They had a bazar and accumulated some Jesus. Sister L. L Greene Richards spoke of and a good spirit prevailtd. Twenty seven articles; good money with the disposal-opeople have come to a knowledge of ihe her visit in Chicago, her meeting with new names were given in to beepme memwork, she had herself been a member of the sisters of the Relief Society, wanted bers of the society. .About $8.00 was a testifaithful the Church 48 years, bore the sisters to remember them in, their pray-ers- , . taken in, the admission being ten cents; ' ... Sister Rosa Smith of Nepiii is presi6.00 went to the General Board to help mony. Sarr Francisco branch represented by dent of the Relief Society in defray traveling expenses of delegates to Chicago. Sister Harriet Nye, who gave a Very good, The secretary, Sister E.. B. Wells the National Council and other necesgave account of the work in that city, and out some notices of meetings, etc., and sary expenses and obligations pertaining she spoke of the society organized in Sacraspokq of the Relief .Society in Omaha in to Relief Society work. The members mento and San 'Diego. The speaker Denver, in Pueblo and i St. John's of the society were all there. the Mission house' in San FrancisKansas she also presented at the Margaret Nightingale, Pres. request of co as and resting place' for the the president of Panguitch Stake, the Nellie A. Morver, Sec, Saints- .who visit that city and. for the of Sister Barbara Myers, president traveling Elders, and spoke enthusiastically of the Relief Society of that Stake Julia Marlow is to speak at the meeting of the joy she felt in her labors m minister was moved and seconded Hinr cmJ uit out UC, ing to those vondonpon Wdnierbn : thi stage.f 7 ' ! ' ; 1 ... i work-along'- - . y ' . . semi-tropica- l . -- 1 "-Ma- -- - -- y , g. i Night-ingale.presidiu- g. to-b- - - . . - v -- f ' , - , 1 e re-nati- - . yi-mQm 