loo WOMAN'S EXPONENT.' who has ,r thanV" eah inssibly. imagine person, with mind and btcn present !uf susceptible to the .uplifting influences tt uilowfrom high intellectuality and The value order. of be estimated, the National Council cannot 1. noVeinent of this great body. of womenand a great f diverse" views an4 opinions, of tastes and charvnicty Cf dissimilarity acteristics coming together on the raomen. and agreeing to tous questions of the day disiirree.isan object lessou for the world. The letter of Mrs.Mary Lowe Dickinson. last Triennial unthe president during this til forced bv her illness and the protestations 'of her physician to resign, .was one of the in its pathos striking features of the session, its expressions speaking heart to heart, and been to of what the Council would have I,,, ind she not from force of circumstances been obliged to withdraw from the position. The address of the retiring president Mrs. bristled with original May Wright Sewall, s ideas and suggestions, as also did to the Cabinet." One might write columns up'u this subject, but as it will be published in full for circulation among members of organizations belonging to the Council, all who wish will have an opportunity to study its contents. , The resolutions adopted, which were the chief work of its committee, and the plans hid out for the future furtherance of the Council's work during the next three years we must leave for the next issue of the in matpaper, also much that is interesting ters not practically essential to the Council itself, as well as the blockades, blizzards, delayed trains, and minor items. The two living presidents who have fillecl terms of office were made Honorary Presidents with a vote. They are Mary Lowe Dickinson and May Wright Sewall. The new officers - elected were. Prest., Fannie Humphreys of New York City; "Vice Prest., Maria- - Purdy Peck, DubuWaller que, Iowa; Cor. Sec, Mrs Kate Barrett, Washington, D. C; Rec. Sec.. Rev. Anna Garlin Spencer, R. I.; Asst.. Rec. Sec, Emineline B. Wells, Salt Lake City, Utah; Treasurer, Hannah G. in-llin- ce - . her"Rec-oiamendation- " - andf'much of the valuable "time has been frittered away in voting for a Senator to little or no purpose. It is very'undigni-- . fied and unsatisfactory to the people who elected them to waste so much time in complimentary and uncomplimentary speech making, and delay- serious matters wl;jcJi should have been acted upon. President Jane S. Richards who recently visited California gives a .most interesting account of the branches of the ReliefSociety in that state, ishe speaks i'u the highest terms of praise of the untiring efforts ot the sisters in of love and the good spirit enjoyed by them, in which she participated. The pleasure tliey expressed in her being present and speaking encouragingly to them in their society meetings is deeply felt and warmly appreciated by Sis ter Richards, whose love for the work of the Relief Society stimulates- - her to Undertake much more than her delicate health would warrant. To the Writer in the office of the "Exponent" she expressed the most, loving tenderness, interest and sympathy in all the sisters in these brandies, aud it is her. ardent desire to have them feel their good works are appreciated in Zion. We must express our ereat satisfaction in meeting with many dear old friends while absent in the East, and among others Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, who is more beautiful than any picture of her could be made, for she show's the eloquent beauty of the soul within, and her soft white hair in the loose puffs is like a halo above her She consweet, tender, motherly face. verses as pleasantly as ever and is as brilliant and witty as in her palmiest days. We shall never forget in time or eternity how grandly Mrs. Stanton and Miss Anthony received the first Utah delegates, (Mrs. Wells aud Mrs. Williams) in the Convention at Washington in January, 1879, aud we shall always honor these two noble women, the grandest types of American womanhood. - "their-labor- Another dear old friend who plead our cause most eloquently in those days long ago. and whom we always make a point of -Chicago. callingupon when we go to Washington, apnot are yet Cabinet Members of the ; D. C? is Mrs. Sara Andrews Spencer who committees. new nor standing pointed, any should never be forgotten by the Latter-da- y under The idea of grouping the societies Saints; she has been a staunch friend, certain departments has been advanced and manifested her valor in the hour of The next busiand may be acted upon. need, and when strong men were greatest of November ness session will be held in less courageous in defense of the right. the present year at Indianapolis," Indiana. Meantime the International Council in Loudon will hold its Quinquennial, and the REORGANIZATION. National Council of the United States its quota of representation Mrs. May Minutes of the annual meeting of the 8th the of late the president Wright Sewall. ward Relief Society held February 4th, CounciL will be installed as president of Vice President S. J..: Chamberlain the International Council. Miss Susan B. 1899, The secretary, called the roll, presiding. the are Shaw H. Anna Dr. aud Anthony after which the vice president stated that Council. National from the delegates the business of the meeting was to hear the annual reports and the election of officers, account of the death of (on EDITORIAL 'NOTES. Kathrine K. Palmer) for the ensuing two The reports were read and approved. years. SociThe Stake secretaries of the Relief Sarah J. Chamberlain was elected president; of and ety in all the several Stakes of Zion Ann Cart wright, 1st vice president; Martha missions or branches of the Relief Society A. Shelmerdine, 2nd vice president; Abby where Stakes are not organized, are' hereby A secretary; Elizabeth C. Frost, Piggott, financial the vote in each case being requested to send statistical and treasurer, to the for the entire year cf 1898, unanimous., Martha Morris was elected to the board of trustees general secretary, room 208 Templeton UU v building, Salt Lake City, Utah. caused by Martha A. Shelmerdine being ' Anna , E. Hunter E.B. Wells, General Secretary.chosen vice president. Louie Chamberlain were received as The Utah Legislature is drawing to a and Solomons- will-hav- - : -- re-por- ts I I - - - - 1 members (if the society. It was moved and seconded that the minutes be accepted as lead; carried'. Auiiy A. Picgott, Sec. close," -- the-presiden- t, . SAN FRANCISCO LETTER, Dear Sister Wells; It mav be of interest to some of the read ers of the "ExiKment" to know that in far off San Francisco there are a few Saints who are striving assiduously for that goal which the precious truths.of.thc Gospel-haplaced within the reach of suffering, struggling humanity, viz., the salvation of the . soul. There are but few, comparatively speaking, who have been gathered from the sin . and temptation existing in this great city, the enormity of whi&h none can conceive except those who have dived here and personally observed the conditions existing morally, spiritually and socially; and when we consider that out of three hundred thousand people the Saints number probab v con-- ' ly two hundred all told, we cannot hut elude that the good seeds which fell by the. wayside have been almost entirely choked out by the thriily growth of the tares. s There are many who do not sense the imminent danger which threatens them; . ; they are blind to the fact that there a future in which the immutable decree has acgone forth thaf'all men huist be judged cording to the deeds done in the body," but are content to drift along with the tide, ministering to the selfish, sensual appetites which are generated and encouraged by luxurious living, seeking only the pleasures of today, uninfluenced by the possibility of a tomorrow. To cast aside the every day routine of worldly pleasures and become a follower of Jesus Christ is a sacrifice but few can make, albeit, those who have become Saints are sincere, honest, earnest people.' Saints is This branch of the Latter-da- y in a prosperous condition and ably presided Our meetover by President Woodward Sunings are fairly attended, especially on is day evenings. Usually the congregation so large it is necessary to arrange extra seats for the accomodation of all present. The visitors are attentive, aud as a rule seem to be a class of people who come for ; information and not to disturb. ' Sister Ratenbury, a lady possibly remembered by many of the old residents of Salt Lake City for her ability to quote 111 Shakespeare has the Relief Society charge, and not only the poor and needy are ministered to by this organization but also the Elders, whose clothes are renovated and hosiery restored to a useful condition by the sisters on their work days. The M. I. Associations are under the controlof Brother Collins and Sistei Cummin gs, formerly of Salt Lake City, and are for completely organized and fully equipped mutual improvement. The little ones bright and active, ready and willing to assist by their little efforts hv organization orLan jnaking their flourishing Primaries of Utah,, equality with the ideal are presided over by Sister Woodward, wife of President Woodward. Indeed the Saints are all zealous, earnest workers, striving for the same grand prize which ultimately is received by all those who live faithfully and according to. the commandments of Him who rewardeth 