WOMAN'S' . KXroNKNT. tl lighten each others' burdens. Onr ravers should he siucere, they should con:. from the heart; they should 'not be-but we should a.sk for tliaUvhieh sib!c try v.e ; I " ; . really desire, as we would ask au'earth-jparent. .Related some of the. trying through which she .had 'passed in the vy : pro., very v.md v i,atr J extent, early settlement of Salt Lake valley, and hfr.v'tl.e Lord had provided for her in times of need. Ixhorted us all to be kind to our fcllo;v beings, feed the hungry, visit and cumf.rt' the afflicted, and not utter a Wurd that would wound the feelings of viu uui auviK.au- programs as a anoiiivr. ink in our Relief Society meetings j , HH. o,h s enhancement, a few 10 ; ine'iuiiest - Lome,- and expressed her satis-iactio- n Saints." Praver by Singing, "Now let us eo':-e- -- titlii:iK.. SaiU -- 1 obey it; ye fact that it. S,.m' bad Pu-siJcii- t w, ,hui.M tench oi.r it is a niucipie; . . chil- essoinr us. bless us and If we obey it. we are Hie' b ' Sister Pixtoii, of Taylorsville, was hap. py to be present. Said we had-hagood instructions, why do we not obey them and put them in practice? "Lei'us ilo so; let us ' keep out of uebt, ,d( right and serve the Lord with all our might, mind and strength. Be honest in paying and in every tithing thint.,-.,!.)!,.r. dlltV ;I1 life " I every blessing she enjoyed. Said we should teach our children io honor their parentsso that their days may be long. Sister Mary Freeze bore testimony of the truth of and said'slie aiew lor herself that the Lord had spoken, to President Snow concerning the'law of tithing. one of thovj worthy to help Hoped build up Jackson County.' Sister Mary Hyde was glad to be present, . was always glad to hear" the name of the-- ' She Prophet Joseph Smith mentioned. knew he was a true prophet of God, and re- joiced that we have prophets now to sneak" to us and tell us the will of the Lord. - By request Sister Maggie S: Hull sang "The Beautiful City." Sister Clarissa S. Williams was glad to be present. Thought the instructions received from the sisters of great benefit if we would only seek to carry them out. Thought the labois of the Relief Society a grcat and noble work. A- vote of thanks was heartily given Brother Thomas and. Sisters Hull and Winder for the beautiful music they had furnished during the meeting. The Relief Society presidents were requested to see that reports were sent to Secretary Augusta W.Grant, No. 14 South, 2nd Hast St., by the 15th of July. Meeting was then adjourned to meet the first Satur- day in September. After singing the Uoxology, President Home dismissed the meeting in tonguesv The .interpretation was given by Sister d . Sister Webbr ' Minutes 'of afternoon session of last conference read and. approved. Sifter K. S. Richards said we should eur President Zina D. H. Young was the coi:r:ige one another, both our boys and our ;rrst Do not wait until people are dead speaker. Said we have left all foHhe prls. kkrc we speak well of them. Sister .Gospel's sake, and we should be willing' to make personal sacrifices for the same. We Richards read a poem com posed "bv Sister ' need to meet often" and Kliza IL. Snow, ""The Object of Relief partake ' of the Societies. V Spoke at some .length in an .beautiful spirit attending the meetings of Gave some very timely inintelligent manner, upon the necessity .of the Saints. structions to mc triers, telling them they Jieing kind to the pcor whoever they may should be strictly honest and truthful in all rre.M'iLnt- Lindsay hoped we might have their actions, as children are very quick to sufficient of the good spirit to enable us to notice and know what mothers do. Mother-hoois a grand privilege, and we should practice 'the good teachings we have heard Felt very thank-fu- l honor that sacred trust. Was thankful during our conference. that the days of using the rod' were past; to our sisters for their visit, to the choir it- was so beautiful to and all who have taken an interest in our rule by love. Said that she had been in the Church sixty-eigh- t conference. President James II. Hart expressed great years, and had enjoyed her life in-tfeure in having attended the conference. trying to live up to the glorious principles of the Gospcd. We want to live so that we We have enjoyed the influence of the can Have the spirit of the Lord with us al- Holy Spirit. The choir sang an anthem. Benediction ways. Sister Bathsheba W. .Smith said she de-- j hyjiishop Lewis.sired to be directed by the spirit of the N. II. Allred, Sec. Lord in every action in life. Believed in being true to her religion and her friends. SALT LAKE STAKE, Thought if. we loved our religion we The quarterly conference of the Salt would be truthful and honest, prayerful Lfte Stake Relief Society convened in the and upright. .Spoke briefly, on the law of Said we should live within our Assembly Hall, Saturday, June 3, 1899, at tithing. 10 a, 111. means, that now is the time to learn to Present cn the stand were Presilove each other. God is love, and if we dent M. T. Home and Counselor Clara C. Cannu;i, President Zina-I)- . H. Young, would be prospered and blessed, we must lead Believed that inas drive. Sisters Uathsheba W. Smith, Maria Wilcox muchand not as we strive for the blessings of the Paul. N and Maria Nebeker. W. Ai'gusta Gkant, Sec. Lord, He will bless us. Meeting was called to order by President 1. Home. Professor C. J. Thomas, Sister Maggie Singing, "Arise, 0 glorious,! 5 uqw. Prayer by Sister Maria Nebeker. S. Hull and Sister Maria B. Winder sang OBITUARY. "I know that my Redeemer lives." Singing, ."0 happy home ! 0 blest abode !" called: twenty city wards and sixteen President M. Isabella Home was the MVl; l.VJ j:. ri.AYToV country wards responding. Minutes of the next speaker..- She said that good singing It is with feelins of sorrow that we record the morning session" of the previous conference was a very great source of blessing to death of Sister Myra Clayton .Winter, which iWU ana voices should who those good "possess at Cleo'rgetown, Idaho, J une 22, approved. SICdent M. I. Hoi3ievva's sorry to see feel very grateful. Deceased was boni in Maiisheld,. NottinghamUrged the sisters to few J of the shire,. England, .November 3, 1S22. Slie emIt was required of us by attend their meetings, and spoke present. - -braced the .Gospel at an early age, and. emigrated MLuuiiuev 10 nieer. ana transact ousi-s- s goca accompiisnea oy attenanig tne semi Lake City witlvher sister Sarah, in the fall to and instruct each other, and if we did monthly meetings. Said our faith and of Salt In July of the . followmg year she be1B53. UO SO WP Wrtlllr? . Tlio be we will tha and works wife of Thomas W. Winter, then Ihshop came the WUIU kkUV, judged iUCV,i together, go lit cers of the She became the inxsident of cth of ward. the our professions. society should make an effort by them, no matter what first Association J the organized in that ward, Primary present.will not excuse Spoke of the law of tithing, quoting-fronThe Lord which she faithfiillr idled until her duties us for position carelessness and indifference. If we the tmru cnapter or iUaiacni, ana reierrea as nurse;eoi1ipelled lier to resign. mothers- set an the Doctrine in revelation to the sisters the' of faithfulness, of her husband in i?2, she has Since the death example Ur subchildren will be on the . instruction for ex-espent most of her time with be!" children in Rex- -' andCoveuaqts apt to follow that Spoke briefly on the law of tith- - ject. Spoke on the subject of storing burg and Georgetown, Idaho. Sister Winter' was a. very kind arid; loving: to& wheat: said if the societies did not own t0ped tbe sisters would be faithful a true friend, and her death will be. mofher'and l':c-a. . duties imposed upon them, granaries they should store flour in cans. mourned by all who knew her. She was the Sister Sarah, Jane Cannon gave an inter- mother-- ' of six children, four of whom are still liv.' pettier of a. public or private character, opqscfl that Sister Clarissa S. Williams. J Winter and Mrs. Sarah Rands, esting account of a visit in company with ing: Pilshop T. and Harriet. Smith and. C.e'iena Stained as riistant rprnrdino- cprre- - Sister Km ma Woodruff, to the Sevier Stake of Rexburg, of .Georgetown., ,v,:iCil was Relief Society. They iouncl the sisters Leveridge, unanimously carried. SfsfeT"Wlmer yvas uu7IecTr aTconiiiig to her " eheigetic and fully alive to their duties.; quest, at the place of her death. She died as she Of Sister Clara C, Cannon .advised the sis- had lived, in full taith ot the" Gosp and in the the.dty branches. .Very revelations of the Lord,, and hope of a glorious resurrection. 'And instructive reports were given ters to read-thCom, presidents or other representatives, be posted 'as to the reqiiiremeritsjnade of re-Jic- e. - is to test brief remark of gainers. Meeting then adjourned until 2 p. m. "Lord dismiss us with Thy bless-!g- . ?"gig,benediction by vSister Maria Wilcox. Afternoon session: Meeting called to order by President M. L Home. Singing, The speaker's remarks throughout were excellent, and no doubt will be the means of inany living purer and more charitable "' strengthen us. in the reports given. - nvd a" "! V' u" "icir uiuv Sister Home made i i , , . the-Gospel- 1 to-b- d - - . ' . ' ; . - ( - w - " " . -- W I us,-an- oc-Curr- cd 1 ( - Iru-er- c JL J- : - V ' - - - - . . . . - - . c-- ', re-"- e ( ' 