.. s lit m m if m vy i ii ri wj if n IT Li. V of the 77'' llallot in the 1 lauds ,wr '" '';" . " ' - ii JL Women- of - ..... ,;) should be a J'ouei to better the Home, the State and the No.t,on. SALT LAKE CITY, Vol. 27 JJTAII, FEBRUARY No i, 1899. 17. Smith and secoudetl by Mrs. Cleveland that a vote be taken to know if all present were" Richard. Mim'fteif IT Gat-ni- ' and n patchwork is with satisfied with' each person inpresent Virgin City, Vi t"K' Hcf Society. full fellowship to acknowledge them hve and sorrow k pt Red Cros Nurses-VhtMemotiam In V Struon and admit them to the full privileges of the Not the crow.ns of kin ur kaiser, not a store Arlina Il .m n. Woman's Exp neu! ' institution about to be formed. Vote was of gold unmeasured, 'J A Beautiful Response.' kSctelle Mchette. unanimous. .Could part grannie .from the cradle where Rockwood. i rver uxe at Centervilie-Ma- ryS. President Joseph Smith addressed the her habit s all have slept Sec. Woolley, J. Mve.ing-Monthly .U.RHK meeting to illustrate the objects of its Silk John Dean Worin.-tiH- l Si'k The that the." society might provoke the ety; Women. of Oiuncil Re Rf Society Repoit. brethren to good wo'ks in looking to the THANKS. of Age. Triennial objects wants' of the poor, searching. after . 1. Official Notice. Editorial Notes. etc., to assist iy correcting ine nnu- chanty Sation.il Ciiuncil. . Editor Woman's Exponent: Winslo als and strengthening the virtues 01 ine .... roETut The New VtarN.ni save the' Elders the trouble Rock- RtflccGrandmothers Tre,sure-- M. It seems to mi; that Ada Patterson de- community and He proposed that .the sisu';,iv iiw F.rkart. serves the heartfelt thanks of the women of of rebuking, etc. officer to preside over and sensible way ters elect a presiding Utah for the them and let that presiding officer choose emthe she has which in present YEAR. explained NEW THE two counselors; that he would ordain them the in we are by situation placed barrassing and let them preside over the society just as I ootids of divappointmen electicn of B. II. Roberts to Congress. the preside over the Church, Ma g thtr in li'e's sky, think, too, we should acknowledge the and ifPresidency thevMireded his instruction, ysk him liberalitvof the Mecca,' a Denver magazine, IX, not despair, the sun is there, "It WniiM rive it from time to tiuie. in pu!)l'ishin .ml soon will be so bright and fair, out any other officers are needed to carry oe usv ." '; And then those dearer opes of thine liiVntconccrning of the institution lei ineui htkeMsmight in iby ptth wdl shine; She gives us credit for at "least standing the designsand set Thenituites of apart. such appointed of and maintaining For now the nt w year unfitly dauns, our rights, by will be precedents' for you to meetings the is your sh' tear to its sufficient be gone, w.tii uld old stop The year heroism as have act upon." He then suggested the propri-in would who thee. And joy awaits voice of unthinking people to continue woety of electing a presidency the of the to with imbecility that backward t it nt legret Look appear office during good behavior, or so long, as election the be charged men of Utah may To the faded year should fill the office with dignity, etc they their t being" of the man who fiercely, pposed See.the star of hope is bright, Motioned by Mrs. E. A. Whitney and of voting. allowed the privilege It will guide thee to the light, seconded by Mrs. S. Packard that Mrs. " uncmbroid Die ed , Mis Patterson says: days are yet in store, chosen be ; presidentr-pnssSmith Emma were U tali ered truth is tln.t the women of Tho' the days that are no more " A large majority unanimously. Roberts. Mr. to , Joseph-SmithLike a tender flonr lay. opposed On suggestion of President The him. was vote against of the woman Folded in the heart away, elect made choice of Mrs. Sarthe president were because him for they Hut joys awaits thee. minority voted Mrs. Elizabeth Ann Mr. ah M. Cleveland and to than rather NINA WtNSLOW ECKAKT. loyal to Democracy, Whitney for counselors. Roberts.. of ordination was then per- The ceremony vote. reHe opposed permitting women, to. foimed, when President Joseph Smithhow-tGRANDMOTHER'S TREASURE:. the but knows; ot.e evVryas He lost sumed his remarks, giving instruction elechis Had him. velvet their in women never forgave It is not o'er flashing jewels govern themselves, in their meetings, ot the women, votes the tion depended upon beds rtpusnv, order to observe, how icT regulate diswhat say-inStill brocades, or priceless laces worn in he would, have met a DaniKuwuu cussionsetc, etc:,: and "concluded by " d ys of long ago dav "Donot injure 'the character of any has Miss Patterson, the when friend, Thus our That poor grannie loves to linger, members of the society shall conduct if one; wo. the behalf in of, deal with them and nobly spoken out themselves ay is gently closing, improperly I feel , them of men of Utah, And as one When the b eeze, with softer cadence murall vour doiirgs vvithin your own to return her sincere thanks. murs rhythmical and low. To.-ln. . ich a k i?S7 1.4. I;r Ut G k It was then proposeu. mai liien-- i x vacate the chair. President Emma Smith ttith failing viion chair with her counselors. hidFrom the. batch of yellow letters safely MINUTES FIRST RELIEF SOCIETY. took the Elder Taylor moved, seconded uy rresi-den- t den from the sun; go into Joseph Smith, that the societyname ALL, NAl'VOO, IU.INCMS. And htr hands hold no love token of that byMASONIC .it,: an investigation respecting what' time elysian gone 1842. should be called. Motion carried unaniLodge Room, March 17, When the world grew fairer for her,and her .of the mously. heart was lost and won. , Minutes of the first- organization President Joseph SmRh and Elders John K. Eliza Miss by as and prepared Relief Society Willard Richards favored tl e 'But she sits amid the shadows, all alone and at taken Taylor Snow from the original minuies Benevolent Society; Mrs. Cleveland name A V and Mrs. meeting. In a'ltrained and broken voice she croons a m. moved that it be Relief Society, Sarali Mrs. ot the residence Smith and Miss Eliza R Snow" tender old refrain Emma mee which at Kimball, recently deceased, in favor of Mrs. Cleveland's choice. That she sang with fuller compass in the and t argued was present inl Miss, Eliza R. Snow and interest- The discussion, was lengthy Pre.ichys that are depaTlecT, consult to time AiAoA ot that As. she rocks the wooden cradle where her the decision of the majority was in but ing SToseph Smith about an...orgamzaUoi;: children all have lain. favor of Mrs. Cleveland's choice, and the his called by was. accordingly the- meeting name selected and voted upon was Female And the babe that ne'er grew older in the was called to thexhair Relief Society. female was many, years ago . years in which her brothers Taylor Joto secre-(The prefix And her sisteis men and ,wonien grew, vote throughout the Elder Wdlard Richards appointed discarded popular by ' ' smiles up in infant glee Meeting commenced 'by singing entire organization:) tary. with laugh burnillg.? To the face above Ue cradle; and Miss Edrca K. bnow lly unanimous voteand Miss "".Phe.be and shout the oihers, M, was elected secretary Sundered nbw by'eagues of ocean, seize And that roughlv-pah-teing heart is And its ipiilt of ' silk CONTENTS: d cradle by her los- tp-aure- Dixie-Km- ily. will---in- g ra.. 1 - ! . . ; the-soci- . -- aKUTOKtA;.:-A'Won,!e- - -. riul . v . . Eck-art- - fair-minde- d , I . MiaU , - " . Ik-tler ': - o uu- - ;, - -- . t-p- 4ms,-and-hold-all-characters--saCr- ed.-- : . r 1 -- 11 happy-hearte- d, . ..- , . -- ; v . : . - 8er ,nf -- , : . . . her hands and climb her knee. ' : f 