W0MAN?s-KXP0NENT:- v of building granaries oii feti' t E'ir'w .V to .contribute grain for ,orll!,; Made reference ,o.the recently a,, pjiateJ Annual Day on March 17; urged he necessity of a general observance of the collection of the ten cent day ana also the doniti-- :; Requested the sisters to sustain in a society capacity and . Hxponent:; as individuals. - Also w fir 11 n 1 1.... okc on duties of teachers, divine aid in ekin 'r ti. and the necessity of their labors. ' Counselor Abagaii snoemaker was much pleisvd to hear ot the increased diligence It is a mission manifested in storing grain. placid upon us 'which we should strive to Was fulfill to the best of our ability. thankful that the Prophet -- Joseph had been impressed H) organize the Relief Society, but that we be diligent if we expect to re- the blessings pronounced to the rvcL-iv- e faithful Sister Shoemaker said that President McAllister had expressed a wish that the Relief Society make some carpet for the Temple, which she was sure would.be ac- complished. Sister Cox made closing remarks. Spoke t the 'necessity of cultivating the gift of r - ;r:: f! l,VJ,Hr"vf.n,ny V" over the ft -- t d" pleased to hear of an organic! bCo,na where they suffered so much t the performance of duties. Meet (wether as often as possible, once a week or 0 in two weeks. Your principal dutv will he to care for the poor and need v.' to nrlmink. ter to the? wants nf u )) wft. . ' tlio dll'UHUW lUC wh example, of the Savior tor all that were At- in. need. tend to those in need of assistance whether they are of the house of Israel or not " A vote was called showing that all the sisters present were in favor of Bishop Barton then spoke. He was pleased to he present on such an occasion and endorsed the remarks of Sister RichAs- a Bishop in one of Zion's wards ards. he could appreciate the work of the Relief He said, "The sisters can do Society. more. for the sick than the' brethren, and I have told the sisters in the ward where I live that we could not get along without them." Said he often attended their meetings and rejoiced at seeing the good they accomplished. Related the saying of James beine-orranie- CT d J - r: -- ;.:3'l'. ,9wuty -- ould not be -- ' 1 'rT'"'i S&cftfv sKe : . Wf11,U, Volf ,lltlr C" '"V ni W ber f rV l, ,e S sier Addip Si tr e C T er n ?u l for S , .1 gnS oSo 1,4 'du ?... H. ,.-,,-!, arf ,'T ,1 , w ; vin the Relief alive today. She .aid we 11!,1 ! j loul 'Although few in w U miss' gret organized or ,he time 111 bc-in-g -- 'i . 1 M i ! r"yTl tained as president, which was seconded by The question was then Mary M. Weeks. voted upon in the affirmative by all Sister Miller chose Mary E. Blixt as her first and Addie S.Stone as her second counselors these names were put before the meeting in tlHr proper order aird were sus- tained by unanimous vote Sister Clara M Fredricksen and Mary M. Weeks were named for the secretaryship but for acceptable reasons each declined. Ida A. Peterson was then nominated for secretary and was elected by, united affirmative vote. Caroline C. E. Peterson was chosen and voted in as treasurer of the society.. Annie K. Gregerson was unanimously ..sustained, as assistant secretary. Sister Richards then made a few remarks, instructing the officers to go ahead with the work, the counselors to share the responsibility "with the president Thought it would b a great help to the association to take the "Exponent." The teachers of the society- may be' selected at the next' meeting. Asked the Lord to bless us all. Sister E. B. Wells regretted that she was not present at the fore . part of the meeting, but some delay in obtaining directions caused her to be late. She was pleased to meet the Saints. Callec attention to the blessing the Omaha sisters enjoyed in having an Apostle and a Bishop at this meeting. She recalled the past when she taught school here nearly fifty years ago. She told how helpful the Relief Society had been to the Church and said its oower would increase. r The officers of the Omaha society were - : ores-sen- " ftOW 3ltll ailtl WOrks HIpcc lillu,dUuUiMut..iuunuuuS.tsw1JC a- - TOvfpthpr . . .1... L4l.. r v,t " wmcu at iuc IULTS Uiaau'nhin nr0noiinrfvl nnn t!,P .ianua, r ""- - nm,l J ' uauicb, . J." were t - - .:. ecuDMueieu iaiKci.1.. uuc iu l ie-- prayer 01r sisters by Brother Barton, in taking up the Saints in their behalf. tneir work as a Keliet bociety. Conference adjourned for three months. Sister Ellen Barton then added her testi- Singing, "We thank thee O, God for a mony. 5 tie naa lelt strange in Omaha un Prophet." Benediction by A, L. Cox. til meeting with the Saints on Sunday and Alvika L. Cox, Cor Sec. enjo ing with us the spirit of the Gospel. She spoke of the love and strength of spirit it imparted to tne sisters to work unitedly, and the good that could be accomplished by RELICT SOCIETY IX OMAHA their doing the will of the Father. Refe The members of the Omaha branch of rence was made to the sewing" meetings tho the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-dasociety have at home, and how-thpoor Saints met Oct. 25, 189S, at 3 p. m., at the were provided with quilts, etc. She asktd the Lord to bless the sisters, and said she ho me of Sister Clara M, Fredricksen, 1604 Ao 29 St., Omaha, Nebraska, for the pur- - knew they would find the work a pleasure ' andof great benefit. all pobc or organizing a Relief SocietyThere-th ngs rrespecl said his Richards President tvere present had D. feelings Franklin Richards, Apostle under the hands of President F.I). Richards. Sister Jane S. Richards, first counselor in been expressed by the previous speakers. It Bishop Barton and Elder Hatch. All present was the general and with that Relief of the pleasute thanksgiving Society, presidency then sustained each other as members of he met with'the branch of the Church in Kracieline B. AVells, general secretary, the societ. Benediction was pronounced Josephine Richards West, Bishop Peter Omaha. The object of the organization President F. D. Richards. Barton and Ellen A. Barton of Kaysville, about to be effected was to do good in time by J. L. Hatch. I'tah, Elder J. L. Hatch, president of of sickness and misfortune. The Church is Omaha branch, Eiders R. E. Yeates and not to support us, but we must work 'to (Continued from page 87.) Sisters Mary M. Miller, build up the Church. . The Relief Society .MaryE.- Biixt, Addie S. Stone, Ida A. was not'orgamzed.or brought into existence but in a sense it was a sort of relief. She Peterson, Anna K. Gregerspn, Caroline C. to make offices for some one to fill, but for had neither a mother,aunt or sister in whom to confide. E.Peterson, farv Weeks. Clara M. the perfecting of the people and for the re A day t'r two followed in pouring rain Fredricksen, Elizabeth Hover, Caroline S. lief of the distressed.- It is not only a matter of dimes and olters, but to administer and sleet and it w'as almost imposTrqmler and Anna B. Olson. sible to go outside, no visitors came though Meeting was called to' order at 3 o'clock with kind words and deeds to the afflicted nr. by Elder J. L. Hatch, , The hymn of all people, for we are all of one royal it was holiday week; and the real Christwhich If .we live up to the covenants we mas, the day after the party was more for begins as follows was sung:"How family. firmfoundation." Prayer by Elder R. E have made With God He will bless us as the 'servants and people employed by them cates- The hymn which begins ."Now we need and we will realize some benefit of than for the family. Penelope's tears were! let us rejoice", was sung?.- The meeting the spirit, One of the prophets has said we almost like the downpour of rain and she Said the. next begged Ned to make everything right with as then presided over by Apostle Richards. realize the gifts after trials. would be to select officers. He named Harry, and so he did and planned a meet- Sister Richards expressed her' joy and, stepofficers tisiaction in being preseTnt with us today. the necessary and said we wanted ' ing which ended in a reconciliation and a Keferred to the time when the society was those whose heart and soul was in the promise of marriage, as soon as" the father's The Lieut, re- - ; consent could be obtained. organized with but few members, hv the work, and those who could, work unitedly. A person is not fit to be in office until he is turned to his regiment and Penelope set .'s-blt- he Prophet Joseph Smith. Then wi'ling to be a servant. He mentiouedMie about preparations for the bridal trousseau,- as she had independenLmeans of her own, uncled necessity of keeping strict accounts and He asked God to and was left much to herself in matters of of the proceedings. aing a peaceful home in the valleys of e expenditure,' it was an easy thing to do. , fountains the society was reorganized direct in the selection of officers. py Presidents Sister Richards related some of her exV London affords great opportunities for shop- ; Brighani Youti, and has office and thought preau and ping, ana xipnore Knew an tne Desi piaces grown' until now a society is ; perience in regard to The. carnage was ah and establishments, in almost every branch and ward of that had tt not been for the work it seemed t- f;l -. 1 1 P-- -- -- 1 -- - -- y - 1 Caniel-.Mackay- ve-c- 1 , T c P- - - ' - rec-or- l7yanob-viole?iaaLsequenU- ds y, -- . . t. 6 V Sw V"'!!u."f 