Y our lives, but must te .satisfied with the result. Sister Mary S. Clark of Earmiugton said she mild not remember when she did not iiiv.. tfiimrmv of the Gospel. It seems vifi.Utrnt and reasonable. Felt the wonderful influence of the good spirit in this ineetiug, and felt paid'forall the trials she had passed through, sue greauy appreciated the changes that had taken place and the many comforts that the Saints Bore a strong testimony and have now. told of' many of the manifestations of the Don't let goodness and jxnyer of: God. little things influence us too much, but think of the great things of the Gospel. May. we know our duty and strive to do it. Sister Horne stated that in some of the the wards the KelkiSociety presidents speak' in the wards ar.d we would try to make this a rule in .ill the wards, to speak the Sunday evening before conference. Please remember presidents, that the first Saturday in March, always the Saturday before Do not let fast day, every three months. us le discouraged if the younger people we look upon us as being do our work quiedy and do not herald our labors by the sound of.trumpets, 'but if we continue faithfully to work in an earnest, quiet way, we will be. rewarded; ' Conference adjourned for three months, first Saturday in March. Singing "How firm a foundation." Benediction by President Home in the gift of tongues, interpreted by president Zina D. H. Young. we are free to shoo non-progressiv- A. W. li MICKY e, Grant," Sec. STAKE. Minutes of the Relief Society Conference, oi Emery State. Held at Huntington, Oct. jist, 189S. Annie U. Larsen presiding. Meeting commencing 10 a. m. by the choir singing, "Come, Oh Thou Kng of Kings." under the leadership of Professor Hardie. Prayer by Brother Hardie. The choir sang, "The happy day is rolling on. ' ' President Annie U. Larsjonpoke-Li'ro- m atrsome length, gave a report of the Stake. Said, she with her counselors, had made a visit to all the branches since our last con-- " Terence had found the sisters anxious to adhere to counsel. .Many had and were building halls and granaries and storing up wheat for time of need. There was a steadily grooving interest in silk culture. Manyiiad- - planted ttetis and cuttings and some had raised a few worms; she had on exhibition some beautiful cocoons a n d ti twist of silk that had been riised in Emery County: she was pleased that the sisters were willing to profit. by. the advice of the After" which Huntington, stake board. Cleveland, Castle Gate, Orangeville, Castle Dale, and Ferron were represented. Each president substantiating the report of President Larson. Bishop Johnson, of Hun tiugton spoke to the sisters, a short time encouraged them to lay up grain and hoped the brethren would aid them what" they '': could. Congregation sang, "We thank thee 0 God for a Prophet. ' Benediction by Brother - - -- -- m M. E. Johnson. Afternoon session : Choir sang "Great is the Lord " prayer by Brother Charles Sang, 'How 'will the Saints Pulsipher. rejoice to tell." Annie Larsen announced the visitors from Salt Lake. Elder' L. John Nnttall, Sisters Stevensdu and Alder. The President from Price, Sister Pace gave a -- Choir sain?0 " Behold' Sevd:son rMJiiVUtej Fowler.- was the greatest duty of hie, urged the older sisters.to give their experiences to to care theyoung mothers, teach them Iw.v forthe babies wheiv sick, thought many little ones were taken away through not for them. knowing how to properly care A mother's first duty was the care of her children, all others were secondary. The in the sisters should teach house-keepinsociety; fy.lt that ignorance on the subject was the cause of many divorce cases. This should be. steadily improved upon by . the Mountain . , , Wl-1io.- .y, ,"', . Saturday, 9:30: Annie Larson presiding. Choir sang "Sweet is the work my God my King," prayer by Elder Samuel Rowley. Sang, "Are we yet alive." Sister Alder spoke of the inventions that are in our day. It w.as a day of ad'.' ; vancement, if we Were not careful we would be left behind. Urged the sisters to cultivate themselves; we had no 'time to We should brighten up our mind lose. and make- - ourselves useful; explained the Exponent had the careful teachings of the mothers. Our clearly how much good be been to the sisters, .was anxious that the .... daughters married our sons and it should members of the Relief Society should su: the careful study of every mother that they tain it. Advised the sisters to "make a were in every way worthy of each other. Teach them .virtue and self denial. Sister study of the Book of Mormon. It was for the president to study the Lydja D. Alder s;xke of the importance of necessary and members help them to cultivate the attending the Relief Society said that sisters talent that was in them: we "should nnkc who labored in the society would be satisIt was confidents of our daughters and draw them fied with the life, they had spent us that they might 'in reiuru necessary that mothers should attend the nearer, to Sabbath school as much as anything else, make confidents of us. give them to do in the Relief Society. by'blessin.' we are. biessel Our children Elder Nuttall was the next speaker. may be careless and wayward, but if we do the remarks of the former speaker, our part, they will yet come back, God will difference in early times and keep a watch care over them. Be careful spoke of the lives. By careful now educationally, read some of the how we spend our of the Relief Society held in the days We must not lose thought we progress sight of the fact that it is necessary to have of the Prophet Joseph, said the sisters had '" " trials, if we staid in the same place there the right to lay hands 01S the sick. Stake Counselor Pulispher was pleased would be no advancement. If it is hard for us today do as well aswe can for it may with the conference and very thankful the visitors had met with us. be harder for us tomorro w. Stake Counselor Josie E. Childs preElder L. John Nuttall spoke at some sented the general and stake officers of the length on the needs and necessities of the Relief Society. Said that each president society which were unanimously sustained. should take a pride in her society and make Presideut Annie Larsen said the next conit tbe best, the Prophet Joseph said the duty ference would be at Ferron Sang "Joy to of this society was to save souls, gave the world" Benediction by Elder Tliomas several ways how this could be done. . It Hardie. M. J. Sniri Sec. was the duty of the sisters to learn the Gospel that they might be able to convert SAN PET n STAKE- others, many women would, be called upon Minutes of Relief Society Conference missions and it was necessary to inform our selves that we could do credit to the church held in Moroni Dec. 9th, 1S9S. Counselor to which we belonged. He read extracts A. L. Cox presiding, singing "How firai a -- foundation the minutesof the Opening prayer-- y ' Eider-Jamand commented upon it. Meeting closed Jensen; singing, "Now let us reby singing "Now let us rejoice in the day of joice" etc. Minutes read and approved. salvation." Prayer bv Bishon Robertson. Counselcr, Cox made opening remarks. An officers meeting' was called just after Was pleased to meet with the sisters in the afternoon session. Elder Nuttall there conference, but she very much regreUed explained many things that were of great the absence of our beloved president Sister M. A. Hyde, whe is seriousy ill, hoped the; importance to the sisters. An evening session was held, the choir sisters would all remember her in their sang "Behold the Savior comes," prayer by prayers. Roll call showed a fair repreElder-CR. Johnson. Sang "Ye wandersentation considering the severity of the v Elder Nuttall nations. ing occupied most weather. of the time in a very instructive and inThe different branches were represented. teresting manner; spoke of the first orCounselor A. L. Cox was greatly pleased of the Relief ganization Society its aim and and encouraged by the favorable reports how it had been a object, great help to the and especially the increased attendance. church, it being , the first organization of Said it was not the destiny of the Latter-dawomen on the earth and that the Prophet Saints to stand still and was glad to had said he had turned the Joseph Lky for hear of "the advance made along the lines of women,, how many organizations of women-haRelief Society work. Was also pleased to been effected since, and the good we, hear of increased diligence in storing grain. could do providing we', never lost the Said before another conference a new year of the gospel, we should all declare tospirit ourwill be ushered in. Hoped the spirit of imselves that "As for me and my,house I inprovement would continue ,to be manifest ; tend to serve the. Lord. " in all our labors. Conference adjourned Sister Estella Colard sang "My Mountain till 2 p. m. Singing ' ' Praise to the Man" " Home." tc. Benediction by Sister Christina Sister Stevenson spoke of the silk culture Thompson. the encouraged young ladies to join the Afternoon : t Relief Society. r of God " etc.'session SingmgTIie-SpiriBench, Sister Jane Prayer by President Annie U. Larson made a few fringing, "For the strength, of the bills" remarks and said g -- -- so'r:ie-thin- g He-endorse- min-u'te- s . . - - fir5tUT-ganization- - es . , . y d - . - , .. wer.wouldmeet against as 9:30 a. m. Saturday, . the. children's con- ference wouldbave a portion of the forenoon , Counselor A. L. Cox was rnuch gratified of the presidents had ex- - that so many 