' CsTitlur It. Packard "and' 'Sylvia' Sister Griffin, counselors; Sister' Alice Neves secretary, and Sister Margaret A. Dob-son- , Prea-to- r treasurer. We. have but few members as our ward is sulal), but all are interested and areener-gcti'As workers ,s far as they are .able. scattered on our farms, there . ve are rather l;eiug no towns, some of the sislers'diving farthest away having three "miles to come, our meltings are not held as often nor are they as well attended as we would wish, and it. is a difficult matter, for our teachers to As we hold our meetvisit every month. ings monthly we have very good meeting's when we do. meet, and are always blest with a goodly jortion of the spirit of Gud. The sifters are full of love and charity toward each other, ami, try" to follow the example set them b' their worthy president. Trusting these few lines will find-- room in your excellent paper, I remain, Your sister in the Gospel, c - , -- Sylvia ST. JOHN'S G rutin. STAKK. of the St. John's Stake of Zion was held at On St. Johns, Arizona, Feb. 20, 1899. Dr. Karl G. 'Maeser, Klder the stand-werL. John Xuttall, President K. L. S. Udall, her first counselor and some leading brethren and sisteis. t After .the usual opening exercises is said: "This Udall in her remarks confer-- ' for our not the usual time holding ence, but on account of Brother Xuttall leing heie in the interest' of the society we have this privilege!" Said she had visited each society "in the Stake since our last cone - Presi-.'den- ference. Klder L. John Nultall haid he had the sjHjcial mission of looking after the Relief Society, given him while our lteloved President Woodruff was living. "The property rights of the society here are not in the safe eondition they are in and near Utah. . " The instructions I give you will only be.pieparatory for the time when I shall be permitted to visit you in your respective wards, as the time now is too limited? I have' found in m travels that the sisters do not uuuerslaud the object of the organization fully.-- The1 Prophet Joseph on the first day of its organization said, 'It is to provoke your, husbands to good works, to correct morals and strengthen virtue. ' My sisters do you realize there is anything for you to do in this organization to correct these evil conditions? Now is the time to put down iniquity, correct the morals and strengthen the Virtues of the children. You can qualify yourselves to expound the scriptures by giving lectures, reading, etc. Take certain passages of scripture and speak upon them. We are living in an advanced age 'and .must keep up with the times; Take care of your wheat, store it up for a time of famine and pestilence, so when this time comes, as it will come, the grain you have stored away will increase with you and the power of the adversary will fail in this direction." Dr. Karl G. Maeser said, ''I rise only to bear testimony to the beautiful instructions If you will given by Brother Nuttall. abide by these instructions and put them into practice you will indeed be saviors upto-da- r ; tour e pio-noimce- d s-- e . : ex-hibit- ed . " . . - ' - William Gibbons said, we President should carry the. instructions given here this morning homes in the several wards, that all the people might have the benefit of them. for..uardTeeliUKSvIl.IiL.CK)kiijpLaek. days of Kirtland and. seeing the prophet and the 'Temple, her soul was stirred and she rejoiced more than ever in this grand and glorious work. Urged the sisters to read the Hook of Mormon and the Doctrine and Covenants. "Let your children and v STAKK. hear you read them and know that y, en. and you and they will be blessed' Minutes of the quarterly conference of joy them, .Referred toTicr own mother" and her readthe Relief Society of Weber" Stake; held in of the Book of Mormon just previous to the 3rd ward meeting house, Ogden; .March ing her death, and the calm resignation he S. Richards presidPresident Jane1891), 9, when reading thewords, "I ing. Singing, "Come let us anew." Prayer you alf farewell," knowing that it was her by Patriarch Thomas Morley.' Continued own. as well as the prophet's farewell to by singing" Come 0,Thou King of kings." Said we should never speak disrMinutes of the December conference were earth. espectfully of the priesthood, nor allow onr read and accepted. We slmuld feel that we have President Jane S. Richards hoped the children to. is beauty, grandeur house would be crowded today, .so much so HQ trouble, everything that all would lealue. the need of a larger and harmony, even the peace that passtth The prophet told the .all understanding. one, some had remarked that the sisters were extravagant in wanting a house of sisters they were to bless each other. "Let their own. Said she, had seen many faces us banish from our hearts everything'that is evil, and just as we prepare ourselves to si ne'e last meeting with us, but none were so they' will increase. so dear to her as the Saints of God. Spoke receive' blessings, of her visit to California and her meeting May the Lord grant unto us the spirit of with the Saints there, and of the holy, inspiration, peace, joy and everything peaceful influence thathey enjoy in their glorious through Jesus." Brother Joseph Hall had greatly rejoiced It was indeed like a love little meetings. feast to drink in the sweet spirit that was in the remarks of President Zina D. il. present, and to feel the firm hand shakes Young, and knew that upon her rested the and hear the fervent "God bles you" was spirit of the prophet and of the living God. indeed a .benediction. Many there who The sentiments she had uttered were grand . hmg'siiVx left the fold were coming back to and euobling. Gave good instructions and us, which made her heart rejoice. "She had exhorted all. to faithfulness. nothing but praise for the Saints of CaliSister Mary Ligbtner felt that the spirit in of was a their such unity fornia, spirit of the Lord was present. "We as Saints midst, 'This .same spirit was present with should set good examples, we are as a. us this morning, this was wdmt we desired. light set upon a hill. 'Men have testified Some of the later words of our Lord and that there is a power among this people Master were that we should "be one, as He 'that cannot fathom. We should honor Referred to the they and His Father were one." priesthood of the Lord, remembering the Relief Society meeting held in' the the fate of Aaron and his sister, beware of Templetoiv, and the resolutions adopted our doings, speak no evil,' but live to k thereon the observance of the anniversary, worthy Of every blessing that the Lord has of the organization of the Relief Society, in store for us." Told of a recent visit" and the annual membership fee to be colwith a Josephite, who tried to prove that lected, and the need of the same. Joseph was a fallen prophet, how she was Brother D. II. Peery was pleased to meet able by the Holy Spirit to refute the same with. the 'sisters, could endorse what sister and prove that hewas what.' we claim, and Richards had said in regard to the good inthat his prophecies were daily being fulfilled. fluence that is. felt among the missionaries Bore a powerful testimony to the divinity out in the world. Kelt that the mission of this work. ' of the sisters was great, but that they Sister Emily Richards believed that in would prove themselve equal to the duties; our faults we gained a blessing they were more noble in purpose than were confessing could gain in no other way. Rethe brethren. "Peace is almost leaving the that-wthe time it earth, men" are losing faith in each other ferred to her recent sickness and Wondered and a spirit of malice and hatred' is taking had given her for reflection. the place 0 love. This is not right, we what good deed she had ever done without These sick seasons should cultivate a spirit of charity and love. some selfish motive. we We have come here' to be hid in the chain-- ' are precious moments to us, in which bers of the Lord while His judgments are approach nearer to our Heavenly Father, While in this mood Sister Zina had visited abroad, and this should be a land of peace. We are on thefceve of the greatest events her, bringing with her the spirit of health, Knew the .which is in her very touch. that have ever transpired." Thought the sisters should leave behind them a monuspirit of .the prophet rested upon her, and that she was ''blessed above women.'' ment in the bhape of a house. Sister Zina D. II." Young, addressed the Referred to the reading of the Book of sisters. Said to her the faces of the Saints Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants, and were the most beautiful pictuie she could the peace and joy such reading brings into look upon. Her desire .was to comfort and our lives. We should attend Relief Society bless the sisters. She had never had a" meetings arid learn from our aged sisters while they are still with us. doubt of the cUvinity of this work, had reSpoke of her ceived a testimony when a child, and felt' Washington ..experience and how the Lord herself the happiest person in the world. had aided her, that she had been ; able to "The Lord has been so merciful to lis and stem - the tide of opposition that she the Gospel is so grand and so glorious; also spoke of our sisters at theAVo-ruau'- s had there is in it such an inspiration, a power,' Council, and the good they :, apeace. that ,the world knows nothing of! accomplished. It isa very Joretaste of heaven, a preparing Benediction by Singing, Doxology. for that change--t- he reign' of peace it is Bishop John Aired. '"so -;- ; that we have no room Act. Sue. -- -- . on Mount Zion." President K.. I,. S; Udall" said, " We have had a spiritual feast this morning. Conler-encwill now b j adjourned forsix months.'' The clio'ir sang'and benediction was by .Brother Wm.4Gibbons, Makv K. P. FaIvK, vSec. -- A special conference of the Relief Society . EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 11! -- . . f . , i " bad-met- : soul-satisfyi- ng , .. ; . 