f him. Ti 'I-ZZ- "'" r."1TTt -' tutu .yiv:en-- liv one OI IIS MVtlCfti.Ji.rt iuruKsiiiv .hVhi' was sung very nicely by the pisses The iiawan;invuLici ' a '1-4I- ... WOMAN'S; EXPONENT. - ZZ-- i irom the m wnnl.l rf n,nn- 1 "Exponent" j ,. -- " uilt ,.,l.:;,. . " ' Atialade and Madahne hernandez. :brief sketch of our l dors ina favorable ... TCVHfU1 IV '. ' .. and Tiw.r.. e;.trr Kiiulukou irave i till: .11 ... ...v. iu .it.w...,. i i.unji report .of the work done in coin- - in the Hawaiian mission, and we are striv nuiv with Sister Garfi on the island of ing, m our weak way. to accomplish the' Maui, and spoke of the Relief Society as orpurpose for which we were sent! The Lord An Smith. encour.ag-ivrhas greatly bles.d us while ganized by Joseph. laboring in was given by these lands and we are thankful that, we are reort of Laie society Sifter Xainoa. able to ' pend a portion time in His Sister Kekuku.and daughter sang 'Qr vineyard, in striving to raise the jKople to a Fattier,"' with pleasing effect. Sister higher plane pf morality. Our labors conAnnie. Kon reported her labors in eomp my sist in taking care of the Mission Home, with Sister Kipili on the island of Hawaii, w)rkiug in the Relief Society, Sunday spoke of the great interest that was taken School, Mutual Improvement Association, ' j t ..,. f - 4 . .. : . 1 . of-ou- J5 itTf-- ' r jy -- , v7 .V.f:T! xxrr. . i Sister S.irah Ann Sweet and Rawle died Dec. '"V dt'l.',h u, .f U ;Jvai!i Leinjf Lr,'i . 1 JuU: .w i i u rt . . p. i in rr ini ? p ( wui. threr of whom survive her, she le.ivfs a husband vfour years old, ne joi .and five daughters, thm-twn and live Krr'lt Krarid-chilihe- n to mourn her lo.ss "She was correspond-iiSociety secretary of th Morgan Siake sh.e uas Uoti . I. u .1 uc w.is .1 ' L. ohl . . . '"u,u raiul-chiidn- o u Rt-he- 'twenty-vears- f and secretary DfSiiuth Morgoi , W.tul ninteen yeari; both "offices she held at the sanie tim and fille-- them w ith hotwr,' hhe died firm in the Gospel with the hope of a. glorious J resurrection. - Your Sifter in the Gospel, Lvoia Rich. ' MOKGAN, DeC. iQth. IS)S. Rl S )!.U!IONS OK RKSl'tCT. i;; umLof the .branches cf that island. al,o teaching the Primary Ahsociati-mSirter Jentre Mnser encouraged all to children music' We are striving to U'f.ereas'our i'athcr in Heaven Ins s en 'fit in remain steadfast, in the work of God, and to the Hawaiian language and feel His Wisilofn to call h)me the spit it of our worth appreciate His blessings to us here on earth. grateful that the Lord lias "blessed us with a and beloved :ister Marie Olsen, who was orn was represented by the president portion of it; Peace and Qthjibji, in' Store, Linn, Veile.Amt. DenIs in August cnlentment mark. We feel to give ;i few items & her ufe and Conference adjourned until our midst and at the da of the branch. of another wning labors, Sister Olsen e ubraced the Go;u I in the one o'clock, in the afternoon. Singing from new year everything seems to be in a ol country, and emigrated to Utah in h$t leavs the Hawaiian' hymn book. Benediction by condition. ing a good home and pleasant surroundings for religion. She passed through the hardships Sister Xakoi. Ever praying for the welfare of Zion and her incident to. settlers in Utah at .ih.it early dale, Afternoon session: vSinging by - the the cause of tnith we are;" settling first in s,dt Lake City for a short time, Hawaiian choir "Truth has risen:" Pray: Your colaborers. from there moving to Sanpete Co. where she resided for many years, until the Castle Valley C. erbv Sister Katnaka Kleakala. Elizabktii Williams, Act. Sec. Singing ttled, when h x husband Country begn to be "Hail to the brightness' etc. Favorable and hersell were cahed to move to Cattle reports, were given from eight branches of Co , where hhe remained until death rethe society of this and the adjacent islands, lieved her of that dreadful disease, dropsy, LETTER FROM SAXT.. ROSA. of the all were in a favorable condition. September 5th, 1S9S. She was l'r si't-Reliet Castle Dale four about Society years.. Kekuewa Nakuaau spoke on,the restoraI hive taken the from the "Exponent" Resolved, that we the members of the Cattle tion of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. ; Sister beginning of its existence7"a"ntITshall be Dale Relief Society hold u grateful re i- nib ranee Minerva Fernandez gave a biographical glad to know how uiuch is due. t e aid s e exercised in our Relief Snciety by service contribution and counsel. sketch of President Wilford Woodruff. By a letter received today I harn of the that we strive to hold fast to the Sister Cole said we hud met to gain spiritdeath of Sister Staines, Brother Goddard sacResolved, ed covenants nude whh the Lord to the en I, ual strength. We all have much work to and Brother C. M. C nnon. The latter . I and acknowledge his hand in .ah things as did Woman's mission here on earth did net know personally, but perforin. he Sister Olsen. Resolved, that one copy of these resolutions be is a great one, her influence is great and is a young man. The other two I can resent to the bereaved husbmd, one hep'ncedo:i therefore all should try and exert an injoice to know that like our dear Sarah M. the Reliei Society Record and one bM-n- to tilt: fluence for good. Mothers should teach Kimball they are freed from the suffering "Woman's xponent'' for publication. ... their children the Gospel and set worthy of this mortal body. Kathinka Andf.rson, rtfe. rebefore them all at times. Her I seem to hear, the echo of the Ilalleujah ! examples marks were interpreted by Elder J. B. The hearty, joyous welcome ! , The shouts . Hooper. of victory of the tried and true as they pass Sister Hattie Davis reported her labors in one by one to the realms of eternal bliss. connection with Sister .Woolley on the isI sincerely trust that every one will put The quarterly conference . of the Relief land of Kauai, the majority of the branches bes shoulder to the wheel and savethe Society of Box Elder .Stake convened fn the of the society on that island were in a favorfriend of woman, the dear "Exponent" j Tabernacle at Ikigham City, Dec. 13, iSyS, able condition. from shipwreck from the carelessness of its President busaunah P. Booth presiding. Sister Elizabeth C. Williams expressed ollicers, or the subordination of its crew. Singing "Know this, that every soul is "her pleasure in meeting in 'the Relief SociI have a large chest full of 'Exponents" free." Prayer by President Mary Jansen. "exhorted all to search .which l hope to have bound some day. Singing "Sweet is the work my God, my ety conference, and the scriptures or light, for we cannot any Of course there are many other choice selecKing." .Minutes were read and approved. of us be saved in ignorance.' Encouraged tions and liters there, too,-- which I hope to Sister Theoue Michelson reported the. the sisters to attend to their duties and put haul over and glean from if life holds out Scandinavian society, said, "We can com themselves in a position that they can and other cares do not accumulate. fort and strengthen one another when we claim the.b!essirigs that are promised' unto They may spoil me here, as grandma's possess. the right spirit." Sister Charlotte the faithful. ; of. the 2nd ward "said, "We are all are scarce and all hands areanxiousto The general 'officers of the Relief Society make my stay pleasant, and profitable to laborers-ithe same cause, therefore, we of Zion and of the 'Hawaiian mission were themselves troirt the questions asked I. feel proud to be one trust one another. with such good sisteis. " I. very much regret that there is not a presented and unanimously sustained. Sister Christina Jensen of Mantua said, President Samuel E. Woolley was pleased branch of our Church here, but I am with the good instructions that had been to find friends whom I met. long "We have buried one of our most faithful given, and hoped we would make good use ago who have a spirit of inquiry, and have sisters lately and one last winter, we miss of them in the future. them so much. I think we couid not get a Encouraged all to called to welcome me back again. inbetter president than Sister. Booth. ' ' Sister continue jn the good work. Pi esident Woodruff must have beep President Alice R. AVoolley felt very spired when he" presented Bancroft's His- - Mary Harding ofJvTillard said, "Let every much gratified with the meetings today, story of Utah to the free .library of Califor- - mother instil, in her daughter's mind to live ..knew that the spirit-o- f the Lord had been ma. It seems like an arrow oi ngiu - a pure ine, oueuieiu 10 muse piaceu over with us for we had had a time of rejoicing through the thick darkness, and has the her. Sister Mary Watkins of the 4th ward' said; together. Spoke of her visit to the island effect of dispelling the ignorance of many of Kauai, felt encouraged with the propeople and their sympathies aie aroused "I cannot help feeling a little lonely today, Enfor the injustices done our people, how far I miss our beloved president, Sister Olivia gress the sisters wee' making there! his extends I dor not know as all classes are J' Widerborg, but she is happy, my only couraged the young4adies to join the sire is to live to be 'worthy-t-o meet my par- nei society and assist in. n i!ii;g on liic in a' coiwlitiorTtd reach this knowledge; inis ems ana inenas wuo nave passea away. but I find that those who great work of God. Sister Fanny Graehl said, - Although we Conference sdj urned for six months. is a reliable work. it was right: she Singing from tLe Hawaiian hymn book. Trusting that you ma)'' ' receive timely miss Sister toWiderborg should go rest, and Sister Booth is just Benediction by'Elder T.evvi.s R. Jenkins. I remain, , aid, I rjray the sisthe right one in her place Your loving sister, :: ters who are .called to preside over the LbXY.W. KlMBAI.1. Thinking perjiaps that a few Words ; ac-(pii- re Ait-ma-i . : proi-perou- . " - - ' - s- - Dale.-Emer- - nt : pre-sum- e I REORG-AXIZATIOX- - ' ' help-j-Bdd- . eii n j " : j - j , ! ' . I 1 de-n- : aie-ieertu- at '- . -- - : ot y 