WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. 54 lite. U IjOU; lor a "We' thank hvmn. j Prayer by Sister Hrecken ridge. .prophet."k't us anew, our pmrney . Siyging, oll was called and minutes of pursue' previous meeting read and approved. . Members present, eleven, Sister Oden spoke for ashort time. Said that she was thankful that she belonged, to our society; that .the felt like going ahead and doing what she could. would Mster la .vkms said that tlie be and would faithful, prayed blesus if we Ave in the that Gospel. might continue, Maker bore, her Sister testimony witn Desired always to be faith much feeling. ful and do her.iuit. both in the Church in the society. Sister Dixon spoke of the true prophet of God. Said we were just starting and must have a foundation' -- trust in the Lord. Kx- horted us to keep m elves pure, and bore a stroni: testimony to the truthfulness ot the Gospel. Sister Gooing was thankful to meet with us again. Impressed her willingness to do ' all she could to aid the society. Singing, "O, say what is truth." Sister Hrcckenridge felt thankful that she lived in this day of the restoration of. the Gospel. She hoped that we would all go ahead and be faithful, and we would be 1 - i -- . -- - " aa..f . w I ril - a-n- : . - - ' -- -- . Wl'll. blessed. Ml I Hi" sisters then sang, b.arlli with her ten thousand flower.. Sisters Jireckenridge, Gooing, Dixon and Budge each donated ten cents. Benediction Singing, "O, my Father." by Sister Hawkins. Lucy Brkckknuidgk, Pres., Makgarkt Budgk, Sec. av. f We'll meet again hi Zi :i, fair Zion far a vav, And elasp each friendly, hand on that gi in id-'t- 1 , sunset lies; -- : ea p'd t u tl:e even:: W vn T ineet again in Zia, where i pie stands, ivni ten now we as strangers, :vi vv et it) ign lands; As Tomrades in the Yiiijuvard, v. ere so closelv meet, Brave toiling on nudst trials, to tell the '.orv sweet. . - -- How Christ will come to Zion His ehureh t teaeh anew, And ehose 1 1 is verv own, Mis jewels i;,t a few TU l ueu may we nieei :in .on. t.t lone ni'.r. vene And roll forever onward, that land and us be tween. . The Relief Society of Hamburg is in a Then, too, in that blest Zion, the city paved with It is presided Ma we amid its very flourishing condition. splendors, our Savior's face be- over' by. Sister Reicht, with Sister Ahers as hold; counselor and another1 good sister, O, there where Saints are gathcred irom everv land "and elime. wdiose name I do not remember, as second we hear the welcome plaudit, 'Beloved vou counselor. They meet twice,. a month, a Mayare mine." work meeting and a testimony meeting And through tire eotnitles ag's,. eternities,, mi-alternately.' I hey. have not many poor, born, for they are nearly all poor, but through When the purple hills; of Paradise Jtulv kiss the1 morn;,. untiring eflorts, they succeed in almost pay jug the rent of "the hall where the Relie And Life's flown river, tor,ave glides smooth along, Society meetings are held. we join in the ejnirn.- of ..the Xew, Undiang-Lv-OiMay They are earnest workers in the cause, mg-- bong. and desire to do all they can to roll on the I). At.hi:k. , .Wt, N 01 ui nca,. .vueust great work of the Latterdays. They entertain the Ivlders all it is possible for them to ' FREMONT. .,1 some to them a take meal a do, inviting week with, them, some do part of their A delightfully successful tour through and mend others their clothes. . this (the Fremofit) Stake has washing just been the Stake completed by presidency of our efforts- to bless the Ivlders when sent to Relief Society and others, accompanied by , them, out of their scanty store. Sister h. t. Greene Richards, of Salt Lake ' They desire to come to Zion, it being City. their dream bv day and by night. They Sister Richards came to Rexburg 611 the love the sisters in Zion. - They knit socks 23rd of July, and went on to Iladen, in and stockings, let their president buy Teton Valley, forty miles from here where towels and other necessary articles, on she spent Pioneers' Day with her sister which she gets-teper cent off, they paying Mrs. M. G. Homer, and daughter. On the et-that the regular, store 25 tlr bister Homer and daughter accompanmuch go into the treasury. The)'? have a ied Sister Richards back to Rexburg, 'where secretary and treasurer. ihey; were joined, l.)X Relief Society Stake first - " . . . 1 . - A - L- - . . ; n -s- o-as-to -l- " a ! 1 o-- T ; li- - i. I. , . ' . -- " t dav; We'll see the mountains risin. the skies, And the lake on win se fair ."A , - HAM lit" KG, GKRMANY. "v. !", (.AIN IN I" In th Saint s in J'l.vnlitr Lr Sister' Miller felt well and thought the Lord would bless us if we did what we ofiild. Testified that she knew that we had the, true" Gospel. Sister Smith, of Thistle, Utah, who was visiting with us, said she would soon have to leave for her home, and might never see us again in this life; but she felt we would meet in the next. Knew the Lord would bless usHu had blessed her. President Temperance 'Hinckley, Counselor Mary is. Anderson. . These .sisters commenced tlnir lip through the Stake i Wednesday, Je! 2fK 'Their first meeting was held, with p lief Society of, Salem Ward. Conti their travels and visits, they held m. with the sisters in each of the.io!;-named wards: Island, Lyman, Rexburg, Hyatt, Kgiu, Parker, Or a." v. ford. Twin Groves, Fall River, Mary Teton City, Pratt, Chapin, Darby, moud, Leigh and Iladen. With the exception of Jackson's ili,; and, I think, one or two otIn;r small, tered settlements, where as yet not ti. :.4n women reside to form a Relief tv. in the was ward Stake visited. every Pesidts the Relief Society meeting tl.e sisters met with the Young Ladies" r.'M Primary associations in some ilista US, where such nuttings could le ana; u , Sitters Plamm, PJack and Atk joined the company of visiting sisteis in In several infar cts some of the wanfs. they were also favored with the pnVvnce and support of Stake President Thomas Jv. Win. Ricks, hi.s coun-elorRigby, and A. Patriarch The Pisht p li. Hinckley. and other leading brethren also showed a kindly interest in the work of the sibk-r- in most of the wards. s There were two wards in which it was the removal and resignation of - found the Relief Society president rendered re organization necessary; and several of the branch societies were needing to be aiousui and reminded that the-- duties' required at the hands of the sisters e society were of vast uupoitauce, and must be diligently attended to. Hut in the majority of cases, good, harmonious work was being done; and an eagerness to' be taught how ,to improve and progress was manifested by tie brave, noble women who are pioneering their portion of the work of the Lord-ithese comparatively new settlements. In all the meetings held by the sisters in this annual visit through the Stake, the teachings were of a remarkably elevating and purifying nature combining temporal and spiritual matters in a way to be clearly underbtood bv all. .The Relief Society throughout, and the Young Ladies' and Primary Associations, were urged to tike an active interest in all each ot he r's wel fa re to v i sit back and forth, encotiraging and sustaining each other v. 'ith their united faith and prayers, as well as by good words and works. The law of tithing and kindred topics were impressively explained and illustrated, together with nearly, it tiot all,, the principles and doctrines btdonging to the Gospel of salvation, both : for the present-an- d the future life. 'Sister' Lula" (as we like to designate L. L, Greene Richards) being the priucipal speaker in all the meetings which have been mentioned here, took especial cafe never to neglect- - presenting a loving message and blessing to the sisters of the Fre-- ' mont Stake from the honored and beloved president of the Sisterhood, Sister Zina D. H. Young, and her counselors; inrespouse to which, on behalf of the Sisterhood of tl.e Fremont Stake of Zion, we sincerely return love and gratitude to ear "Aunt Zina' ' and her associates; .and thank her and lbemforsendingus.the motherly benedictions and instructions by so; .worthy and capable a messenger as .our dear Sister, " Lula. "';-- ' May the, peace and love of heaven ev Of course they do not use quilts in Germany, so those ayenue.-- we""liaVcTat" to assiit them in home are not open'to-thegathering means. The light, feather led," which, by the 'way, is decidedly comfortable on a cold night, and a' spread is all they have on their beds.. Hut they are so earn-- . est and intelligent, the love of Zion quickens their understanding and the cause they work in makes it a labor of love. . Three meetings were held and one officers' meeting. President Reicht entertained some of the Hlders, and myself, as Both of these famialso did Sister Ahers. lies are getting near the day when they Some of the other sismay come to Zion. ters invited us to their homes also, among them being Sister Schroder, w ho puts every spare ten pennv into a box, thus saving the money to get to Zion. I spoke to the first German meeting, of sisters on July 24. 199. They send their D. love to President Zina II. Young and all the other sisters in Zion. They w ould have all come down to the boat when I left, only that it did not go out until 11:30 Still some came with the brethren) p. m. who would not say good bye, but "We'll meet again in Zion." . in-th- : ; - -- . ' . : . .; 