WOMAN'S ' THi: LADIES I GOD BLESS Till- M.' - . verses were given by Robert (The folio wing: recently in response to the toast "The Grant Ladies" at the dinner of the Tavern Club of Bos-j- n Rrior of those who did service in connect with the Hospital Ship "Bay State:" in behalf of the ladies You ask me to speak with the cohorts of Who shone.in our bout EXPONENT, and L. W, Snow, M. D. I think it is known that Sister Ellis R. Shipp is an M. D. and graduated from Philadelphia. Then on April 3 (he whole class, eight u number, passed the written examination before the. State Medical Board of Utah. They all averaged 80 per cent, and two of e.d After all partook of the good things with wliich the Lord has blessed us a recess was taken, and at 2 p. m. meeting was called to order by President Columbia F. Loveland of the Chesterfield Relief Societv. Onened'' by singing ;'Our God 'we raise to Thee. ' Prayer by Wm; TII!figinso... ..Cixbi-;'sag--D9vha's:x:Kt..,., Olea Shipp, were especially mentioned as Vmoug the Relief Society ward officers with colors,,-thescoming through on' the stand there were Prest. .Mary A. flying behalf of the nurses, two getting 95 per cent , white You ask me to speak on Call and First Counselor Sarah M. Call of .only 75 I'll do it in verses. cent is the required percentage to securepera the Stake And with your permission Presidency, also Prest. Christiana . The ladies.God bless them '."the toast never. diploma. Higginson and Counselors Emma J. Wil Dr. Shi DD Cannot rfrfiv a fns "mrli liams and Hannah Hatch of varus the Hatch Can-.- . From Alaska's cold snows to the sunny eulogy for the good work she is doing and ward,' and the Bishopric of both wards. has done for years in teaching these classes. . aries. President C. F. Loveland said she was while it and drains his The fills g'oblet Man students are scattered all through the pleased to meet with her brothers and sis-- , up drinking:, country and do much good in the communiters, asked for a portion of the spirit of the which the in lies ties thought sentiment where they reside, in alleviating sufferBut the Lord to be with us and said we had met tohe's thinking. ing, and what is better, instructing their, day to carry out the counsel that had been with their dolls little grimpretty Those dear patients how to prevent it. In our branch given to the Relief Society. of medicine prevention is better than cure. aces, Sister Mary . A. Call, President of the their delicate and faces, In kittenish almost any business mistakes can be Relief Society of the Stake, said she was ways Their because and some to dainty Are precious rectified, but in this mistakes may, aud pleased to meet on this occasion, and often fearful, do, cause the death of either mother thought all the sisters ought to take part in tearful. and or the services, and that it was our duty.. readily Adorably helpless child, or both. with and rather plump Counselor Sarah M. Call felt like going tact, .Our successes have only caused us The housewives to feel more humble and thankful to our ahead and doing the best she knew how. The program was then proceeded with. Nice amiable souls with a genius for cooking, Heavenly Fathef, for we realize that He . sin-has given us the ability to understand and First an essay by Prest. Christina Higgin-Are popular still with the saint and the ' ner, opened the way for us to devote our time son, entitled "Woman's Rights." Next, to this gloriously, interesting study, and we remarks by ex Bishop Call. He was When the Chair cries "The Ladies!" man still depend upon Him for help. in our own pleased 'to be with the sisters on this occathinks of his dinner. sion. There was a mission for the sisters chosen profession. The daughter of Spain with the night m her After spending so many months in the to perform and there was an object in hav, hair, With the sloe in her eye and an indolent air, home of Dr. Shipp we have learned to love ing a Relief Society, that, was to help the Entrances her lover who taps at her pane; and appreciate her for her very worth. She poor and needy. The teachers had the to tell the members while going . Delicious! but where are the navies of Spain? truly has been a most diligent and devoted right around to be on their guard and also inteacher, with excellent expression and That new woman is fair no man needs to be ability, thorough and painstaking with her quire if there were any poor in the ward, told, and stated that the Relief Society was a students. She has night in her hair, she has tresses of Told the I had the privilege of attending the great help to the Bishops. gold; men not be to with their wheat if beautiful course of lectures given by Sister stingy But what makes her precious for you and for their wives wanted a to Hannah Sorenson seven years ago, and it peck give into the ' me Relief Society. was what I learned there that gave me a Is the soul which is in her, the soul which is deSister Sarah M. Call then read the min-ute- s great desire to learn more, tnd it is my free. of the first Relief Society meeting that sire to still continue my studies along with Which, bursting the fetters of fashion and was ever held in the Church, when it was my practice. caste, I shall ever regard my teachers as my organized by the Prophet Joseph Smith. Undeterred by tradition and deaf to the past, Then there was a song by Sister Katie true and valued friends, for they have reSeeks a post in the ranks, claims the right to Bevius and company, fallowed by a few reflected the searchlight of truth upon woa place marks by Bishop Tolman. He thought man's destiny aiid lifted the vale of obscuri.Wherever her presence can succor the race. ' the be brethren would willing to help their ty from subjects of vital importance to Jerever here's room for sweet patience wives and Latter-dathe women of the encourage them in the Relief Saints, who and care, 1 believe that it is their destiny to Society. For love which complains not and courage to Counselor E. J. Williams said she felt to bear children and to rear them in the fear bear and admonition of the Lord; and we would do her duty and hoped we would all be The stress of life's battle; albeit to tread, like to sound the note cf warning to those united. Next a recitation by Sister Alzina A hospital ship in. the wake of the dead. followed by remarks by who are in any way. or by any means, Thompson, Humanity calls; and undaunted she stands, e Brother Peter Williams of Hatch ward, tempted to shirk the responsjbilityf degiti-mat.T!?e-is sweat on her on- -" r brow, there We are warned and who said this was the first time he had ' motherhood. her hands. forewarned by our leading brethren and ever had the privilege of attending a ReHo! dames with traditions, does this give sisters against the enormous sins practiced lief Society meeting, but hoped it would "' you pain?- Asked the Lord to bless by many today, and I feel that all good, not be the last. Take heed,and remember the navies of Spain! Christian women, especially those in our the president and counselors of the Stake, "The ladies, God bless them !" Long life to profession, should use their influence to also the Relief Society in both of the wards, the toast, and as the Bishop of the Hatch ward he check these growing evils. A health will be sustained. felt to thank the sisters of the Chesterfield; to the nurses who served at their Trusting these classes ' ' is for the Then there was a song from Mrs. John post v I remain your sister in all that ' k' hosoitai htn ." Detton and company of Hatch ward, folo u, benefit of our sisters. or the Sa 1 lowed by a reading by Sister Maggie Hatch of our country, for you and for Emily G. Cluff. of Hatch: ward. Next was an essay by First "Counselor AliceJTandy of Chester- field ward. AT CHESTERFIELD. DRELLIS R. SHIPP'S GRADUATES. President C. F. Loveland arose and thanked the brethren and sisters for their In commemoration of the 57th anniverR. Shipp V last class in obstet-tio- n sary of .the first organization of the Relief kind attention, also thanked the committee 1Ursin held their oral examina- Society by the Prophet Joseph Smith, the for their labors, and y the entertainment V ' members of the Chesterfield and Hatch, closed by the choir singing MLo the Gen-til- e Chesterfield chain is broken." Benediction by' iLP successfully before tlje three wards met conjointly in the meeting house. at 10 a. m. Everything Brother Ira Call. Columbia F. Lovkland; Prest: the signatures of E. S. was arranged by 12 a. m., and all sat down y& - gUt Alzina Thompson, Asst. Secy. to a bounteous dinner, rD7, H; !A. Ano'ersny M; D. v e ... . -- . good-looking- ;, " ' . . y God-give- n -- . . ' . . . " - J' 7 , -- . -- : . : 