w err "ga 9 di l l The 7 XBon (SUIT o Ballot in the Hands of the Wcmcn c, Vlah should m h W )o Idler the dome, the Stole and the N 'at ion. SALT LAK1C CITY, UTAH, AUGUST i, ,8 90,. CONTKN'IS; n ... a al (lathering , r '. h ' 1,14 it 1 k :( A W .:: .vv: . y ' . .:r ldah 'J -- , J;,.. -- it J nnie I'.in! .Judex Jndioii. j ;j . .. at Sta'ford House Mivdoiiarv. . . . Mis. :Addwm Pratt ..:, .ns , ,;.! (::Ji.!.i Stake. 1. San U.: K. Lui. Mary !!, ' r n:!-Mnth- V. -- v V 1 . 4',. Abroad in London. V.'"- .The Message of Peace her-Ch- i . Julia "Wart Howe :!;:!i.:a!)eth Stevenson. Lllis R. Shipp I Have Time I , the unity which it is our aim to seek after does not lie in identity of organization or Identity of dogma, but in a common consecration to the service of Humanity, in the spirit of that Love which we hail as the greatest thing in the world. ."This may appear to pure idealism, and idealism 'of a nature unlikely to be of any practical value. This is not, however, our view or experience. True, it precludes f us from .organizing ourselves in favor of any one propaganda at the cost of another the founders of the Council who formulated our constitution wisely foresaw .that if we identified ourselves with any movement of THE DELEGATES. a controversial character, we should sacrifice On the platform Were gathered all the. forthwith tbe very essence of the council and accredited idea, which is to provide a common centre presidents, delegates from the various countries. Mrs. for women workers of every rr.ee, faith, class and party, who. are associating themBaronMay Wright Se vail, ess Alexandria Gripenberg, of Finland, selves together in the endeavor to leave the world better and more beautiful than they, treasurer, and Miss Theresa Wilson, secretary of the Council, were on the right and have found it." left of Lady Aberdeen. The other delethe woman's age. gates on the platform were Mrs. F II. GaiTney and Miss Susan B. Anthony, U. Lady Aberdeen reminded the Congress S. A.; Mrs. Bloomer, Mrs. Willoughby that though it was a women's' congress Cummiugs and Mrs. Gilibs, Canada; Frau they had a number of men working with Bieber Boehm, Germany; Frtt Ilierta them. The present age, she said, had been BatTersea Mrs. and called the ""Woman's Age:'' indeed tlie Sweden; Lady New South Creighton, Lady Hampden, past fifty years had produced a revolution Wales; Froken jlenrie Forschammer, Den- in the position, the iesponsibilities and opmark; Madame. Klerck Yon Hogendorp, portunities of women. This had led to the Holland; Lady Hamilton and Mrs. Henry formation of associations and unions of Dobson, Tasmania; Madame Bogelot and women for mutual help; for when woman Madame Oddo Deflon, France; Mrs. Flora found her life expanding so fast in every Annie Steel and Miss Mary Bhor, India; direction she had to endeavor to fit herself Mrs. Neilson Hamilton, Persia; Dr. Cecilia for the new conditions. Younger women Grierson, the Argentine Republic; Madame had no idea of the responsibility which had Shen, Chim, and Madame von Finkelstein rested upon those who had gone before: "The pioneer women who first broke Mountford, Palestine. Delegates were also present from Switzerland, Belgium, Italy, down the barriers which had been closed so Russia, Austria, Norway, Yictoria, South firmly against the participation of our Australia, West Australia, Queensland, mothers in higher education or in any pubThe list of lic duties whatsoever, had but barely finCape Colony and Iceland. women well known in public life in this ished their task, and the road was as yet country who were scattered about the hall rough .nd new, but yet the call seemed an would fill a column. imperative one to go forwaid and take up duties which appeared sacred and pressing, THE SERVICE OE;MUMAXlT:.r, and at the same time' to show, that this sacrifice of our Ladv Aberdeen was greeted with cheers could be done without ,' from all parts of the hall as she gave to all womanliness;' of women The banding together, went the delegates a personal welcome, and exnot be allowed should in on Lady Aberdeen, pressed the hope that during their stay to crystallize into a permanent element in London' they would feel them selves at social life. Man was not meant to live home. She went on to tell her hearers less was Woman. .It alone but-st- ill that; the movement "was taking shape and might be well to have a union of mothers, differently according t the genius This, she said; was but do the fathers count 'for" so little' ir fMpli rvpnnlp' that their councils the home that their counsel is hot needed what they desired, so 1 I' r vr f or "There are many earnest workers in the should be truly naiionaLiu iuuauu. who are watching with anx"4iIt will be asked, LHow in the world present day associations iety the effect on the home lifecof the councanuch" a conglomeration ofcountries try of the numberless societies which have different so in many existing of late years and which, though adfor so many various objects, some grown up and com- mirable in themselves, create so many manione another, to opposed actually thousands of women fold interests that they may tend to separate of hundreds prising and .up- - husbands and wives, parents and children, different-raceof different religions, brothers and sisters, fro m the inat u ral in And fluences which each ought to exercise over work together for a practical end? ; of one another, .and thus neutralize hoihe life.". Vet we,claim that in the .yery. varieties c It was often taken for granted, concluded ami methods- of work klias and opinions Aberdeen, that a congress of women Lady d re, our raiscn lies us which exists among would occupy itsel fin devising plans' where- our teMgr-or:of kernel and the centre the-hid- y Cmwthcr ' Sarah Webb Meeting. J. S. Iky ! the ladies had conic in bright toilettes, and the hall looked a mo jug mass of color. In the end gallery were two Salvation Army lasses, in red jerseys and poke bonnets; a e group of ladies from India sat in seats, in native costumes of soft muslin and heavy gold bangles and earrings. On the platform was a lady from China in full native dies. She wore a bright scarlet petticoat, over which was a loose deep blouse of ruby silk The .sleeves of this had deep cutis of bright blue, on which was worked some exquisite Void embroidery. Behind her sat ne.se interpreter.: . Selected v. 35. vice-president- THE MESSAGE OF PljACE. 'J;e din of battle ceae vice-presiden- ! '"Med be the win.s of tire fur courage conquer jeace,- .', erv fentle heart's desire. ! . ;he crimson Ho.hI retreat ! in the are of love ;iv iia;s of nations'nu-etthe raven, loose, the dove! Tided ; : : . i : Vc-i- altar that we raise a;:d kaiser may nw down; above their bays the sacred olive crown. -- Mt n '. : i 1 ;'a ar.'l holy are the gifts lie has lavished on the race, that quickens, prayer that lifts, Honor's nived and beauty's irace. in .heaven's riht face we look l.cl oar kindling souls expand; ' us pledge, on Nature's book, , to heart and hand-thand. 1 . . lb-ar- t the glory, that we saw r !a ihed)att!c'-fla- g unfurled, s read Christ's better law: 1 Fellowship for all the world, Julia Wakd Howk in W. t; Ret-ziu- s, passion is ubdned; discern their common birth. hath made of kindred blood A H the tropic of the earth. IT s' i .V. Tihus. . AN INTERNATIONAL. GATHERING. ' Oi'hNIXG , MEETING AT THE CHURCH HOUSE. en ' The great International Council of Wom- optued its sittings June 26th. No such gathering cf women has ever been held be- fore." The female sex of the whole world was represented by delegates who came from the ends of the earth to be present. 'What the Council is and what it is going to "y to do has alreadv been set forth in great detail In these columns, and it is therefore needless to go into the matter again. Westminster Town Hall was too small for th? assembly of all the delegates in one Place, so a move was made to the Church the president of the Council, chair at its opening session, and Abenheii, took the "uvurea Iter nrpsuripntiiir ariaress. Jbonu ore vthe. two opening hour of half-pas- t the was filled both in floor and eraller- The scene was strikingly picturesque. .There were a few meii present, scattered cere aikh there about' the meeting; but all L-d- ll Jv . , "V- '""I- ' " Z 2 and-farme- d s " - , 