WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. . well ns our. first, anU out. on o-se- of Millard Stake and of. the L'ooo rej)'ort diligent in season and-b- worK-.tDe-Jler- weruouwg, ir)iug iui.ui) s out the. counsel triven bv the; General Hoard. '1'iesulent Home made some urt lsfr re murks about the training or'nurses, amfth.it t Sister Prised!-- Jennings spoke of her visit abroad in her v, nti ve hud, and the geneal- - ana virtue and every- .;r, righteousness :r..- 'im..... t.:.. t...i,i unng. 1 iie ueiu eouieieuve at the m,, - brethrenonce time as the t-- -i" ' a year to ok a month to do it,' the distance so ira'at. In liltiti Cvan th.-just'aboiit. finishing a new Relief S; ,( ,.,. H-a- - under the .auspices of the 'niL'aL'Jwoik: sl.-- h.d been able 10 do, also Felt very thankfuli: had Relief Society. The "some 1:1 0 ry work, and had met with hall. "I don t know anything tj lls bren such a success irf UusStake. . cause near which in Sunt Relief ford, sick hould he taken care of by experienced 'tire you ;re engaged Society hi good, wdio stood Ivelief the .have the battle.nnd had to snoken She the hiv .sisters; ' Zion of the "had in on and in the Societv spoken' waste Rinninehani, building up 'President Mary A. Call, of' Bannock-.StakeMy blessing uj;ou you a:id other'oceasions, anwas willing to work in t)l thg earth. about asked some ... in rirhteousnc-scolaborers vour alluded" the She to the Lord's vineyard. - i y . which were .answered . financial nutters i lie in where. ( 7r mothers the the Israel struck time when of have iceberg She made .s :;:e very approthis lished A'rni'011 a across the her return Atlantic, 'through society graiid o trip priate remarks and urged all to fdlhfillness, for of our be sisters. assurance the and she had, Kncourage each ot safety also to he humble. con-in in of wh'ieh a she hail cause dream 'I persevere the'paths of wisdotn, truth and - President Young alluded to the society versed wit: her husband, the bite Hon light, and may the Lord bless every t !v.rt everywhere observing the.i 7th l March, and W'm. Sister Jennings made in the interest of truth." Jennings. was .sure a blessing would folio .v. Referred Mi-- s I'essie Kiitnouds favored the audienr-to the Proidiet tiiniine: fhe key of kuowl- - other" interesting remarks... Hinrl'lcv Mrf' beautiful a. njr:oirc' her wah sweclvo:ee v song; t edge for 'women and the .wondrrful things j visit a a Pro'l-s-oof from like mout the above. Stake, spoke peal through, "Kememher that had siuee 'Transpired. .what blessings have been pronounced comity recently iiiideWIien she had the P.vau Stephens kindly accounvinied heron L. L. Greene the organ, to both of having whom the sisters were upon the haiular.iids of tlie Lord since that pleasure v very grateful lor the courtesy. I feel as though I was looking upoih' Kich;f rds'Ticyi im pan her: the trip occupied day. two weeks. LvcrvwJiere irood President Ann C. Woodbury, St. Gtor-.r,hid they the frees of. the angels when I look at my a.id-thSpirit of the Lord was Stake, realized the importance of the society '.meetings sisters and know 'what .they have pis-eIn s une wards the worc. Cilice August, she, .with other ms- out.; through and euduted and bo lie," and the richly poured" almost was h id of traveled over three hundred l:iiles ters, entirely composed sacrifices they have made. Let us live so society ' all the and held nineteen meetings. In St. George young .married - w men,; :n. tact, that we may know, what is best fur u.v" . ... tne .Make were the silk industry had a good start, and much A i lor some instructions in reference to k young marrieo women-enrolled in the'Relief Socie-lvhad been'done througliriinited effort. She tithing, which were in answer to questions Counselor Mary A White, Heaver Stake, t rxjuic uvuiuic uiiui inuv'on uom tiose that had been asked by the sisters from a was-noC. President C. Shepherd experienced judges wdio had examined the distance, tlH.congrcgation joiuexl in singing regretted present, but she had visited the Stake with quality of silk raised in Dixie, that was V Praise to the man who communed with her and found the societv in all the branches ouue encourainiu''. t ne : N.V tr n o Jehovah." i in good .condition, the sisters striving to do press forward in every good work, temporal The secretary. Mis. K. B. Wells, stated their whole She also bore, her" testi or spiritual. Bore a strong testimony of duty. that President- Jane S. Richards and Presi mony and exhorted the sisters to. teach their the truth of the Gosnel. deiit Sarah J.. Cannon were both absent children to be lionet and industrious. V President Joseph. E. Taylor, of the Salt from the conference, detained at home should to each other while Lake Stake, realized there was. not time to sp.ak kindly through sickness in their families, and rehere in.'this, life, ai d not wait' until after enter largely into one subject, but spoke, quested that they be m'.ntioned in the death, but domore.good to each other now. of silk the of and his industry, closing pHtyer, ami thM all unite their frith Virtue, she said, vt:s better than riches, let j ardently knowledge of. President Prigham Young's in be ball of the sick, that they' might 'be us be m our f and our lives; pure tithing e'lons to establish it asa permanent industry restored to health.. should not; be forgotten .early .in the settlement of Utah.' He inBenedietou was pronounced by President Counselor Mary I'iagley, Bear Lake Stake, structed the society to do all that wn pos- Home, "there' a was not case of in sickness reported sible to make a success of the enterprise. Afternoon session, 2 p. m. PresidenUZina their entire Stake',' but there was a society President Taylor referred incidentally to, I). II. Young presiding, opened with singsister .to attend to the sjek. in the other matters pertaining to the duties and Spoke ing "Our God we raise to Thee' Prayer highest terms of praise of President Julia responsibilities" of the sisters in the benevoby President P. A. Hammond. Continiied Lindsay and the good work sb" wis lent work amorg the destitute, the sick and the "For of the hills." by singing strength accomplishing, though she was 76 years of the afflicted, anil other obligations resting Minutes of afternoon session of the April age. upon the women of Zion, and blest them in conference read and accepted. President Jane S. Coleman, Wayne their noble work in the name of the Lord. President Mary Pilchforth, Juab Starke, Stake, gave a glow big account of what had President .Zina I). II. Yroung made a,, few re)os ted iOiery thing favorable of the society been done in that county in the interest of closing remarks and announced the evening except Kureka, which it was intended to the thousands of mulberry She rejoiced in the trees put out last spring, and more would meeting. reorganize very soon. Singing, "Ldfd dismiss us." Benedicwork of the society and the Latter dispenbe planted the coming year.'- also tion" President Hammond. They sation of the fulness of times. .Gave some had several houses' of their own and a livening meeting at 7 o'clock, President items from her 'experience and alluded thousand bushels "of "wheat stored exan Zina D. H. Young presiding, 'commenced briefly' to the time when Apostle Woodruff cellent showing throughout. with, singing "Glorious things of thee are came to Kugland and baptized nearly all the Following this, President Zina IX H. spoken," by the Young Ladies' choir of society of United Brethren, and she, a Young spoke most silk emphatically, upon the 20th. wardMrs. Maiy F. Kelly leader. young girl,. offered herself for baptism. Her culture, and enjoined it up m the as a Prayer by Bishop Xymphas Murdock. society family, were all opposed, but she had been duty that should be considered important. Singing, "Should you be inclined to centhankful then and ever since that she heard Spoke of President Young's, work in this sure." the true Gospel and had been able .to en- - direction, his advice to the Latter-daSaints President Bathsheba V. Smith spoke lure all trials and persecutions,; and hac make sericulture one of the chief indus jto upon the, grand work of the Relief Society )eeu abundantly blessed. tries of thisVouhlry, and that and the love, she had for such benevolent President Mary John, Utah Stake', made would follow if his counsel were obeyed. labors; also an excellent, report of work accomplished, spoke of the divine mission of the indifference of the people Regretted Joseph Smith and the greatness of his work and referred to the. quantity of grain stored and entreated the sisters" to l:lo their the- ea'rth. and the- good feeling manifest throughout to in the work now Rejoiced the silk industry f and first of all, upon Vv,.L, fi promote the county when she visited the, Stake. uciiig uoue in tue iempies ot our loru, to set out cuttings of the mulberry. said that was the work to which she was President Lucy Grant,- Woodruff take, Several of the sisters told what had h(-devoting most of her time,: an(i entreated. ' repoited the society in good condition, had done for silk iri different President places. the sisters not to visited all lit1 branches during the summer. John said three hundred pounds of, cocoons tives who had neglect those of their relaa They hela officers' meetings .regularly." uact been raised m Provo. ' passed away .without Theirs being a new Stake', they had not yet knowledge of the Gospel. "May we be able Hammond Presidejtit San represented commenced to lay up grain, but intended to w uuuwaiauu auu icrave tne uiesbiua uj. Juan Stike, in the absence of his w ife. He the this fall. celestial kingdom :.;.: ith J Joseph the said he always had been interested in RltVf Counselor Angeline Hinckley gave a Prophet, who was one ofthe esynen, SotyjrieetingsJvnew the sisters taught J: perhaps thtrreatesrexcept thegreats Savior, and it shonld be ' ' ' v . . . is-ii?- na Lou-!on- , . 1 q'ue.-.tion- -. s v . - : j j j ' ' I ; I'n-kidiMi- Ti-t- f j i - 1 1 i. . -- 1 of-musi- j i Si-l- er ; . e d ; 1 i ; . 1 . j . . i 1 t - -- - . " silk-culture- , , - ' . y ..." " the-ble.-sinjr- ' - - J$ -- 1 T" 4 i" -- -- - n . - . . - .iri .A.. i , 