107 WOMAN'S EXPONENT, CALIFORNIA. w Woman's Exponent:. the The souls of the Saints, especially this ters of the Relief Society throughout Editor to - rejoice by eain of the fact' that we have received a kit from Sister Jane S.Richards of Ogdeii. of December Sister During the latter part C. C. Richards accompanied her .sdnHon. Ricbards,aiid wife who were seeking health While and icst and aime to Los Angeles. visited the Relief there Sister Richards of the Saints of that Society of the branch an opportunity of seeing a e city and had how they were getting along, and of them along "the line of Relief is carried on in Zion. Society work as it We have a good society in Lo Angeles. Sister Woollacott, now visiting her daughis the president and ter in Salt Lake City, of officers and she has a good .company members considering the size and strength 'of the branch.' They are devoted to the work of the Lord and are faithful workers The president' is a good in the society. leader among women and by her wise' and careful management and the hearty support rendered by the society they have always which to "got money in the treasury with assist the needy. Sister. Richards did much to encourage and strengthen them in their noble work. About the 24th of January President Franklin' D. Richards honored us by a ' visit to this mission and arrived in San Diego, Sister Richards having reached there On the' 26th they toa few days before. gether attended the Relief Society meeting which convened in the house of Brother Charles H. Hoag, the branch president, and though they were few in number, yet when. President Jewel had conducted the opening services and Sister Richards proceeded in that wondrously kind and pleasant way so peculiar to her to tell them of the trials and afflictions through which the Saints had to pass in the days of the Prophet Joseph and the early days of Utah, of the blessings of the Lord that had been showered down upon them as a reward for their obedience and devotion, and of the present standard of usefulness .they have attained through their untiring labors in the great work, the sisters listened with rapt attention the while, the love of God enkindled in their hearts, filling their souls with light and joy and causing a sense ot deep appre nation of the Gospel to fill them such as The they had never before experienced. .spirit of the Almighty accompanied the words of dear Sister Richards in a most remarkable wray as she dwelt upon the earlier President Richards scenes of the Church. spoke words of comfort and blessing to all. On the Sabbath besides attending regular services in the hall Sister Richards met with the Primary Association at the home of Sister Gabrelson, and there after the exercises of the little ones, which were indeed most creditable both to the children and to Sister Buehorn who has charge of them, she talked to these little "ones until she won a place in their dear little hearts that she : will retain while they live. after spending about tec days in that renowned but greatly over estimated health resort, San Diego, the party consisting of President F. D. Richards, Sister Jane S. Richards and their son Charles and wife returned to Los Angeles,: the latter on their way to Utah, while the: president and wife jonhave -b- een-made lit-tiin-struct- ' : . 1 remained and attended the meetings of the Saints on the Sabbath at 245 South Spring Street. This branch through the uutiriug efforts of the Elders who have 'labored here and the blessings of the Lord has grown aud increased in numbers and is our strongest branch in the mission, numbering alOTt" There "one hundred and thirty members. is a good Relief Society 31utual Improvement Association and' Sabbath School, .all in splendid condition. Brother and Sister Richards attended the Sabbath School and the meeting that followed,' it being fast day, and mingled their testimonies with those, of the Saints, and their soul inspiring words were as precious gems to the Saints, many of whom had never before listened to the sound of the voice of a living Apostle. When the visit at Los Angeles was,ended the party took train for San Francisco, and the headarters of the California mission became the. resting place of - our beloved Sister Jane S. Richards and her husband. Be assured, dear editor, we all regarded ourselves as highly - honored in having the privilege of entertaining such distinguished persons as an Apostle of the Lord and his This may sound precious life companion. somewhat strange to some of the readers of the ."Exponent, " but if they had to spend their time among the wicked and ungodly in the midst of a mess of man made religions, the principal elements of which are doubt and uncertainty, they would learn, perhaps, as we have, to appreciate the privilege of beholding a servant of the true and living God, and of listening to the words of life and salvation from his mouth. The Relief Society of the branch in this city, of which Sister Ratteribery is the president; convened on Thursday at 3 p. m. at the mission house, and alter some local matters hadbeen attended Jo Sister Richards addressed the meetings and I would that we could give a verbatim report of her who speech and that of President Richards followed, if for no other purpose than that we might have them to refer to here, for crystal-ize- d they sparkled with gems of thought into words which as they fell upon the ear caused the souls of all that heard them to thrill with joy. A surprise party was projected by the sisters so that the president and his wife could see'how the San Francisco Saints conOn Thursday ducted such gatherings.. house evening about 8 p. m. the mission which was besieged by the' attacking party filled the house soongamed an entrance and Over a hundred to its utmostcapacity. were present. A program of songs,; recPresi. itationsetc, and then a speech from hearts dent Richards, smiling faces, happy and love abounded. Brother and Sister Richards visited the Collins homes of some of the Saints, Sister of this city, Sister Sumner "of Oakland, and then took their departure for Sacramento met with where on Sunday the. 12th they meeting, the Sabbath School and forenoon Relief Society the and then at 3 P m. with St. at the home of Sister Smith, 405 15th - . . " and blessing. In lhe evening at our regular hall President Richards was the speaker and he delivered a gobd sermon to Saints and investigatdrs who had gathered in to hear the word of God.' On the day following President and "Sister Richards took their leave for their home" in Ogden. We in this laud of sunshine and flowers, of drouth andJ earthquake, of . Christian churches and infidel congregations, of gigantic ideas and small souled Christian ministers, deeply appreciate a visit from the of the true Church tried and trusted of Christ.' Hattiu HISTORY OF Twas lhe ijt of 1 M. Nyk. HE S.LK WORM. May in 1S9S, We are quite sure about the date, "For en that day the first worms hatched, And on the 14th the second batch. "On the 15th no worms did gladden our sight. But on the 16th a fine lot came out all right, Oa the 17th only a very small Jot, But on the 18th they made it hot. . On the iyih pf May our hatch was ended, And with hopes and fears continually blended Lest they should be too hot or too cold, Our trials ai:d troubles can scarce be told. We were up every morn when the clock struck five, , . For an early feed would make them thrive, Twas gather leaves here,, and gather leaves there, With never a moment to sit on a chair. At first on one row they nicely lay. But on one row they would not stay, But quickly spread to a dozen or more, While our labors were increased fourscore. But just when we thought we couldn't live, For the constant cry of the worms was Give Oh t. ive me leaves, or you will see, Not an ounce of silk will we make for thee. On the 27th of June, on the end of a shelf, We found what to us was better than pelf, Twas a single fibre, t r silken thread, This told the tale and ended the dread, - That had entered our souls, our work was done. . No longer now from sun to sun, Must we gather leaves, but down on a chair We can quietly sit, and stare and stare. -- At the worms while they hide themselves from sight, Rolled up in a ball so snug and tight. -This ends thetoryof the siIkworm's life, Composed of hope and fear, joy and strife. M V.N. Hall. ienicallv constructed tele in Vienphone stations have been provided in na, and with them has come a reform the dress of the telephone girl. Experience on the has'proved that the dust lodging clothes of the girls gets into the instruments and interferes with the effectiveness of the service. To avoid this the girls are now office required to wear a uniform during their On their arrival they doff hours. thfe auu suu- even meir Sister Fanny H. Thackham, uoois, street clothes, the appropriate manner welcomed, tute dresses provided oy me government. testmed visitors from Zion. The sisters all The dresses are made of stuff like that most deof.their and cloaks. They are dark in to their love of the Gospel, dust for used termination to remain steadfast to color, and on the sleeves are yellow stripes, of 1 Deans pnceiy trpwed n:Wrio in imitation of the. national colors., Chicago mem , in her speech, among. the same method to reduce has adopted wfll be,remembered by all A in the operating rooms. Rich. , dust President wh.le ent for many a day, ards spoke forth words of encouragement Pnt, thed. ; 