WOMAN'S KXi'ONKNT. 31 round' of domestic duties, "hldi by women might be emancipated from the arduous b cues and duties of home. That was not-th- j was the "beg inning of aJl vein and tfeat- Pacing from. the lighter. ideal of their piogres. They 'held, she . the e.tker con-- ! VO!ll- .Jw...rlt),r till! f!w !.,? ..il,! ing her subject scriou.-Iymaintained a nigh 'ail's find mission mu ;t. be her home, and tended that women and that 'literature merit, by it she won). ever be 'judged. The average of literaty a succeful held for worn-- I t ... .t .11 ......, t'liirh nv. was undoubtedlytheir wai a u;uu wmuiij, uieaiii 01f ;:n .gieat strength lying ""meant, in other words, i land of better, en to cultivate, in their feminine ouileo.c. happier, truer and holier homes. There were other p.ipvis a:,d other f&INTKKNATIONA I, (IkKKTINGS. ers, but the honors of the Mttmg .rehtea as unaniThen came a long se.iies ot speeches from with Mrs. Steele, whose vaddrt ;su l;'c ;tu;enl ol mously voted to be a Mrs May Wright Sewal thctleleKates. gave a blight account of the rise of the the subject. As on the opening day, the different secmovement which began to take shape at the Chicago congress of women. Mrs. tions were again well patro::d on June Sewall put in a plea for tolerance aid for- 28, thus showing that the iuhi- st in the An tker c who Congress is well, sustained. Baroness Griperiberg, bearance. spoke (as indeed all- the foreign delegates tiou which attracted a large r,:W: dance, which discussed rescue work. .It .ts did, with the exception of Madame Deflou and Madame Sh'n) in very good Knglish, under the presidency of Mrs. Benson, willreferred to the present state of her country ow, of the late archbishop, nnd was held in the Convocation Hall at theChurcMIouse. (Finland) and to the "local difficulties" - BMiss Susan which were in the way. "Lady : Frederick Cavendish", in a "very ad.Anthony spoke of the States, and Mrs. earnest, but at the same time amii.-inBoomer for Canada. Lady Battersea and dress, spoke of the work of the Church Lady .Hampden followed, the latter saying Army among women, and explained .somethat' women led "tin. movement for the federa- thing of the character of the class' dealt tion of the Australian colonies. An interprewith. .By' way of illustration, her ladyship said from that quoted the case of the Chinese Km'ussy ter of sixteen who had Madame Shui was sent to the conference knocked her sister down. When spoken to He about iw the girl's answer was that she by special orders from the Kmperor. controverted the opinion that women "only happened to flap up against her sisin China were not good for anything. ter, and didn't mean nothing." was an erroneous That. entirely There-waimpression, quite a numbei of interesting he said, amid laughter. speeches on this subject by delegates from anithe other an was different countries, and it was evident that Among speeches mated one from .Madame Finkelstein the audience were in cordial sympathy with Motintford, who, to show her cosmopolitan movements having for their object ,the claims, said she was a Russian born in rescue of the fallen. Turkey and married to an Englishman. Another striking paper "was that delivDoily Cncm'cte. ered in the Art Section Starr i in on the spirit of purity art. "I do not underrate cleverness," she said, "when WOMEN IN LITERATURE. ; cleverness means real power. Hut what matters power and style, if the motive of the An interesting feature. of the International Congress of Women has been the large work be unworthy or irreverent? One number ol new recruits drawn "from the thing is certain," she declared, "though the greater responsibility must always rest ranks of society. At St. Martin's T own Hall on June 2S, with men who are stronger, yet neither good nor evil can exist in- the world withwhere the subject of "Women In Literature" was under discussion, Lady Helen out the consent of women.!! An attractive feature, so far, at the sectionGraham and Lady Cynthia" Vincent were al meetings has been the floral decorations. cordially welcomed by niembers of the ConThe topic under discussion was The rooms have been tastefully adorned gress. with roses and other flowers, and-theffect evidently. an attractive one to a large num been has In this respect very pretty. ber of delegates, as the room was well filled, Battersea has been a generous and the remarks of the various speakers Lady Mrs. and were followed with much interest. Reggie Bingham-another ladies have responded to the Mrs. Flora Annie Steele Was the first to many to made them, while there have speak on. the subject. She carried a bunch appeal been many willing hands ready to arrange of roses that matched the.chiffon bow at her throat and the flowers in her neat round the floral gifts to the best possible advanthat. The novelist's regret was that the age.There were two receptions on June Vsth time limit would only allow of the" most after the work of the day was done. . One primary interpretation of the subject. was held by Mrs. K. Beer .at 7 Chesterfield Nevertheless, she made good use of the twenty minutes allotted to her.' Women gardens, and the other was at Lady Batter-- ' 'It awc cn in literature," she said, was a subject which sea's house at Marble Arch.that did arranged not clash as" regards they took one back to the beirinnimr nf nil mere a was aim large gathering at things, and she hazarded the opinion that if! tunc, ; each. nve naa not bartered her paradise.of purity Lady Battersea's reception Tuesday eve-- " for a paradise of love, of the literature of the world would never have ning for the delegates .of the Women's Congress was numerously attended. been ..written. ' The house was prettily decorated with This novel assertion tickled the y, and Mrs. Steele amused them palms and pink and white flowers, with still further by declaring thatitfla&juixMnaft iarge nowis rfifererrrrcceplion rooms. Lord and Lady luuuuuiv wno was me author of the first battersea received their guests atthe head document. She mot likely "cut the first of the; staircase, Lady Battersea looking notch m a stick as an aid to memory m the handsome in gray and white. brocade, with emerald and diamond stars in ,1ml'..1 . ,.f 1,... uic.-son il. ...ine coi r ige , 'i...uvi14 ' 1;-- . : hair art . oiue oi.uic pui) women pri :it v.ere .the Duchess of Sutherland, in p satin and ar!s;- Lady Randolph' Church-illUv' in pale pink with some ments in her hair; while Lady Lh;, r Pun. comb was looking quite lovely kua'e ul. low, with' a necklace of pearl J and'dia. ti'Oiuls.- .Miiong oiuers- mere v,i;c 14 Aldeen, Lady liaicourt and is.. As1 e ' , . . ' de-b- - , ! -- - - - quith. . ma-teil- - s-- . wa-th- at -- " g a-gi- u-u- al s Can-zfen- by-Min- - - -- e con-tributo- '?. - - ' three-quarter- - s r, NOTHS FROM IDAHO. :7.t nuin$ V; vV'.v;: 'Thinking a little sketch of 01:;' v0u:tV would be interesting to' t!;e leaders of t!v j.lCx ;v)Ni'NT, we.iorward. the it dh i:i'g This branch oMhe liehef S(;ciety wah There are. ten August 7, it'qS. waids in the .Stake, each having a brand' I of We have visit. d the society". branch twice and held two couterehces a::il sill hold another" on the 21st of August. In making the circuit of the Slake we have V to travel about two hundred miles. . ; . were received and treated well by the peo ple, and iound the society 111 go. .; condition, considering the scattered Cviiuition of me peopie. Dr. 1C VR. Shipp is here in Pucatello, teaching a class in obstetrics and nursing. Light from this Stake are in. attendance. Kver praying for the success of the R, 1 . elief Society-work- : , I remain, Your sister in the Gopelf Annus Hikd, Cor. Sec. . ' A PASSING THO.UGHT. The poor, the miserable, the vicious,, the never be reached except by depraved Benefits scornthe spirit of sympathy. fully flung to them, as we would scarcely fling a bone to a dog, will neither improve their love nor touch their hearts. No deep abiding good will be wrought by abandon the stimulus of hope. Socially there must be a far greater awakenuient to the sense of duly. At present the few are liberal, jhe many are shamefully uncharitho.-ewh- o ma-'niGceiitl- table. It has become a question of the day that the rich should more and moreftd the nuuilt of a selfish biirv., unaccomnanitd by either public munificence or private generosity. Let them, Iqt all, look well to it to they have no share in the interests crime; no investments in gains derived from the causes of human misery. If each one swept thoroughly before his own door, the streets would be clean. There is a judg1 ' ment., . r JUDKX JUDICII. Tin? publication of "Nicholas Nickleby freed Kugl and from the low class of. private interest in schools, assured a national education and the better trainings of teachers, and helped to reveal the fundamental principle of true discipline income or school, that all' coercion is d warfing There are its effect on character-grwth. many teachers and parents who still need to ods-owide-sprea- d : w-- o . audienc-immensel- jores . coercion cripple the iudiyiduahty 01 liHrTJttprlvenr true sell hood, the divinity of its nature. For them "Nicholas Nickieby"; is one 0 the best of all books. They should rerul it once a year. Tie Century. . 