oraai e " ; s.-?.:- 'The Ballot, in the' Hands of the Women of Utah should lr a Power Vol. SALT LAKIv CITV, . : contents. ' : i y J, S. Wijolley 1 i ! '! S l; J 57. 5- 59. '.'t'.' 1 J Kli.alcth L Peek (leneral Cor. fere na. '. I ). ..,,.... Cm, V. .. ,. In-nea- . 1. h the t die u No iliat ever , n'.oan-ing- s b;eaing.' beneath d.a;.-- aVt'd?cr." "(amie from the sea . deal; rr J'.vlr C. . C d. l Where diamonds gleam- and glitter amid their floating hair, view- - a grim, Come forth-and face so ' . - -- fair." Wc'igall IV. ON THE U. S. M. STEAMER. M. . Al l . I. vailing, sailing over the sea o blue, fair America, the land we love so i'roni .Awav S.t;!::v4. tV'.a h:;'s the brave St. Rani, renowned ();;: :r:fe, o'er the rippling waters. Idled with human IJounu H:c. Cannons belched their murderous fires, through b. r railings white, AvA t e the Spanish chased her,' yet she gained - - '. ' ti'e right; And :;. e she carried home, a host of heroes dead Huivhf'.s sleeping on her decks, eath's mantle i.'vr t'lern spread; her trust she proved,' and brought theni old.. Yet clear the steps seem more defined, reaching to l.'fflc to lie. Near their cherished honies.'neath Columbia's fair .the sky, :::avc died as heroes f lie. while on the home- Ar.'l ward way, n'er her'side were cast to sleep, until the Resurrection Day. . . T';e siii) that carried hundreds dead, unto. their r.atiye land, Have in tlie waves their precious dust they noth-- i v.; more could stand AvA ' On these rounds do angels come, when' we to die?' the spirit now released' to the home of Rearing are-calle-d To where tlie many mansions glisten up alxwe ? . u And he escaped -- Mid the the Spanish foe. winning in the - r::::r:;,!iant left them far 1ehind, in the closing ' A.'M. Nov, she salis in peace murderous war is o'er, And carries sons and daughters back to some fair, foreign shore; Rcarrs beat fast lo view again, the spot that gave '1 - ' V so sad for e'en awhile, to leave behind the . loved sjxjt of earth I violin's .the with the' 'o:er waters, floating t . - . -- A:: 'I Ar. 1 '. ' ' t voice, the waves so smoothly rippling, in the melodies rejoice, - ijghtly feet trip now, where once the warriors i hv Ar.-- r V.'a tospot speaks volumes yet, to those who live ' day. r.ace a daughter true, weighted down with , . years, ,'oming home again, her loved to meet with .. , skies. We think of how you proudly stood, before the ;aPP' tears; ': )eatk again came on the ship, only a day ; An . i "om shore, plcicfi- - hor ' - . Roman cold and proud, And Christ your Lord defended, m voice severe dnuvn. to beam on And our St. Paul's been faithful, too,; bringing us at in no more. III. t utu with thankI f .xlf land's welcome shore; ' night 'was dark and murky, her lovel ones aloud n,-r--h a cruel iron at hre .side, and canvas ,for a . - shroud,.'- , , . . ;(jTT(1; nr - Th - ' j .: -- hearts, fair Eng: chance-eitherfor altogether a matter of Mrsr Garrett agreed to entertain a' guest if she could choose the nationality, and even America may feeR proud that she was her choice. .. Fortunate indeed was Mrs. Gar, i June 7, 1S9S, on "the rett's guest. ' Sam Garrett, Fellow of Peter House College, is a member of the. incorporated Law Society and Law Club, and Senior partner of the leading law firm in London. Every one knows "what that means, and. Mr. Garrett is all that one would expect' to'' find in a man 'of his posiMrs. Garrett is a superb example tion. of the type of English woman immortalBy ized by writers of prose and poetry. both of the merry twinkle in the eyes is at a loss to discover which bears, the stamp of reflection, and r.lcinn tVmt- it is the com- CULL CO LO fplement of each other. This delightful couple have five sons: . Mr. hus-ife.-or- ; Ltdta" DrAtPKR St, Paul. ' e - " - ' ; tocome interesting s - And ne'er again may clasp 0! hand, greet us on ' Life's wav. our Our lives have met, paths crossed oer, we part again todav, daVs tins last day can-- . So now good bye, like other ' not stay. St. Paul so famed in days of old, Christ s disciple ' firm and true, Oft to our minds a thought has. come, of work by you. . "performed Your glor- gathers day by day, the world your force and power prize, o the Your words and sayings lauded now, evert-t- .n birth, s"-v,- wh-isperin- grow-apart- -- Uut round hang low has come," dark, clouds of the waves, and the puiTing steamer s sound, Now the last day faintly beams in. the brightening sky. And now to many friends we've won, a last, a long good bye. This as a world' has .been to us. gathered from every part. , But now Good Rye, our paths in life must II. day self-mad- love. Hut.' night I?or many-- a s v 1 Tr.a- - to And the Sexton of the sea. mast bring his treasures forth .t That in 'his l)ovm, close hath lain, those of care and worth The sun sets blazing, bright as gold, where sky and vaters meet. And a criinson path co:ues o'er tlie w;ive, to the vessel's feet; can A 'highway .on the waters, no mortal tread. glory hanging in tile ry, now darkening head. And then the Night' her curtain draws, leaving out the light. That sinks Iieneath the waves, away from distant sight, Save where reflected in the sky, are bars of shaded gold, Ascending like the ladder, M.tn bv the one' of ft in Spanish 10, e ? God will say some yu No. events in vonnectioti with the International Congress of Women convened in London, .will he recurring to. the mind, furnishing topics for conversation and data for innum-erahlletters and. papers. The reception given to delegates and speakers by the Otieen, overshadows in importance, perhaps, all others of nature tendered by "Old ICngland" through her most hospitable subjects. Certain it is, nothing' was omitted which could conduce to the comfort and pleasure o her guests. There are, however, individual experiences of Knglish hospitality which surpass all that can be met with in attendance at "public functions, even though ihey be tendered by high functionaries or the nobility A glimpse of ideal. Knglish life is itself. never afforded the tourist as such, and only an exceptional opportunity makes it possible for a stranger to come in touch with that amiable class which is not of the mass, nor yet of the nobility, but whose culture places them so distinctly from the former and superior to the totter, that it makes an indelible impression on the mind of an American; not localise America does not produce this class, but because it empha-sizethe fact that in every civilized nation this class arises under every form of government, but is large or small according to the numberand varieties of opportunities, which reflects the advantage or disadvantage of any form of government. With this class of our Knglisb cousins, there is neither ostentation nor gilded misery, but that conservatism which creates for themselves a world into which a man or Woman, worthy achievements may enter, or through. whose portals acceptable members of the, nobility may glide, and yet all known to the world at large only by impress made upon the public welfare. of women The International-Congresafforded the opportunity in many cases to observe this side. of Knglish J,ife. Particularly fortunate was the woman who fell to the tot of Mrs. Sam Garrett. It was not ng t!;e brinv.d-.-p- sv? ! . bring, moan, will thuir m anings never cease. Moan, '.: e .1 rs mi: That sleep , BEAUTIFUL ENGLISH HOMES. rat greet Kternitv. V Nation. , O sea, give up thv treasures, hidden in thy OntheU. S. M. Steamer. L. 1). Alder ' '.a r and Daughter . . . . Shirley Wynne , witit - of hx bene.'ith ti;e old eye; can we',p no more, d'-a- r iScjq..- ipathy. uttering many : b;!--.-- Must hearts be always to , Fi: State I'air r:..I Notes.. V.: he (. Woman of the Revolution .' Alice , rale 03. .Anniversary Wonin's Medical Col-- ,. i:t-y- a mn.in. Died in sight of j;.,:ne, '1 oj '. ra?u!)oti--- . ii' Hearts brat for them , in . ' -. C. YVoo!lnry 1: ; " nomc, AMix;i Trait !.:""; i St.'Cieorge. A.nn '1 :- . ...Mr.s. . M ! V:-- , Roi;I?!M.u sea;u:t the Stale and the 'thel-fome- , OCTOBER 15, I, Si c Jinds a grave Vcj) in ;U: .V.C. Meeting. v .. ; , Ih:ncs. KnglWi J .c tetter to I ie 