WOMAN'S EXPONENT. !20 days were full (if sorrow. lle..was succeeded of hjs old age, on the throne by Oiner. Omer was a righteous but unfor- tunate king. He lived to be exceedingly "old. and two years before his death anointto reig.i in his stead. ed his Ivmer was one of the best kings of his race. In Jits reign the people prospered. lec;uue "oviiCisT)f " large herds. bV useful animals and 'rich in manufactured goods. Sixty-twyears are numbered as his reign, He and he died full of years and honor. was succeeded by one of his sons, Corian- lum, whom he had anointed four years before his death. Coriantuin was a righteous ruler, and during his reign the people were blessed and prospered and many large cities were built. lie lived until he was one hundred and forty-twyears old, and was succeeded on the throne by his sn Com. Com, the sou of Coriantum, during his reign the people increased greatly in numbers and spread widely over the land; but tliey also grew in iniquity, and secret combinations that a few generations before had almost caused, the destruction of the race, were revived. One of the leaders of these 'hands was a son of Coin's named Heth. This young man with others conspired against the king, and Heth slew him with his sword and reigned in his stead. Heth proved a cruel and vicious king, and the people increased in wickedness. The Lord sent many propluts among them who called upon them to repent, declaring if they did not a terrible famine should come upon the land; but their words were rejected and they were cruelly persecuted. The people still persisted in their iniquity and the famine came as predicted, and the horrors that attended can scarcely be Disease followed and-thpeoimagined. reThen those who ple rapidly, perished. mained began to repent and called upon the Lord, and when they had sufficiently humbled themselves the Lord sent the long needed rain and the remnants of the raaTbe gan to revive, then Shez, the only survivor of the royal house, reigned over the few Shez was a virtuous monthat remained. arch and taught his people righteousness, and they were greatly prospered. He lived to a great ae and at his death, was succeeded by his youngest son, Riplakish. Riplakish greatly afflicted ,his people by imposing on them heavy Lxes, and when , they could not pay them cast them into prison, where he compelled them to labor to sustain him in his luxury and wickedness. If any prisoner refused he was put to death. For forty-twyears the people endured these oppressions, they, then rebelled, rose, and: in their anger slew the kiug and. drove his descendants out of- the -laud, and what form of government followed is not known, but after litany years one of his descendants, Morianton, established himself as king. d Morianton was mild in disposition though "energetic, and during his reign the people prospered and the' nation grew exceedingly rich. He lived to a very great age and eight years before his death abdicated in favor of his son Kim. Kim was a wicked king and the Lord was so displeased with him that he permitted his brother ; against him aud dethrone him, and- held him nr captivity the remainder of his life. jucvi, uie son oi rvim, vvncu no was old rose. in rebellion and deposed his uncle, who occupied the throne,. He was a nchteous kiusr and ' the the-so- - son-Kme- r o . . o . V- - . . e ' . o - . . . to-reb- el - torty-twXyea- c . rs .prospered imxleriiis -- reign, .ancLaL hi,Siieath was succeeded by his son Corom. Corom was a cood king all his days, and he died at a very advanced age, when his sou Kish ascended the throne. Nothing i knowu of his character, but at his death' his son Lib succeeded him. Lib lived many years, was blessed-wita numerous posterity, aTuFtlfe sacred historian Ether writes: "Never could be a people more blessed than they, and more adprospered by the Lord." They greatly vanced in the arts of civilization, they improved in the manu&cture of goods, agriculture and mining'. When Lib' died he was succeeded by his sou Hearthoin After Hear thorn had reigned twenty-fou- r years the kingdomwa's wrested from him aud he was held in captivity the remainder of his life. Nothing is known of his character. For some time the kingdom was ruled by usurpers. The next rightful heir to the throne was Aaron, a son of Heth and a grandson of Hearthom the king. He, with his grandfather aud father Heth and .his son and his son Coriantum also, were kept in captivity by the usurpers, but in after years the kingdom was reconquered and the dynasty restored. After a lengthy war Com, the son of of the kingCoriantum, regained posse-sioAl this time it was divided, one dom. half being governed by Amghid, but after s a desolating war of years Com gained While he power over .the whole realm. to was king robber bands began appear and Com sought to destroy the kingdom. fought these bands valiantly without success, for the people generally were in sympathy with them. Many prophets were sent of the Lord who foretold the destruction of the race if they did not repent of But they heeded not their wickedness the voice of warning, their words were rejected and the wicked Jaredites sought the liyejof the men of God.' The king protected the prophets and whiie they were with him they prophecied many things for his comfort, and he was blessed of the Lord the remainder of his days. lie lived to a good old age and was succeeded .to the throne by his son Shiblon. (Continued.) . - We trust that manv neonle throM ri,, the state have already planted .uumh.-r- bf mulberry trees, and have been watchful lest any of "those whic'.i have grown are in danger of being destroyed. We also wisy to say to those who have trees and do not care to use them. that thev may do a great deal towards establishing this important Indus. fry liy allowing others to use the leaves aud we ass.ure you that if will only benefit the trees even if they are 'stripped several times, they wll soon become much more thrifty, aud this will also be a means of dis. posing of the fruit which is sometimes an when trees are planted annoyance especially " The best mulberry seed can on. the street. also be obtained from the commission. As a whole, the commission feels very much encouraged with the results of last year's work, and trust it will be very much increased this year, in all the departments of work. Address all communications to Makgakkt A. Caix'k, Secretary Utah Silk Commission, Salt Lake City, Utah. s " ' Amni-gaddah- .- Save Your Money And when you get a dollar, deposit it wiui .ion h r;ivjij ixhik v irus-Company, the oldest and hirget having hank in Utah. .Since the establishment of the lank ' l n NOTICE TO ALL THOSE' INTERESTED IN SILK CULTURE IN THE STATE OF U-TA- The Utah Silk- Commission desires to call attention to' the" fact that the time for raising silk is agqin upon us, and we trust that those who intend entering upon the work this year will write to us at once for eggs. Those who are taking up the work - for the first time will kindly state the number and size of the trees from which they can obtain leaves; also the number of persons who can give, their time during the latter period of the raising season, so that we will be able to send the necessary amount of eggs. We also desire to state that eggs- cau be obtained from the commission free; and" we would prefer every one who "is going to raise the worms to have eggs from us as we provide a quality which gives a much better result than those raised by people having littie or no experience. We will also send pamphlet of instructions free to any one wishing information upon the ! we have opened more than 19,000 sav- ings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minora to open .savings accounts in their own name, Mibjoet to their own order. Have If not. ojien you Rich an account? one NOW. We .pay FOUR PKIt VEST on anv amount from one dol-lto thousands, and compute intercut four times a year. WHITE for anv information desired. ar N Nos. -5 Lokeszo Snow, Prct. (ii:oii(;c M. Cannon, Cahier Main Street. . NOTICE. To complete my volumes of the Woman's Exponent I lack the following numbers: Volume VII., No. 3, July 1, 187S; Volume XI., No. 16, January 15,1873; VolumeXIII., Nos. 1 and 2, June 1 and 15, 1884; Volume XVI., No. 20, March 151888; also April 1, 1892, and October r, 1895. To any one willing to part with thera I will pay ten cents a paper, but please communicate by letter or card before sending papers. Address Room 226 Romania B. Pratt, Constitution Eldg., S. L. City. R.K. THOMAS SALT LAKE CITY. - 1 ' ,ect. .' The-Leadi- n& Retail iJash House e.k:.thomas 