WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 62 pel. We had dinner with Brother Rancher and family. At 5 p.. m. left for Pinto and met with the rnmary at 7:30 p. m. uc held, meeting vith the Relief Society and Y. h. M. I. A.: had a nice time. The 5th .we traveled on to Enterprise.. At 3 o'clock we met with the Primary. At 8 p. m. we organized a Relief Society. Re1 4. M. I. ArJ organized a in Pine Valley Talked with the sisters ' on the silk industry. We were showing a sample of the silk 'we had made. They said, "Why don't you talk it up?" I thought I had talked enough. They said "We can't raise silk here, but we can help about the ribbon loom."- I talked about it here and a gentleman, not of our faith, by the name of Marshal, gave me a dollar to- TtJImn Tfnll nut- with mv- " iiik., .j..tand we had an excellent meeting. At 10 The 6th we went on to Hebron. a.'in. we met, with the Primary; lots of fine Met with the Relief Society. fchildren. Bishop Holt attended all the meetings. The 7th. we went on to Clover Valley. Met with the Sunday School apd Primary children at 7:30 in the evening, also with the Relief Society and Y. L. M. I. A. ".. On the 8th we continued our journey on On the 9th held Primary to Panacea, meeting at 4 p. m.; also met with the Relief Society and Y. I,. M. I. A., and the latter. The 10th being Sunday, we attended Sunday School and sacrament meeting, after which we were invited to a water "melon feast at Brother John Lee's. Sister Jarvis met with the Young Ladies' at 5 p. We m., and held a testimony meeting. n 8 nlco hrfl o'tipm! mpftinfr at n. ni.. and had an enjoyable time. .While at Panacea we stayed at Brother Arthur Lee's aud were invited out to other places and shared the hospitality of the people. On the nth we continued our journey over a broken country to Eagle .Valley. The peoole, owing to being in such an out of the way place, have not Deen visited oy missionaries very often. They thoroughly met with the We visit. appreciated our Sunday-Schoo- l at 4 p.m., and held a general The people were in meeting at 8 p. m. from Spring Valley..: The first principles of the Gospel were dwelt upon and we truly had a time ot rejoicing. On the 1 2U1 we left .Eagle Valley and We took the started for Deer Lodge. wrong road and traveleiLon a wood road about two and a half miles. Brother John Hammond overtook us and said we would have a "dear lodge" that night jf we kept on that road; so we returned and arrived-at We Deer Lodge at. 12 o'clock. took dinner with Sister AVhitehead's daughAt 1 p. m. we started ter, Mamie Lund. for Bishop Holt's. Wrstopped at Modena. We arand fed and watered the horses. rived at Brother- - - Holt's having traveled sixty-fiv- e Sister Holt miles that day. kindly entertained us.. On the 13th v left for St. George and arrived in the evening, having traveled there hundred and twenty-fivmiles and held thirty-seve- n We trust we meetings. have done some good in the cause of truth. Your sister m the Gospel, - 11 - . - ed - e : Ann C. Woodbury. Over five thousand women have obtained employment in theflast few yearsin Philadelphia in business hitherto filled by men alone. '' ' National and International, had W-r- 0(xl in correcting wrong impressions and rdlay-in- g She feltto eulogU the SANl'HTK. prejudice. work of the Relief Society in all the world" conference Relief Society of the Minutes . that we as a people had rea on to . . a O. . Thought o, Mt. held at ioyy, be Pleasant, bepiemoer of this organization. Urged upon proud M. A. presiding. President Hyde women the necessity of identify. the ' Meeting opened by singing We thank . young thcmsclves w nn ine society, that they Thee, 0 G(xl, for a prophet." Opening meparetl for the duties and re- Cliff. Ringing, sponslbilities whic await them. Thought prayer by Elder Edward. 1 rayer is me suui Nn.tn. that those who had known, the 'Prophet President Hyde .in her opening remarks should testify of the divinity of his Mission Referred to the said we had arrived at a period when the to the youth of Zion. Rework was progressing marvelously. building of a house in Salt Lake City for ferred to the death of Joseph Smith, and the use and lenefit of the Relief Society. Counselor A. L. Cox gave notice, con. .the trausfiguratiou of Brigham Young whethe mantle of the prophet tell upon cerning Dr. Romania B. Pratt's class in him. Referred to the .strange spirits that obstetrics and nursing, urged the sisters to are abroad in the land to lead away the unattend; also dwelt upon the necessity of of Saints the wary, and the great necessity sustaining the ExroNKNT. for and Lord the seeking Conference adjourned for three months. living near unto the spirit of discernment, that they may be Singing, "Do what is right." Benediction able to distinguish, truth from error. by Brother Reddick Allred. A special meeting was, held in the evePresident. M. P. C. Morrison represented in Mt. ning, which was largely attended. The the sisters of the Relief Society The jwo- - meeting was held in the ladies' new hall, Pleasant as doing a good work. ple were very liberal in contributing to the which is neatly furnished and reflect much credit on the taste and energy of the good wants of the poor. Mary A. KrauUen said:. "The sisters sisters of Mt. Pleasant. A. L. Cox, Cor. Sec. of Spring City ai improving in attendance at the meetings and are performing all the duties required of them. ' ' OBITUARY. R. S. RETOK : 1 . ; 1 vw. . I 1 1 Freedom was represented by President Libbie Simouson; Manfi south ward, by Stake Counselor Abigail Shoemaker; Mailt; north ward, by President Alvira L: Cox; Favette represented by letter; Ephraim, north and south wards, by Stake Secretary Maria Willardson. All these branches were reported as being in good condition. President M. A. Hyde related an incident of healing through faith and prayer. Brother Reddick Allred made instructive' remarks, and President Steua Graham rep resented Milburn very favorably Brother Kd ward Cliff eulogized the work-of the Relief Society, as represented in the reports. Counselor A. L. Gox gave anacconnt of her recent visit through the different wards throughout the Stake, accompanied by Sister Shoemaker. Rejorted a wonderful improvement during the past year. Dwelt upon the blessings to be obtained Imperfect obedience to the law of tithing; also spoke on'thesigns of the times. President H j de delivered a k;ndly message to the sisters from President Zina IX H. Young. . Singing, 0 God, our help in ages past." Benediction by Brother Reddick Allred. Afternoon session. Singing, "How firm a foundation.' ' Opening prayer by Bishop Lund. Singing, "Guide us O, Thou Great ' : . Jehovah." Moroni was represented by Kirstitie M; rtiKM.I i I J I j" UT IKIO;s. Died at her home. Forest Dale, (ktoKr Cornelia, wife of Bishop A. (i. lriVgs, and the late Aostle Parley Mary daughter Wo ! Pratt. The deceased was born in Salt Lake and lived even up t wnman-- j City. Sep 5, hiMMl in the ok! homestead on Tenure St. She married A. G. Driggs, Oct. 5, 1:67. an! at Pleasant drove, Utah Ok, where up her few lived a they' years. Came to Sugar IIr.e iri a!!e Sister Driggs was president of the V. L. A. in that ward for a number of years, and at the time of her death w as president of the Relief Society of Forest Dale ward, which position she held frura its "rganizauon. daughters. irforming - ; I . j j : , Her second .son, M at lion i P., is now a mission in New Zealand.. On the morning ot .Matliom s denarture. liis irrar:':n;etr.er Pratt died. It was suggested to Sister Driggs the he would rot propriety of calling her son home. entertain the thought. She was devoted to her re- ligion, and kept the Word of' Wisdom to the letter. Her example was wortliy of emulation; 'her whule to g life has been sjent in doing goml, one. the poor'and needy, patient and kind to even She has suffered in patience for the last year; was perfectly rre.signed to the Tather s will. The mini-terin- . ; j whole, community mourn with the sorrowing household thc'departure of such a noble spirit, Com. - ; ! - -- Jensen." President, M. A. Hyde announced the arrival of Sister E. B. Wells, from Salt Lake City, who then addressed tue conference. She gave a graphic and interesting description of her recent visit to London and the labor performed by the International Council. The speaker was "elo quent over the Herculean labors performed by the Countess of Aberdeen in the interest -- f ot 7 the Council, and in- showing social courtesies jo. the visitiag delegates, includ- mgrthe visit ."to Queen Victoria and Wind sor Lastle. She lelt that the work the sis ters had done in the Councils, both the : IK A i.-y- ), j f I . CIIARIOTTK WOOIS CARTER HfC.L.LK.. The funeral sen-iceof this noble "Mother m Israel were held in the 7th ward meeting, house, at 12 o'clock, noon, Sunday, Sep. 24, Biop s l norne presiding. sus According to her own request,. the hyrnns Father were "How finn a foundation," "0, ray anil "fnmp efre VAA&v . W-w'- tn'-il- l Amo ' rZ Km Thn StXiakerS - r rpnd a bnet sketch of her life, and Bishop. O. F. Whitney. Six of her grandsons acted as pall bearers, and a the large number of relatives and friends followed,were cortege .to Mount Olivet, where the remains . intered. Members of the choir rendered beauu-- . fully "Farewell all earthly honors," and Coun-. selor. McLaughlin dedicated the grave . .Thursu3 Sister Higbee' passed from' this life ner morning, Sep. 2i, 1899, at the residence .01 daughter, Mrs:. Minerva Cunnington, Salt ' CreiiSon and Levi Farnsworth v'ood tnd was born in the town of Sangerfleld, Keeue -- "tS hV?--o' wW written in iS8; tatter- ' 'I joined the Church of Tesus Christ of omir day Saints .in the year 1831. in the town, ot f Chatauqua Co., Xew York. I have passed througa . 