WOMAN'S - ;.ide with Sister- - ZinaT). If: Voting and t'ae great .and grand organization over she presides. s ,. i ich ' V SAHAII A. BakNKS--, .. a5 their minds never" have a chance to calm down. It is really injurious to their system." Thanked that . . . m-ivou- s lhe-I.or- d she had seen and known the Prophet Joseph , Stake Sec. EXPONENT. fub to live in. the day of prophets ..and apostles. Our children should never be permitted to forget the liie of the Prophet Joseph, and his work. The youth should have correct principles instil K el into their minds. They should be taught economy, th::t, through their extravagance, their parents may not be called upon to mortgage, their homes. Thev should be willim. to minister to the sick, go and lead to theni 11 tney wisli it. How much better the young sisters can do this than the older ones! Do not desire .to be freed from the care of looking after your children. They will all be grown up, and vim will be left alone soon enough." . The quartette sang "I know that my Redeemer lives," President Home spoke 0:1 the tithing. Said: "It should make no difference to us what is done with the tithimr. JIow much does it take to keep the Temple open ? to bring the missionaries hume ? to pay clerks? and many oilier thing.;, We should not try. to diet de to the Church authorities. The Lord will pour out blessings .upon us if ue pay our honest tithing. At the annual ' meeting branches, the piesidhig sisters should be invited to come; it will increase the interest in the respective soekty. A great ot "branches the of the society in' this many Stake are leaving off their work meetings but this should not be done. Our work is temporal as well as spiritual. These be should held meetings oiiee in two weeks, and clothing should be made and and collected for the poor." repaired Mentioned the shooting of a young' lady in the Southern States, who was trying to protect the Elders from a mob. President Elmina S. Taylor, of the V. E. M. I. A., felt that .she had lost much by not beiugi able to attend our meetings. "The Relief Society has been the greatest blessing of my life. Xo. true and faithful worker in the Relief Society is in danger of Smith, and had a testimony and knowledge of the divinity of his mission. She was SALT I.AKI; .STAKE. healed of chilis and fever when she was baptized at the age of nine years. Relief The conference Society . of Salt President Sarah J . Cannon, of the Generkike Stake, was held in the Assembly al Board, said if we would follow out the H ill, Saturday. September 2, iSyg, instructions we had heard this morning, we 10 a. m.. 'resident M. Isabella would certainly see, good results. Spoke of On the stand, beside her sou ibirne- presiding. being healed by the administration Resident Home, were her counselors of the Elders. This morning he had left Annie T. Hyde and Clara. C. Cannon home to go on a mission. When jeople Corresponding Secretary Maria W. Wilcox! who are outside our Chinch asked her what rid Aid Julia C. Howe; also President Ik we believe in, sh.-- told them that we beV. Smith, of the General Board, nnd Sis- lieve in w hat the Savior taught when. er Elizabeth. J. Stevenson. here upon the earth. Some had said to Meeting opened by singing. J 'We. thank her that they did not think we wished to Thee, OGod. for a prophet." Prayer by taik about our religion. She told them Counselor C. C. Cannon. Continued by this was a for we wished every the "For of the hills," man, woman and child on the earth to have mging, strength Roll called: city "wards represented. a compkte knowledge of our faith, that all et . Minutes of pre - the human family might be benefited 20; country wards, 20. v'ous conference read and accepted. President Mary Ann Hyde,-othe Relief The secretary stated that she had great Society of Snnpete Stake, said: "The. difficulty in getting in reports in time to progress (if this. work is marvelous when make Stake report; urged greater promptwe thiak of the small number at the com ness. mencement, and "the great extent of the President Home gave valuable instruc- work now. The mission of President Snow tions to the sisters 0:1 the duties of mothers is wonderful, and he is awakening the Saints to a sense of duty, and t'oing a great ;ii training their children, and duties in the C::urch. "Oi?t of the. 2717 members re- work. Do not fa'l into a state of lethargy." President Home felfthat the- time had ported, we should have a much larger attendance at meeting this morning." Said been well occupied. Desired a larger at- she was pleased to see such a good repre- - tendance in the afternoon to hear the in-- j Mentation of officers. Felt sure that all the siruclions that were to be given. She had sisters could make arrangements to come to received a letter from Sister Lydia J). Alder conference once in three months, if they from London,, and she sent her love to the had sufficient interest. sisters and expressed her interest in the President Bithsheba V. Smith said: work. ine word ot the I,oru to the. Saints is that Conference adjourned until 2 p. m. Sing-- ' me sixers ana me faints stioukl pay titli- - mg, "The. time is tar. spent." Benedic and and not let the names lion by Sister Maria W. Wilcox. mg donations, Wetliren alone appear. on the books.'.!. Afternoon session. Meeting opened by Teach your children to keep the Sabbath singing, "Come, come ye saints." Praver Vaf sony to heap that day hofy; teach them to pray and observe by Sister Elizabeth Webb. Singing, apostatizing." the Word cf Wisdom '' "Zion stands with hills surrounded," by some of tire branches '"had stopped' their .Counselor Annie T. Hyde said: Every Prof. C. J. Thomas, Brother Charles Bar? work meetings, and Piesident Home had one comes here to gain instruction, for this rell, Sisters Maggie C. Hull and Lizzie not given any instruction ' able to carry home to her society something of afternoon session of change. Sister Mary Freeze was the next speaker. tuat will be of benefit. Our report shows une conference read and accepted. r lnan- She felt thankful for the spirit of obedience that the attendance at the ward meetings is cial report read and accepted also. ::ot so large as it should be. There is a great Counselor Clara C. Cannon gave much with which she had' been blest. There, is responsibility resting upon the officers. good instruction to young mothers. Said: a certain reveieuce due 'those who are There are just as good women outside the ."Motherhood-iPelt to love the grandest mission on placed to preside over us. as there are in it, but they have earth. We, as mothers, should lead lives and honor those whom the Lord loved and not the spirit of Relief Society "work. How such as our children should follow. If honored. .Said alL should live nearer many are going to work to help bring them there are some who an1 wayward in youth, their Heavenly bather, for the reins will redrawn tighter, and those desiring to particiin and inspire them ? The younger sisters by this good example they may be influThe Gospel is pate in the blessings of the Tempie must should, be more interested, for it is atioble enced to return to the fold. work of sacrifice and doing good. Man' the same that was preached by the Savior, live better. Believed that the people were "J our nurses are efoing a noble work of and is just as beautiful now as it was then. endeavoring to do better iiTthe matter of charity among the sick an needy t We ex- - Teach your children not to form acquaint tithing. When we do learn to obey our Father, we will then be prepared to receive vet soon to' organize classes for young tances with those who are not of our faith fully the teachings that are given from ladies and young mothers," where lectures that wilf lead to marriage; 'be' ye" not untime to time. :i hygiene, physical development, etc., equally yoked together.' There is much ' Cobb felt humble, and ... Sister Camilla C. '' ill be given. Impress upon your children uubappiness results from such unions. Sister Julia C. Howe felt hersoul lifted up felt as though the' best women on earth were your knee the divinity of the mission of Joseph Smith, that when they go out in gratitude to the Lord for the instructions associated here. Desired to Le active 'in "In listening to them I often ' the discharge of her duties. Was engaged 'among the nations, they may have the" given here. wish that we might have had such in- - now, and always had .been engaged in the pint of truth burning in .their hearts." counselor M M. Daniels, of the Relief structions when I was young ana rearing training of children. 'Bore a faithful teslb But our Heavenly JFather mony to the truth of the Gcsnel. and de- 'Society ofx Utah Stake, expressed great t rnv children,. ine young 4 rtarfd hpr;plf tn pleasure in meeting with us, this being her will excuse our ignorance. " 'itst opportunity of doing so.' Rejoiced in women should identify themselves with the iii every way. Hoped we would be pre- pared for- the sifting. time, which is surely ill she had kearcl here. Spoke of the good j. Relief Society and assist the older sisters, near " at hand. results of paying tithing, and gave many ' for they have had many advantages that to rreet on the 2nd adjourned "The young people some of the older ones have not enjoyed." of Conference jfood instructions.. ' December. Singing, Doxology. have too much amusement, for it, keeps K Sister Elizabeth Jv Stevenson said: "His -me -- to meet with thesis-- " a great pleasure-t. Augusta W, Gkant, Sec. nent follows so quickly upon another, that ters, to look upon their faces. Iam thank- S. ' com--neing- at - - He-wa- s ' mis-take- , -- f " '. - in-th- -- - , . ; J J j and-be-- - I s'X-iet- 1 , vt -- . . . : . j - . - o ' e 