TAN'S EXPONENT. :ever consist in material things nor ultsout in ihe spirit and idea the council upholds in its preamble: tO fi women of the United States, that the lx.st good of our and nation will be advanced by Our mAV! 0,vn'..:c:iter unity of thought, sympathy -.rposennu tnar an orgmized. movevv f ii'i imcii will hni:r hn Ijjjriu" good of the" family and the State, j.'f hcreby'unite. ourselves in a confederation of workers committed to tbe overthrow of all forms of ignorance and 'injustice, and to the application of tbe Golden Rule, to society, custom and law." The aim of the council is- to bring to- women interested indiffering lines .oi earnest work, that thereby breadth, :::: and tolerance may be brought J,lj' r.s wen as a nigner inteiiirence in a .'...!. anu pet cues. fiKeiresi leeuauoji .r, meuts were served by a.coiumitteu of young ,-- Missionary 'Society does not attempt to proselyte delegates t ) become cither missionaries or Baptists, u.r dees tbe 'un;an Republican association of the Sfu urge that delegates al! endorse the'R- m:5.' -- ' ' s 1 r l.i.;vs. All present' s.emed to partake of tl c spirit of the occasion, and manifested a lively intciest in the proceedings-After the program llO ltl . . . f I. n . . rendered and. dancing a used the. eiUertninment, w.)s principle. dumissed by'rrayer, and -- all returned-hling well sUisileal with the ' evening's The council idea is above and "be ::d HtUe diherences. It seeks for the things tu amusement. unite and' overlooks s Society has not been able. to that divide. h Id The council stands' ready to welcome- the meetings 'regularly during the winter Woman's Democratic Association, if such a on' account of the extremely cold weather and deep snow, which has been unusually one exists and it yearns-tlend 'its broadtedious the past winter. ening influence and patient ear .to the Our community has had "its share of if they will come within the ' Kkness and fold. Kach and every some deaths have occurred, organization joining but with the has the same voice and power two votes, appioach of spring the heaith ot the aio more nor less so no one cause can. be people is improving; and seldom has at the; mercy of the others, since it U not' spring in all its glory een more eagerly t,f women. majority rule, luit united effort that is the welcomed than at tin- present time by the inhabitants of Teton Valley. The rotuicil, as an organization, provides outcome of the council. Maktha J,iTTU?t President. a Held and tournament ground where all N. their mainbanners and 0. Smith, Secretary. I am asked what are the caiiv-- s may plant advantages of Urn theJf claims lor consiueration.. joining the council. If you appreciate council The herald of the proclaims that breadth of view with the mountains of KIvAPIiR'S-CMJthis council assembles publicly once' in promise' ever before you, their caps three years to consider: with noble effort and crowned with me Keaper s iui) mei in tlie woman s "Whatsoever things are true, whatso- perpetual light, if you wish to rise to the I'.xponeut office, Tempktou building, .April ever things arc honest, whatsoever things level of your highest thought and attempt . 51, 1899. are to fulfill whatsoever the will be things pure, dohe on . iBlIli-U:iU.dprayer, ."Thy arejut. oQ)ayidIiviugidcSr.. f lovelywhatS'XM er tilings earth as it is in heaven' then" there wlinie was lead by Mrs. Marian C. Hannibal. are of good report; if there be any virtue no question of an individual or an associaMr. Livingston was born near Glasgow, and if here be any praise." Phil. 4th tion being benefited by belonging to the Scotland, in 1S13. He sailed to Africa'and council. chap. Sth verse. landed at Cape Town in i.S jo. Livingtosi It is of these things 'that the council The advantage to a special organization received a good knowledge of medivine is that their subjects are here before a varythinks. and was a student o theology. He al o Tlie:.council represents the highest ideal ing and more representative constituency. considerable imormation possessed on scienr It is the fair Delegates and guests attending these coun- tific subjects. ""His love for (.: org:aimed womanhood. humanity. wa cil gatherings come with minds attuned to great, and court of justice, where the moral and uphim to leave country prompted forces find and of common to conviction. lifting and friends to better the condition of others. progress organization open to order In to balance The the and Mr. Livingatou endured many hardships. 'hearing, defray necessary general adjustment needs of the hour. expenses, national, organizations joining the While in Africa he was attacked by a lion, It knows neitherbond nor free, nor council pay sioo every three years, or and had his arm badly "crushed. " The cried nor sect. no one or any $33 1'3 a yt'ar. State councils pay 6o for marks left from this injury served to identicause but such as its affiliated societies can three years, or 20 a year, and. local counfy his' remains when they arrived in unite' upon: Not all the causes advanced cils pay $24 every three yeais. "in the council meet with theXplaudits or Twenty national and five State and local Livingston being lost for a time to the But each councils are now affiliated with the council. civilized world, Henry M. .Stanley was sent general consent of that body. cause strikes a grand note that swells and to hud linn. ibis lie succeeded in doing, broadens into sound which arrestsaud Individuals may be made life patrons but Dr. Livingston after receiving aid'der attunes the ear to listen for that harmony with full privih.ges of council except cidtd to remain and make further explorwh:chcaii only come through differing formal ballot by "paying 100 to the Coun- ations. '.- is cil, annual contributors "pay and also relie died amid the wilds of Africa on May tones centering: in a common key. it His body was taker, to England 1, 1S73. organized' to listen and learn not to dictate ceive many privileges of the council. a Toxbc asked to become nor control. patron of the and interred in Westminister Abbey. Miss J. A. Druce read a paper on the The organ has many pipes, yet Jhe Councilxof AVomen is esteemed an honor, music" produced by it is grander and more since no name stands as 'patron except it Life and Works of Beethoven, the great represent high purpose and character.. composer. comprehensive than that. of a single instruPatrons are not limited to women, as many ment. An orchestra has its many instruLudwig Van Beethoven was born in 1770 inand at. Bonn,, a town on the Rhine a lew miles .: ments, each player familiar with only his prominent men lend their means of the council. above Cologne. As a child he loved own instrument, yet the result is unity and flueuce to further theNyork music, w'as fond of nature and enjoyed harmony. He did The councjl is the woman organ or orlistening to the singing of birdk not care for T much amusements ,such as chestra of influence for .this century. It ANNIVERSARY HADE, IDAHO. children seeks to unite the usually enjoy, and often appeared many differing voices" the members of lonely except when playing on his beloved and heart cries of women, into one harmoniOil Friday-- , March 17th, 1 ous chant, which will lift the Relief Society heldxan piano, then he was happy. In fact this thought of the Haden ward commemoration of the firstx! study was his chief pleasure in life, the listening world to higher, better things. entertainment in The members of v Beethoven received a good musical edit- To illustrate in detail the spirit and uni- Relief Society organized.limited in number. cation and possessed remarkable genius in fying force of the council consider aeain our society being very the iact the it became necessary, in order to mate a composition, improvisation, etc. already stated that not-alJiering becamof .Ml.advancedlwithinl.tUe.councilireiia success of 'the. occasion, to invite the whole wasHisabout ' years age, and at 28 demeet with united Tav'or or ward. notably support, 'lie Woman's At yo'p. m. the company commenced veloped into fMal deafness, Owing to this Christian Temperance Union house, severe calamity hisjabors as an instrumentand the woman's at the ward Suffrage Association are gathering soon well filled. meeting When all was al performer" gave place to work as a com- Potent and faithful to the council idea, but nrUh wn; " was offered and appro- - poser. woman's suffrage resolution has ever quiet opening-prayemade by President Many of his musical creationswe the been offered to that body for consideration priate remarks were diOi.has-thW. C. T. U. asked the dele- "tamTnu5tfesrt'rr ;:r-- i. he.- onera5 in (YtRcm'vze . to ' iniarcrierccAv,. mUh- t thought -came : f wnicn juui uauwiug alter rtUu:;2nce. sin-belit- i -- , rt ( ve ; 1 lM-- J ' . had-lieezi- . ' . ; a . ' Our-Ueiic- f the-one- - - anti-suffragist- s, b1- . ! - B. white-toppe- d ; s. -- . It-promote- s ivng-Jan- d. ' . '5 a ' -' : . - l- . - - j r j . e - 1 w . ,. o. . 