JN The Ballot tn the Hands ' the Women of Utah should be a of CONTICNTS. Aunt I'm Little i,lV lonurv. . . .Mrs. Addison Pratt ('uuiK il. . . . May Wright M. 1'. Little Sweetheart A":1-- Si-U- A W . 11. -r il J 1 rai!i'vik'. Jesie ::.'. . . , '. . K. Cliil'N l. IIale!ii.tnu lClleH Jt.jia , , - Mrs. SteWMS . . Meeting. .J. A. W".lleyat S.iltirt L. L. 0. K. "TJie First of June" , 3. 15. 15. . . if.. - - 12, AvJse Full of t!ie Curtain. , L. M.H . ,;ivi'; t.f Life ..Lylia 1. Alder . 11. AT 'THE FALL OF THE CURTAIN. ' .::' ii!t;!v, and the lights burn low, 'i ti'.'.'s !i !!) I tn re.t'lv now to go; S !.,.,.-;.,.- . w.uo oie ne. ueiour;u:ia, . ... .,.,.1 t ... .. 1.... j. ' v.u wiu iv.u,-.- , noses, lia'.i in,es ami uics U " :.'!id the teats. . ! . 1 - . ' 1 i 1 . ' A::'". j (. 'M:, a A". ' ! A I . would not see it twiee ' life's ocean, faced its blinding foam, Y.'.ur anchors cast, I'm nearing home. a sn 'tin tossed hull I reach the sh ore, tatterel sheets and broken sjars. irst the stars, !.e at k- -a v 'f nvvenii' re. . v,,;; k:; "..:-- 1 - v v : ; ;'. - (I. 'Vhvr' A"'.! 1 ... 1 lks-'neat- i h wav-wor- n ; ;;t- A:; ' uss theffp waters through, ' kingdom am sailing to. sod. '.' ts where the body .o.e dark impenetrable deep seaman sleeps ? ;.re eH-- thro which we pas-- to God. is dark, but (iod is in command: 'i ;!;e morning breaks I shall be. "'at the S"..ri:'...;.!ir: ; ! I ',..d knows, -- XaU-- '. . .a:.;, : -- l'v ,! 'cast ont, Patience, Faith, Hope, ij!:!:i'tcr . I f.-e- ! O Li;ht divine! onollutterin l :s a, s v, cast out doubt with anchors ? hand they'll stay, !iN i I s .r; ( o !:: mt four a-4 the day. '11 1 wish and wait anchors from the stern, and Acts Alice sat playing a while longer, and then came forward toward the fire, which was burning brightly, and seating herself comfortably in a low rocker in the corner, began to Mir the coals with the poker; a custom many people have when perplexed; the equanimity of her aunt was too much for her; she wanted her L speak, say hhe had been rude, then she would have apologized; but to see her sit there so complacently stitching away, taking no notice of her vexation, was unaccountable to one so impulsive. Finally she burst .out again. ' '.'Auntie, wt; are always going on in this humdrum way, for all the world like two old maids. You are not old if you are a widow, and I well I am just twenty-two- , and have never yet had a real beau; I want some attention, some companionship. " "My dear," said her aunt, "how long is it since we came home from the sea shore, where you danced, and wi.ltzed; and sang and took in all the gayetiesof the season, until you were tired and wanted to come home to the Wren's Nest, isn't that so?"' "Yes, Auntie,.! did want to come home, thanks to your judicious training, because there Was so much deception and hypocrisy there, and such .'shilly shally' girls, and unprincipled young men, and old ones too for that matter, and mercenary, managing mammas, and all that; it was simply disgusting to sensible people. "And that was society, Alice, the 'best society, we are informed; and certainly if wealth and extravagance are the standards it by which the 'best society is estimated, must have been'."" "Yes, Auntie, they were rich, I suppose, and they were proud-- and arrogant, but some of them at also they-werleast. Oh, I learned some lessons in the ways of the world that I shall never forget; to tell one young and I did not lady, who carried "on a flirtation under my very' eyes, what my brother would have me thought of her conduct, and she begged to keep the "matter secret. But a truce to this, we've talked of these things before, I am'positively pining for some one to talk and ah to; I know you're good company, it our ways amiable, but there's no variety of relatives, way of living. We've got lots crn and visit some of them, while comes home Harry's at college; when hene can uikc us everything will be diiierent, it out, and we shall have more society; ah. won't be near so lonely here then, he's . ways so lively." the cousins, about country what "Alice, visit do you remember where- we used to when you and they were' children ?" ; recollect some .of ;those quaint old ytsrI niares-uamong the New England hills, They're verv nice in .summer time, but what about winte, now woum it "There's skating and sleigh riding, and must winter pas'imes, of course; but you choose, it is for your pleasure "wejhaUjjo. ill-bred- e 27th. 25U1, L. M. II. AUNT ESTHER'S SWEETHEART. BY AUNT KM. uAu die." said a beautiful young girl, sort of way,. turning halfatot-ituon the piano stool, "I'm-tiresing her eyes from .the floor, of this sort.of thing, I want a change; can't we go somewhere or give. a party; can't you "suggest some amusement to pass, away the time ? Whv, I've not even had a .letter for days, and that stupid brother of dir.-- " is having a jolly time of it at Harvard, while I'm here at home, "day after day Rob- tjirough the same dull routine. Oh, if I'm ue iry, I'd even like to get married, ' ' could have an offer that suited me "Is that. all, Alice ? Have you no other corrrplnnits ;to make ?' ' said her in reply. The girl looked a littje lien, 'and without a word turned Wnc? and went on with her practicing. Her aunt, who was a wise and thoughtful omrtn," went on with her sewing as if in an absent-minde- d and-with-outja- -- ! self-posses- sed nt 3l-- f - , jJbd; ' " . 1 n . : . - -- -- - . . . , never "Oh. no. ve never mention hinj, his hamtMs fluurtr 7 " - big-hearte- .; - : making, or any ' chance of getting a good husband ?" "Alice, you astonish me; but just now you wee deprecating the ways of and now you those.girls at the. are talking in much the same strain." "But I am in earnest, I am going to marhonest young ry some fellow, that has never leen in society, such as I had a glimpse of last season; and that reminds me, Auntie, that you have had a kind of romance in your life, I've a heard Polly say so;, and on never-st- y word about it, nor your '"'married life either, though for that matter I never asked you, never thought of it in fact until now; will you tell me the story ? It must be an interesting chapter out of your history." Before Aunt Ksther had time to reply to this rapid questioning, a knock was heard at the parlorv door and ui came roily with a handful of letters,, aud in the excitement Alice forgot what she had said to dear little Auntie, as she called 'her, and began examining the postmarks.a habit with worn-eit' is said. "Here's such a queer stamp; I do wonder wheie this letter's from? Some rich old uncle I hcie, asking us to come for the holidays," exclaimed Alio-Then she took up the one she knew to be from her brother, and hurriedly broke the seal. While she sat reading it and tapping. :her dainty little feet on the carpet every now and then, a way she had when overjoyed, Aunt Ksther was busy perusing a letter that looked even more loreign than the p;ie Alice had laid down. In the midst. of the reading a carriage drove up and visitors were announced, Mr. and, Mrs. Klmore with their two daughters, and the letters were put aside; and the two ladies busied themselves entertaining their guests during the remainder of the afterThe Klmores were neighbors of noon. The theirs, and very nice people indeed. girls were near Alice's age, and were both The afternoon sped bright and clever. swiftly away, and Alice had actually forgotten the letters, so absorbed was she with the conversation of their visitors. Aunt Ksther urged their guests to stay and dine with them, waiving ceremony, that it was and they finally Consented,.-snine o'clock or thereabouts , before they The eveuing had been a were alone. in the best of pleasauC one, and Alice was spirits, having .thoroughly enjoyed the society of these neighbors, who had so much to say that was worth listening to. One of the young ladjes was a fine singer and wa much admired by Harry, who was; passionately fond of music, as indeed were both Aunt Ksther and Alice. M iss Kl more bad been singing, during the evening, one of Aunt- Ksther's old favorites that had carried her back in memory to .her girlhood days, and these words of the song kept ringing in her ears: iut, wi 1 2. sea-shor- ,- Auut 'EstheflT'e Esther LlhQJigahetruthwas-Aun- t. think of would it these at 'you places didn't know to pie make; answer exactly what ?." it was a to turst be interesting in that way together. new for her ; ;: , - 'In what, way, Alice?" fprth so excitedly and it took the quaint. would there be any love ' ' little lady. "Wby, by surprise, No.' . he-ita- te a-- ' better the Heme, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKH CITY, UTAH JUNK 151899. V'i. A Power-t- r r- -r ....' onCt' 1 a 11111 :Ui '' .Word' ; Aunt Ksther, so calm and self contented to - . f all appearanceywould have given slmost py. ' 