WOMAN'S KXrONKN'J. 2.S fcd. KveV-'lffrciOcnMr.fc ..c;ulh. . , . , i. ii. previous to thf step wmcu icu banishment of herself ami husband,, nas been regarded b a light akin to the follow i Woman's Exponent. .1 -! ! ' HM ME LINE II. HELLS, and I''ah-r- EJir-- , , I ,s-"ii- 'IVrrni; one cojy on? 5 r- o ,s rl y o-- j mail, ii' Sth J.k yur, $t.x; o? ' u;y ' eir,i fir id i ! x 1 po t.i;;e tluSv r:, s 'j-n- - t- -n . p- 25 ct-- r i . .f .n- .j.. all lu-.nc;- S t attiiiunit A !.( notiu. ih St o;,s to I.ale i I.A K I CliV, Vi, 1 -- )).: 1:1 j I i i'';:. t'tVv-- - Iin;!e : ev.ry X" ti'a:::.;:i fa !''.. ',il j , - Wa !' !; r4- l.i;t (' j - have ! v.v j . '1 j- :- - . Viah. v, City, I a ,'ia"i i:-- ; V tah, at . h: Xh '' ay- - alu I v.'"i:.i ha Vr i haU'ver . wa-.tf- ,.'.:at i:iy. ! or ;. ah'I-h-t;- I ' i true charity and satisfactory ; CHARITY AND LABOR. Vhen!,cf-.i:n- That deiir.itiou'of is singularly appropriate and as. "Love." their-hom- , T.r:( h honorable, is a tiuth too old and too obvious to require argument. And yet to earn a living by laborious industry seems "to be as much against the nature of people in general, because it is erroneously considered more respectable to be able to live without work than' by it, as that it requires in some rjspects to devote time and energy to industrial .pursuits. But there are many sides to this question of charity and labor. While there are those who would prefer to live by the sweat' of others' brows than their own, there are, on the other g and generous-heartehand, people, who'' would lather be themselves, for the sake of earning arid hard-workin- d handling more. "money, even though they" divide their earnings with their poorer neighbors, than to share, their work with them. This is mistaken kindness, false charity, and 'works injury to both parties concerned. Would it not be far better if the wise, financiers in our communities would lend their energies and. means to the. systematic arrangement of industries in .windfall might find lucrative employ ment, instead of the few building up themselves, because of their anxiety' being to earn and save; even though they give liberally of their substance to feed the poor? Certainly it is better to tench children to work and earn at least a portion of what they need and want, than to give them all they require, demanding nothing in return. And the same rule will apply to men and women as well as boys and girls. In our charitable institutions, therefore, evidently- the wisest thing o would be to. create industries in which' all who are able to work might be happily employed, being kindly encouraged to do their best to earaUteir living. Instructions to this effecf were given by the, great organizer of the Relief Society among the Utter-daSaints the Prophet-JosepSmith, more than fifty years ago. Great care and prudence wntiiH r sarily have to, be,: exercised inlihc, buttOTruf Tabor ambmr th'e nnnr i delicate woman would not be expected to to-d- . ' y h " -- 1899, at of the Salt o'clock, as the sister workers Lake Temple entered their weekly meeting, a great solemn hush of more than usual significance came over them. Sisters Zha I). H. Young, Bathsheba W. Smith anJ. Kmma Woodruff, (the presidency of the sis'ers in the Temple,) were there in their accustomed places. And nearly all the workers were present, but Sister J'lizahe h Stevenson was-- missing.' The solemnity' which characterized the opening of the meeting, and could scarcely be accounted for in full, continued until its close, when one announced that as she entered the ' house the news had been given to her that Charles Stevenson.was dead Then a up. special prayer for Charlie's mother-wen- t from that band of earnest, faithful- workers'" They prayed with loving fervor for every comforting blessing to be bestowed upon their bereaved, sister, and dropped tears of true sympathy which'., only. those whefhave themselves known sorrow could shed. Sister Klizabetb, if there can be any co. . -- , ! - in the knowledge nsolation that your sister workers mourn with you the early loss of your bright; gifted, noble boy, then be thou com foiled. d . help-mat- e June 30th, 8 e qver-taxe- d over-worke- On Friday morning, is. self-sacrific- TO SISTER ELIZABETH STEVKNSON. "Leaves have, their time to fall, set--b- e. 1 h. Gkkenjc R:cu.ki:s." wither 'at the north v. ;r. r."hrcrY ut all And stars to for hours all thine own, oh licaih :" Thou hast r ac- ! Aral llowers to 1 That all honest industry labor-- ! ' s V ' to 1 a:vl nf k;irc "f Thai Z Are Ik the hot t!)i:i'4s to recei ve. Is ivn by tiie .( :'i ! that V :,iver, To us tfo-.;- great Mo'J'.cr t e L i 1 Drum-mond- 's ceptable; all the more so because an older writer and greater prophet than he defines the same thing thus: "But charity is the pure love of Christ and it endureth forever." Book of Mormon, Moroni, 7th chap. The Great Father exercised this charity, or love, toward His children in the beginning of their career upon this earth, in a very different way to that in which many fond parents manifest what they understand to be the most tender love for their offspring, in these later times. This earth was created for Adam and his generations alter him. Ar.d the Garden of Kden was planned and planted for him and Jive to in. Iiut their Father did make not say to them, "My son and my daueh-- ' ter, this beautiful home is for you to take your ease and pleasure in, unburdened with cares and labors, such as your mother and I have borne in making it for you." Genesis 2nd chapter and 15th verse tells us that "The Lord God took the man and put mm into uie vjaruen 01 uaen, .to, dress it and to keep it.--" God's great love for His son Adam made Him considerate of his welfare to the extent that He gave him work to do which should claim his time and attention' and keep him from running after idlers and mischief-makerwho. might he allowed to ..find their way into his garden and seek to decoy him from the , path of duty. And not only did Adam's. Father" furnish him with employment for his hands, but He. had also a tremendous amount of "brain work laid out for him as well. He was find to names for all the beasts of expected the fields and fowls of the air: business enough to keep him actively engaged for quite a length of time, wewould think in these days. But. according to modern notion nil though Eve received the distinguished nml to important appointment of Adam , yet upon her was placed no special responsibility, except in the first great commandment which chareiLlHeauau-4vmms wile to be lnuilul hml mnifittitr n.A .vi-.- ' J.c: , rfhildmi. 'What a ,var:ii:;;;toa!l Reac hing cvt. il to a; a:.'i to you. or attribute so divinely portrayed by the Apostle Paul in his first Kpistle to the Corinthians, which he calls Charity.,. Henry Drummond, in his master lecture, "The Greatest Thing in the World," designates The same sentiment 13II1-chapter- ei.i.eti U: huV.-'th- L. - ; .is, t - exa ; 1 -- ! :vi::.. all !.; ,u !;..i;-.i-!a-!- ! 1 lin-- va--h:;- h::t:.-::.- tvady,- sa', 'a ''.'.! ...!: v i:ur.i N JliV If, lvf. t t;a The SvAI !' .VI 1 ;a! J4. e r.v.. Ir.. a:: a WKU.S. Salt Iakv. Cii Mrs. K. Entered at 1ht V OJd seronj clius matter. .1: r.tti'. mv 1 s , . i Ou'i; City, EXH'NI NT ciiKt'. Kouia joi c inp!t ton, rxiuai Stifft: liijsiri'" hours Uo'.n 10.1. 1:1. l 5 p. (by, xrc;t Stmd.iy. Addrc-.- ( ; ', , ore y"'.r, - lit h Advrt.;ing'r,(!-jjc- one t.me 2.50, per Liuruh, count trjul.ir .i!rtrhsrs. Mr;;, V,,, 0l' fnrnipr " tT.,1, ; ; ap. auie-i, uarn or p, material and find relict tn sohk, -- rclre work, which idleness could n, vcrl And the strong' one wxnild pn.', ,!,. ... sin? ..n... over uer ucaicx mb, lUKintr tkrr in them which she would never liscovcr lighter employment. How many there arc around; wj,0 needing to have their work" thus phn" out and 'arranged for them !' An h,!"! much happier and' more pro rous world might be made if the wi- inana-tr- s would generously and patiently give of their time andkill to the ii;: tnrrtii.r.'V others 011 these points; and if thu ;v,' are less gifted would be humbly teachall God stm." th.. t!?"' and strive to learn when selfishness shall no lo; cr txW when each shall love his neighbor as hin!, self, when there shall , be no poor, fcra'1 shall be rich in the- peaceful enjoyment 1 m .nlhU-, i a " uu..u : i I'ah!i-!i(-.- lis - 4 . r. . wash' iiiif smjl; tnifTht !. rJ "True until death ! can more be saiil ? Unto all those who weepeth, ' May we not .say of the 'JMessed flc'i'l' He is not dead, but sleepeth ?! Sleepeth to waken, fair and young, Wh.oh thesoniof the 1)lest redeemed issung. ' . ,; Tula. Wr gratefully acknowledge the some leautiful flowers wife of the warden -- from - gift of MrsVD. of the penitentiary. They were very much appreciated and and cast quite a cheerful influence ' throughout our office. About 2,000 of our old people spent the day at Capt.D'ailin's popular resort in Utah Co. , 011 Friday, July, 7. . The Railway Company furnished' two fine cars, d, K.-.-G- . ; free of exnensp The- - report was crowded to its fullest capacity, and "the. time wa a pleasantly spent in visiting, picnici tig and short program of sports. . . 