WOMAN'S of the meetines of the I the privilege of attend. iuts that rid also V 4. V we-ha- Lkttjiks received from Mis., Lillian M. KXPONKNT. 61 membership, yet it includes man v women whose grand and able deeds, as" well as rank and title, have made them specially distinguished.; Indianajxdis may well he proud to recognize in a public demoiMra-Ho- n, a woman of its own city, who" has attained such marled distinction' befoie the world. The whole United States may well oe UIOUCI Ol u woman wnose talents and abilit' and i own great personality, have entltlcd hcr to- - lu a leader among- the "" women of all civilized nations. -; VISIT THROUGH ST. GEORGE STAKE. I thought a few lines from this'part of the country might interest your readers. President Ann C. Woodbury and Counselor Kmma Morris, of the Relief Society,' and Rose Jarvis, of the 'mY. L.4 M. I, A., and Mary Whitehead, of the Yrinnry, of til- - ht. OCOrue Stake )f Zioii witli nnn Jan'ls as teamster, left St. George on the h of Al5U"st, to visit the settleunents on the Rio Yirgen River. We arrived at Toquerville the same eve- Tmc grand reception tendered to Admiral ning, and held meetings with the Relief Mrs. Carkik Chapman Catt, of New k City, and Miss .Mary G. Hay. of Dewey, was the most elaborate naval demSociety, Young Ladies' and Primary. onstration the On the 2SU1 we went on to Virgen City has' ever witnessed country Ohio, will be in this city October 30, and upon any occasion, and in every particular at 10 a. m., met with the Relief Society will probably bethe guests of Mrs. V. S. At 3 p. in. we met Mrs. Catt is the chairman of the the affair was a marked success; even the and had a good time. Richards; weather was with a nice hit so of the that the street favorable, Cnmitlee on Organization of the National Primary children. At m. met with me the American Woili?n Suffrage Association, of iiiiiiuii) jiaiaue., aim p. oui uoor ana in Young Ladies; After door sisteis and had had alLthe receptions gatherings; spoken, all the girls present which, the celebrated Miss Susan B. lheir testimonies. The genuine Miss Hay is a advantages of fine weather. Anthony is president. cordiality that characterized the introduc- member of the Committee 011 Organization. TheiSthjwe went on to Grafton, where We held These ladies come West in the interest of tious, greetings, handshakings, toasts and there is a small settlement.' meeting at 10 a. m. with the Relief Society suiTrage, and are anxious that, the four speeches, and "welcomings altogether-on Admiral Dewey's arrival, was everywhere ad Primary together, and after partaking equal suflrage states should help other OI" Ihshcp Ballard's hospitality, we went 011 stales to obtain the same rights and observable. The presentation of the"Loving Cup" and of the sword, the gift of Con- - t0 Springdale, where we met in a bowery privileges.. gress, were scenes calculated to emphasize wln the sisters auda very fine lot of club, in the minds And hearts of the jeople, deeds dren. Brother Alpheus Gifford, who has Governor H. M. Wells and party of heroism and valor,, and awaken a strong recently lost his eyesight and is quite blind, have returned from New York, whither ' sentiment of patriotism. These lessons a"d one of the Bishop's counselors met they went to attend the Dewey celebration and demonstrations. The Governor is in should le valuable to the nation. Kspecial- - with us. Here they have very fine crops, excellent spirits, and has enjoyed all the ly was the native modesty of the Admiral anci we truly breathed the nir of freedom, The 20th, which was Sunday, we came proceedings in which he participated. He apparent through U all. Whatever honors has met many distinguished people. He were shown him, or gifts bestowed, he ac- uac to Kockville.- At 10 a. m. met with Sabbath' School. At 2 p. m. we met colled on President McKinley, and speaks cepted all in the same gracious spirit; and when the Admiral brought forward his wifh the Saints in their regular meeting.' in glowing terms of the interview. No state in the Union is prouder of its Chief Hxecu-tivCaptains and introduced them to the audi- - After the saciament had been administered, he cer- - the meeting was given over to the sisters, than Utah, and the people are proud to euce, with such hearty good-wiltainlv must have won the respect and ad- - We urged the Saints to do their duties. be represented at this greatest American demonstration by so distinguished a" party miration, as well as the lasting love of those After the seiviceswe.net with the Primary. brave and gallant Captains of the navy, At S t). m. we met with the Mutual Im. as Governor Wells and his staff, and Majors Young and Grant, whose services to the jvho had served under him so faithfully, provement Association and enjoyed it very much. country entitle them to a high place in the "These are the men who did it. Without On the 21 st we traveled to Leeds. At 4 them I could do nothing." hearts of the people. p. m. we met with the Relief Society and The last week in 2ovember, we expect Primary, and at S p. m. with the Young Mrs. Rebecca B. Chambers, of PennAlmost sylvania, and two other ladies, will visit Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson, poet, author Ladies. We had a joyful time. and the lecturer. all bore of the Sheis testimonies. their We Salt Lake City on their route homeward girls granddaughter j and grand niece of Henry were entertained by Sister Ira McMullin, from Seattle, Washington, where they have Lyman Beecher, Ward Beecher, Harriet Beecher Stowe, Isawhose husband is on a mission. been attending a convention of the W. C. Mrs. Stetson will On the 22nd we went to Harrisville T. U. Mrs Chambers was a member of bella Beecher Hooker. be the guest of Mrs. A. W. McCune while There they have no water; everything is the Resolution Committee of the N. C.'W. It is a small settlement. last winter, and became much interested in in Salt Lake City, and of Mrs. Susa Y. almost dried up. some of the Utah women, members of the Gates at Provo, where she is expected to We held a Primary meeting and invited all same committee, and has written to Miss speak under the auspices of the Brigham to come. We felt well in meeting with the Aim M. Cannon, Arrangements are in sisters and children . We had dinner "with secretary of the Res. Com., Young Academy. in this city. Sister Lauey and then returned noine, stating she will stop over here for a few progress for a series of lectures comes of the cekN having been a vvay six days. We remained 4ays. One o the ladies traveling with her Mrs. Stetson not only is also descended home eleven days, and then started to visit brated Beecher stock, but is a famous singer. Mrs.- - Chambers ex pects to be here over Sunday, the 29th of from the remarkable New Kugland Perkins the western settlements of the St. George is said of her by the critics, that Stake. ims month. It is anticipated she will be family. It of On the 2nd of September, Brother Richready and. eloquent speech given a reception by the ladies here who "her gift entertain for her a high regard, and will seems inborn, and more characteristic of ard Morris, Stake superintendent of the is Some of Sabbath School; President Ann C. Woodgreatly enjoy meeting her again and giving her genius than her writing." us who know her, feel that she is unequalled bury, of the Relief Society;- Rosa Morris, of ber a glad welcome to the City, of the in many ways. She is certainly a. woman the Y.L.M.I.A., and Mary G. Whitehead Saints. .. of the age; a woman with a mission, un- left St. George. We arrived at Pine Valley vv E Her book, -- Women and in the evening and put up at Bishop Snow's. acknowledge with sincere thanks the doubtedly. very courteous invitation Irom the "Wom-e- u Economics," is everywhere regarded as the Sunday we attended Sabbath School. of Indianapolis' ' to be present at a rebravest, brightest, most original and most Brother Morris and the sisters talked.' They readable volume on women. It has been hav e a nice Sabbath School there; We met ception given by them in honor of Mrs. May Wright Sewall, president of the translated into French. German, Dutch and' with the Saints in sacrament meeting, after International Council of Women, Tuesday Swedish, and is said to be one of the few which we met with the Primary and reAmerican books that are making a organized it. At 7:30 p. m., we met with evening, the seventeenth pf October, 1899, at S:3pi at the Mrs. Stetson is a woman to be the Relief Society and Y. L. M.T. A. We Propylaeum. Wre are very listened to, and whether' one agrees with had an interesting time, many of the sisters forry that circumstances prevent our attend-lnthis reception , as we feel it will be her views or not," one admires the 'woma nly borefe'stimbnytothe truth of the work .' earnestness of her speech,' as also her strik- in which we are engaged. significant and impressive occasion. On the 4th we went to Grass Valley. Ve Sewall has been made the president of ing appearance, which carries, with her yr. tne greatest organization of women in the power of language, the conviction of her met with the people arid had a joyful time All bore testimony to the truth of the Gos Wo:, although, perhaps, not the largest in own Relief in the truths she expresses. of Detroit, Michigan, announce h: r coming to our city for a few days. Mrs. H"i:;stCT is the Supreme Commander of the Supreme Hive of the Maccabees, an organ- iation representing thousands of. women and millions of dollars. The society is aiiiliated with the National Council of ' Women of the United States T . hl-'- ' - -- le 're f j !. -- ; I ' : j ! ! - j j e l, ! . . I j " - . " . - world-appea- l. Z ; " . 