7- - THE SILK WORM.' AND cake and ice meeting was adjourned cream were served to the assembly. Makv RoCKWOud, vSec. ;.md fore he received Divine instructions to struct the Ark, when not far to th.e west MlvKTbNG. Y The Ladies' Semi monthly meeting was Counselor-K.J.Stevenso'held Jan. 9. Singing "Come let us anew." presiding. Prayer by Sister Louisa Stevens. Singing "All hail the new. bum year' Minutes read ind approved. Counselor S'tev.msou 'told the congfega--tio- n that President Home had been very sick but was improyi-ig- . Spoke of the'Jes-sonwe must le.rnl in life and how valuable they would be when we had learned the Lord. The them, pray for the help-oProphet Joseph Smith said at one o'clock. Was n go d : time to pray. Sister Kiddle who had testified in our last meeting had now been laid to rest. Sp:ke also of the death of Sister Prncilla Staines, said let us all be prepared to go. Sister Brown spoke of. Temple work and , the peace it brings us; thought we should look to God to heal our sick, etc. The iS, Si-lin- -- congregation sang'.'The Spiritof God." Sister Mary P. Silver said, "Wt: are the most Messed people ''on the earth." all. to attend totheir duties and be prepared to meet eternity. Kx--hort- l sang-."We'l- bore a strong testimony. Sister Parties said she knew Joseph Smith was a prophet of God. She became converted" to the Gospel by reading the Hook of Mormon. Through her trials and hird-bhip- s she had brought nearer to God. Another sister bore jnexcellejitetinny ' SisterAljiTeda A'ouug spoke upon bearing testimony when the Spirit of God moves, and the necessity of our listening to those who are placyd over us, and of the integrity n i's " of-th- e " , against the priesthood. said she Sister Louise Stevenson thought it was best to go with our children to their meetings, teach them principles, of truth. Sister Julia S. Woolley and Sister Mary Morris bore testimonies of the Gospel and the peace it brings. A sifter in the congregation spoke of her sons going to the late war and how the Lord had preserved them, Another sister bore testimony and urged all to stand firm and unwavering to the truth. Another- sister told how her father had cast' her off because she joined the Latter-daSaints. Sister Mary Morris thought those who spoke against the principles of the Gospel were prompted by the adversary. Congregation sang "What was witnessed in the . , - ' y - ' . Counselor ET J. Stevenson said let us. keep humble and purify our souls so that we can enjoy the spirit of the Lord. ' We are a tried people, but go to our Heavenly Father and he wilrnever betray us. v for two weeks. Meeting adjourned Singing "The God weadore." Benediction by Sister Lydia D. Alder. . . i . . ' . ' J. S, Woolley, Seer -- is-dar- :": . ;'fiVe-hours- -- k . they-cast- grow-apac- e e suitable place they commence throwing spinneret the airy filament which they have been storing up since they began feeding. The spinneret is a very small orifice below the mouth.' Around rind around the body the filament is wound, theworm making the silk a tomb for itself. To this purpose the rest of its life is steadifrom g Clri-nes- Thecongregation sang "Arise my soul, arise." Sister Barton poke of the "com-- ' mandments given to Joseph Smith, and said how blessed we should be if we would keep them. She thought the rearing youth was of the utmost importance and we should lead in all things, attend .to our meetings, pay our tithing and never speak heavens." e - of President M. I. Home. : ' g r . i remains still.- - Her brief life is spent uitu. in a radius of six inches. They neither no mouths. They eat nor drink, having a for are born only reproductive purpose. her eggs the female fob Having deposited lows the male into the .Great Unknown, The eggs hatch out the' following sprint. and covered will: fine Its product hair. One hundred will weigh a grain and" at maturity the satnc one hundred will little worms are weigh 9, 500 grains. The ' fed on young mulberry leaves. They go a -for-and oh feeding few" growing rapidly for two refuse' food, days they days, then after state a in which remain torpid do which not to seem their skins, with the rest of their bodies.. Then they go on feeding and growing' when the same thing occurs. In all they caht their skins four times and go through five ages, days of eating they have about thirty-onof Then sets in a and nine days fasting. brief era of. unrest during which they wander about moving their hrads, w hich is preliminary to the final act of their strange land "wonderful career. Having found a - ed tandr SiblerMuriLur Morris the strain." A sister, name unknown, offered a humble prayer, and another stter Ix-e- ward bf'Mbunt Ararat where.the Ark resteu afterthe flood, and just across the Caspian (she was about 14 Sea, a little Chinese-girlchi, the wife of the years old) named was watching one day Kmperor Hoang-ti,- . the carlyin the spring, with astonishment were movements of some caterpillars that feeding upon the leaves of a mulberry tree. Day by day, she. watched "and day by day the caterpillars grew rapidly.. She noticed. that as they moved their heads from side to side that a liquid, gum-m- y substance appeared to issue from their mouths and soon change into ao?ft and downy thread She used to go every day and watch (Tie caterpillars working. Bye and bye, when the copoens were formed, she had the curiosity to take one in her hand and examine it. She found it about the size and shape of a peanut; from it a number of loose threads floated 'about. Pulling one of them she found it was so light it would float in Uie air, yet so tough It she could pull ofTquite a length of it. oceured to her that if these cocoons could be softened she could obtain a longer thread After of the silk and be able to use it. "some study" she" soaked the cocoons m warm water and began pulling on the thread.. To In-- delight it grew longer and longer, and she wound it around her fingers till the cocoon was all unwouud, and then she found she had a continuous thread In her girlish 3,000" to 4.000 feet long. glee she turned to her waiting woman and ma, (See;) Ming-hinexclaimed, "Hoo-l! How beautiful The harming,51 (Look !)" silk- when reeled was a bright golden color e and doubtless it is from this fact the are so fond of yellow, it being the royal color of their country. industry did not end here, for she went several steps further and' taught the ladies of her palace to manuNot only the facture and embroider silk. Mandarins and others apemperor, but in robed fabrics in of dazzling peared public hues. :. For many years the Chinese, guarded weli the secret of the source of their immense wealth, for raw silk was imported all over Asia, India, Persia and Arabia. There are two legends as to how the secret j'.ot out. Que is that some monks conveyed the. eggs in their staffs over the border; the other istlfat the pantless li tile fellow Cupid had a hand hi it. The first known place outside of Asia where'silk was cultivated was the Island of Cos. The cloth woven in this country was of the thinnest possible texture and transparent. Justinian secured a monopoly of the trade, Under the care of the Greeks the silk worm took, kindly to its Western ' home and their silken textures became famous At a later period the Saracens maintained a mastery over the ,trade and by them it was spread east and west. ' " The eggs of the silkworm are deposited by a moth knowjis the Bombyx mori, which lays about 350 of them. After impregnating the female the male dies. He rarely survives' more than four or . The female lives two or three days to deposit the egg. When first dea are posited they beautiful bright hue -- but" they soon turn color, becoming dull' and , s , - When Xoah was a little boy, about 150 or 200 years old, aud.hundretls ol. years . SEMI-MONTHL- She never, deposits the eggs", in a .heap, that js to say her eggs are 'never hid one top of tlie other.'- What her purpose in spreading them out I do not kwr.v. 'phat is a habit of which there is no intelligent explanation. The "male is a little ftl . creamy in color and much livelier than mate. He iiutters. about while the female' dark. ITS SILK their motions of ly devoted."" It'i'iiakes'sixty-fivits head every minute, or a total of three hundred thousand to spin itscocoon. During this time, (a minute) the filament flows from four to six inches from the spinneret. Its labor done, the legs drop off and death intervenes. In the cocoon, however, is the pupa, cr chrysalis with no chance of escape. However there is a way out. In ten or fifteen days the moth is developed and it ejects against the end of the cccoon a secretion which softens the gum, and pushing some of the threads' aside and breaking others, the moths issue to play their part in the reproductive process already described; So it This, is all that is goes on indefinitely. known or can be known of the silk worm. It eats and works. The laws that govern its being are arbitrary and inflexible. From these laws it seems to have no desire to escape Where the conditions are favorable it goes right on about its business, carrying out the designs of its Creator and finally yielding up its brief life in obe:ience to a mandate as irrevpcable as our own fate, whate ver it may be when we are . called to account, By, what so called instinct it is I cannot .answer governed I cannot say. that any more than I can solve any '6ne qt the numberless profounU problems which we see about us. Its purpose most probably, ;is to provide a home for the chrysalis, and to do that it sacrifices its own life: Tbe perpetuation of its species seems to be its only aim1, and in carrying out. this: purpose it plays into the hands of man. e -- . A singular thing about the spinning process is that the thread iseverJangledv; Row after row of it is completed, the worm never beginning a new one, until the old . 