ir":''' .: 1. " - ..: ffittmVyho ,;!..) the Council 111 "-- - ' ' was -- - . elected-- -- and who KS95, .. - T . . by onk-- of her physician, n to-resig- much persuasion and entreity the formerpresi-xfs May YYright Sewall, 'was induced to accept the. joffice for Mrs. Sewall. is, and .JJg unexpired term. . . ..I,-.tirni.ii1i.tit I f 1k f titnr '. .1 i"M was ai 10 (nmeil.' which is coihposed- oi Natiotnl Councils, as the National Council of National Societies or Associations. nominated lor the Mrs Sewall has been, the" International Council, next' president of j.wiil without doubt be elected. . The of the oihee is the preent- incumbent Counters of Aberdeen. Mrs ' t Siisa - Young Gates of Provo, editor of the Young Woman's Journal, has been appointed by Mrs.. May. Wright .Sewall Active Chairman of the Press Coniinitic.c.."bf the National Council of Women of the ; ! ' United-States- . The Utah .Legislature is spending most 0f its time the last .three 'weeks balloting for a Senator and making eloquent . . . . r. 11 . 'Pi. . luio me siH.-jciies- . 1 1 they there (if as well) to hold, such but the ladies a hih" portion as Mrs. Sewall, oust be content when thuy know one - of their o'.vn country women, an American, " has been sought for and" honored with a higher place, to preside over many collective National Councils from several different countries, speaking different" languages, -V some of them ladies of rank and title, Mrs. Se wall., is' their acknowledged peer, r (ML dificd. nevertheless.. The members of the Council are proud distinction rs- Sewall has justly obtained, and fully appreciate the honor it is women. to America We ardently hope Mrs. May Wright swall will be tie representative from the National Council of Women to the Paris Exposition, and Congress will be petitioned to make, this .appointment, and with a million of women one would think Congress could scarcely refuse to give this organized of the - 11 . work a woman representative. Mrs. Bertha M. Palmer will probably be appointed to represent the work of the of the United States, Such an appointment for her has been "applied fot but so far there is no positive,, assurance of., it, although there is scarcely a doubt with rewo-ce- n Palmer's appointment. The National Woman's Relief Society gard to Mrs. represented by Mrs. K. B. president, and Mrs. Zina ' V. Card delegate, Mrs. Carrie S. Thomas, alternate delegate. The Y. L. X. M. I. A. will probably be Wells, proxy for Mrs. Martha H. Tingey. proxy for president, Mrs. Minnie J. Snow delegate, and Miss Ann M. Cannon alternate to delegate and member of Resolution Comm Mrs Susa Y. Gates as speaker, subMrs. ject, "Status of Hawaiian Women." E. B. Wells' will be "Good Citizenby it-te- " e. subject ship." It is also expected that Mrs. Lucy B. Young and Mrs. Elizabeth McCune will go, as both are patronsof the National Council, lectetl, then their inllueuce might have turned the scale and perhaps less time used in making choice or a suitable Senator. r The agents of the ."Kxponent''. in all the sereral wards and Stakes of Zion, aLd also individual subscribers indebted for the paper are urgently requested to settle all old accounts at the earliest date possible. This becomes an absolute necessity on ac- . - ' -tiiat ctTtmt-t;f:thr-ehange- management oi the Deseret livening rsews The '.'Kxponent" will not be. sent to any subscriber alter January iSoq, unless pre- paid.' Alb delinquents will as soon as pos sible receive written notices ot bills due, 111 addition to the printed matter. Tuesdav January v was the anniversary of the birthday of President Zina I). II. VouiiL''. lamiiiarlv and lovingly known ' among the'sihters" as 'Aunt Zina,' and in commemoration of the time members and relatives of the Young family were invited to meet at the residence or .Mrs., rneue 1. Beatie to 'spend a few hours of the after tribute their Icving noon, to pay to this distinguished Mother in Israel, whose whole life has been spent in doing crnod. Kvervwhere' her works praise her and her name, is spoken of lovingly by .May Uer useiui ana oung and old.. beautiful life be prolonged until she has finished all her heart desires to do, and her charity name and her works of love-anthe generation, innever be forgotten by tvliirh'sni' has taken such an active part, the iait" Church as one of its noblest heroines. 4 ' ' d - bc-hand- ccl tltjwn-in-the-anr.als-- of come dav occurs the birthday of President Jane S. Richards anniversary ".. -later. ttvn noin 'An-- . WHO Va were born in Jefferson Co , fi,Wp nWli flu v . i(-.r- vf-n- rs otrs w Vnrk Srate. and have been ultimately associated ever; since the, organization of Relief Society owned two lots of its own and desired to build; as they had no place' of their own to meet in', but on inquiring the cost they found it would, be.mf'ie than they Cutild 'afford, not wishing to go into debt too much. On the adjoining U4. fiom theirs was a school hoiue which they wefe advised to purchase if it could be bought on reasonable terms. A committee was formed of the brethren to look after, it. They, found they could buy it for five hundred dollars. Through the perseverance of the committee, and prayers and help of the .brethren and sisters who responded nobly to the cause, they bought it, so we nowown two thirds of a block., The school house was cleared and repaired, leet. U cost its size is thntv by thirty-livto repair and furnish it one hundred and The Ceuterville - r - - ' general-secretary ' . S2 - v- -- , . : ' e five dollars - - - The hall was dedicated on the 1st of June, There were present President J. iSos'. Hess and Counselors. Grant and Clark, of the Davis Stake; the Bishopric of the ward, A. P. Porter, Melvin II. Randall and John J. Smith; Stake Presidency of the Relief Society, President Susan Grant and Coun selors Clark and Holt and R. S. Stake also Mrs. K. I). Secretary. Phebe Session's, . .. .1 . .. 1. am. wtuu w.niui.i ivounuy ui nan iukc It was decided from the different wards. that the Relict Society should fast in thank fulness to their Heavenly Father, for His goodness unto them. The meeting was called to order by President Singing Margaret Randall. ' The spirit of God. by Bishop Aaron Porter. Singing, Invocation com posed bv K. I). Roundy. after which Presi dent Randall gave a brief sketch of how we bought our house,, and said she knew the Lord had ureatJy blessed us 111 opening our way to obtain the means to pay for it. The dedicatory prayer was then oilered by our beloved president, John W. liess. mmrt made bv the visil nrMrpssos were ' brethren and sisters, congratulating us up, on our building and furnishings, and that the .way,. would be opened prophesying whereby we could pay the rest, of the indebtedness. They also spoke ol the magni tude of the Relief Society work and its aims and purposes, and .said it gave the sisters great scope to use .their talents and abilities in relieving suffering humanity, and in many ways could we do good; we could by our walk: ana conversation m uui uan; mv. teach the principles of virtue and truth and sow the seeds of iaith in the hearts of the t young people, and encourage all to by our own example as wen as precepi. Prayed the Lord to ever bless tne sisier.s with a full realization of their duties and same. giVe them strength to perform the A poem was then read dedicated to our beloved president, Margaret; Randall, .111 which her faithfulness and integrity to the in Gospel and the ..Relief. Society work' T . . 1 1 4 T . . J" V" ..!. . yer - - A - - brief time afds is at present sojourning for a California; her husband, in President Franklin D. Richards, has gone snn over quite recently lor a visit, men ftirhards and vife are with n OFFICIAL NOTICE. ng the them", and no doubt they occasion and ceienraung The Stake secretaries of the Relief Soci- happy , .A...uu n lii reremonv. cuts and tnb- ety in all the several Stakes of Zion and of Wf love in that land of flowers, frmts missions or branches of the Relief Society . :r...i,;np The Exponent" extends e anil where Stakes are .not organized,-arsuiiij""' hereby to these famous avo; congratulations lovin rerequested to send statistical and financial .,,.1 .wnn nave uju ports. for the entire --year cf 1 898, to the" of the largest societies of W of foundation room ' 20S' Tern pletoa , : ,' I ?0 building, Salt Lake City, Utah. to see 'much , accorm by Mrs. rv De iiieii, guuu E. B. WELLS, General Secretary. Ibs-Ange-los, -- PK KnKVKRANCK AT CKNT1CRYILLK. . . k-tft-- people, the 'magnitude and extent of which is little, 'known among manv even of the members "of the Church. d 1 t . la-s- t 4 - . . 1 - Rafter 1 M inr- - Vuthcrance ol this charitable tmd philanthrc jiic work during the next lew years, a work which Ins, so engrossed their time and talents in the yerirs that are )at. A wtjrk of practical relief, love and sn mpaijiy carried on in ,the midst of this ... ...... '. r red .. - fjJlWjrth'c . - . in i ooeie county, 1 tail, a woman recorder and collector as been appointed. In Klder County .Mis- Fanny v Graehlr who served term as recorder, was aain elected; also in Millard County Mrs.. Deli-- , lah King Oiseu was for this. term. Kvt-- cai-111"-'- EDITORIAL NOTF ; .1 r .,..,W' ntia med m every respect tT the portion,, alter two years was cum.: - vtl J tfmtmi .t , do-righ- " oh rH D. Roundy, after which r ;the . 