' . 4' Saitl: "You "islers who ire called to !alr to neglect mi litis caY'icily c.oinot .aiiord If vuli .do not vi-i- t Often,-- vour tlutv make it il:on)ivIi when you do. You .must in humility, with a p'tiVer in your to heart, and ;;.k your Heavenly Puther No ufhec can he hdkd without avsist ytu:. It oiiiL- Sf rilke on the pat t oi! the ulijeer- Cis saciihce that b'lU''.--, lorth the Inessfor the faith a:id imrs of he iven prayers of the sideis ih:rirth Ivat, who b..s been greatly alliieled for the just four ears, was, hy the k hidings of :, ,:ae of the MV.eis. wiieie she enjoyed taken to the c'lf-'eiKe- , herself and the sds'a i cm; joy id he: picseikc ' .4 telii:w ny to trie truth oi .She I)'ie a s and urved the mothers to have ,tle Ci'.-:'' a constant watch over their children; also . - A-';- cd . ' 1 1 1. spoke in toneaKvi. bvautliu! quai leUc, TheieVs Room, for rendYou to Anchor S;:fe in jleave-n-f'v.aered hv members ef the choir. PreduU U d oh nsu: said there. were many lhi!.;s that could be t.dked of profit-ahly. All sin Mild understand aral obey the ' areoiyranied Gospel." Tlie.sc Kath v. ill fe' refor t he benefit of all. Live as warded according to du.-- acts. Latter day Saints, and Ocd will :a!d . His blessings. Siatistic.il and hnanci.d ivp ats, were read Remarks by P,istap by the secretary. John Taylor. Sister Cohnau, of the St. Johns' Stake, was plcasrd to be in our :uid.-t-. Though she was anion; strangers sr." kit that we iVe should be kind and were sifters. thoughtful of the a,e,ed and infirm. President L'i'abe'h Iiyton tinned the sisters to do their duty as members of the Relief Soebdy, and to attend the officers' Was thankful for the monthly menhirs. theinstructions of brethren .and pleaded Pelt with the reports of the .sisters. in her labors and knew that God had and would continue to bless all who A )J .' tis i - . The names of the Slake officers were Kimball and presented by President unanimously sustained by Uie Congregation. .President Kimball sp )ke at some length on the storing of grain. Said President Young kne w what he vas doing when he called upon (he sisters to save grain.- The, prophets dkl not make any mistake wlien they .said the time w ould come when ..1 barrel of- - Hour would be worth a barrel of gold. Said this society was not organized as a speculative body, but to careior the destitute, comfort the downcast and save what they have for .a time of scarcity. Conference adjourned for six months by the choir and congregation singing, "Lord "dismiss us." IJenedicjtiou by Bishop George Skinner. A. - Saka'ii Vr.r.Bt Gor. Sec. . LADIESV. - SEMI-MONTHL- "; The Ladies' "MEETING. Y V ' - Semi-Monthl- y fessions" to Meeting 1 ', h AV:Cn ):: something thou knowcU not. it is great privilege to be called such, but to necessary. to 'ask the Lord continually Pelt that the help us to do otir duty. To live without envy is a cl:t turn 01 great qualities work was very- - elevating: to look after the sick' and afflicted, the .poor, etc.. Sister P ithsheba YV. Smith spoke of the pleasant time" she had at an old folks' society Tim greatest .bentmctor to ,m .i-- 3 U" s : cu- - : , ;.lv js ,,( , he, who serves it by single att, Inn d wdiose general cliaracter .i ; the I'unifvv tion of a higher spirit than per -- des ti. gathering the previous day; that she '.was presented' with a fan, as she was the only one-- present who had had her endowments in the d iy of the Prophet Joseph Smith; also spoke of the necessity of tithe paying. ' man. . Save Your Money! Don't b rrov or be in debt, was an exhorSaid she had the privitation she made. lege of attending the solemn assembly in the Temple, July 2nd. Sister Pixton spoke of the goodly numSaid she felt that It increased ber present. the spirit. of God for many of the sisters to meet together. " Spoke 'of the 'way in which, the Lord had blessed her. She was. pleased to say that her husband had always paid tithing. Spoke of the danger of allowing children to have money to waste, but beDo not lieved in doing good with it. waste our time, for there is many a sin of oiuissiou'as well as commission; Sister Sarah' J. Cannon knew that no sifter would go from this meeting .without a blessing if she was seeking for one. Thought it was necessary to be practical-womeand improve 'ourselves. Spoke of ' our blessings, and said that we should be thankful fcr them.' Sister 1 James spoke of the charity and humility Sister Pixton had always shown. Sister Ann'e T. Hyde expressed her thankfulness at meeting again with the sisters. Thank; d the Lord for restoring hldt that if we respect her daughter. the head, the mouthpiece of Goi, we would never go astraSpoke of the way we were misn.prej.nted. in the world. Spoke of visiting the Johns Hopkins Hospital, said to be the best in the world. Read the requirements of a nurse in the same; also spoke of the indifference there was for the Said loathe nurses Gospel in the world, present, that their president, Mrs. Riter, would like reports Dr. Roberts said she did not know what President Home required her to do today, hut she desired the spirit of the. Lord to" prompt her to do and say wdiat was required. was required Explained to the Trursxs-vrh- at of them in this charity work. Said Dr. Richards had' stated that , where these nurses had attended his patients, he had nothing but good wdds for them; that they were as competent as if they had taken a four years' course. Spoke of the noble character that had been made .manifest .among themf and said some had complained because they felt they could not do the charity' work they had promised to. Said Sister Hyde would take charge of the nurses in the absence of Sister Riter. Counselor Webb said President Home was absent on account of an accident which had ..befallen her. Announced., that there would be-'- . a Relief Society excursion to Saltair on the 28th of July.' Said 'she. knew that s through obedience' .:ve ...would refroi---them- And when you iit-- l . ('!::;. ;i ,:. U,,JX k' rv :. with Zhui's Savings and k,rwSivi: ('oiiqcmy, the oh!-bank in t'tah. .f t).,. Since the. estaidislini-!;t vc have opctu'd inrm; b;io '.'!aMt. ing-- i accounts. lla-,'- ' , t ! ' ' ' The laws of Utah woiueii and alsi (ddldrct: ::j;iiV;. J ''.;; .to ojK'ti sayings aecount-- ; In .name, subject to tludr own n vou mi eh an account.'.'' one, hir :nli)nr, ikvir-nw:- ;. FOUR PI ill on any anio.mt tliouands, a'sl interest four times a m ' 'KXT j.ay to" , r. J;tV(. it m,;, NOW. We fr,-::- vr-- .;... t;.,;. ! j ar. t :. WKlTiC for any information d'-- 'r. Dottr.xo Sxow. Pi ;i:or(;k M. C'axnov, ( . Main Street. Nos. .THOMAS tiinl, Removed to 48 and 50 SALT LAKE CITY. j Leading Retail The Gash House, . vened in tne 14th ward hall, July 8, 1809, with Counselor Webb, prcsklirtg; Meeting opened by singing "0, happy .souls who pray " Prayer, by Sister Gib-sovSinging;MWe: thank Thee, Q God, for a prophet." Minutes of previous meet- - cvc TUcsssitis. She exhorted the" womT u g .read and appro ved "circfTIie society to. be" exemplaryV Sister Webb said she 'was Had 'to pp cn , Reeling adjourned for two weeks, "Singmany present; felt that we need to come ing, Doxology. .'Prayer by Sister Clara C oiten together to refresh our painds, for we Cannon. 0 all need the help of the Lord. A special J- - S See. Llk-abet- d-- nf no one; for every DKSl'lSK .the Saints'of Ood,feU it . con- is a good rule to be slanderer begins to talk. n serve Ilitn. ' u v . d- ' It u-v..- -. prayer was onereu uy oiv.ei Sam6n, .who is very sick. Sister Lambert said wo make great pro- . -- KXPONKNT. WOMANLS ' RKTHOMAS GARFIELD BEAGH. : Ol'F.N .J UiUv 'ii. Boating, Bathing, TRAIN I BATHING MRESRT ' . Dancing. SERVICE: ' ! u. -' -- . SALT LAKE. 10 3 .m. 2a5 p. in. 4:H.) p.m. .'" r 7::'-'.r-"- vwl 1 ; Round Trip 25c. . ; . - WoolXky, Depot Cor. First South and Fou. v - . 