ttrrti 15" for, the Legislature and meanwhile to the brought up a family. She is aunt is highly present Governor of Utah, and know respected and honored by' all who her. lui tun 01 city nncrpasw to solicited resJCCUUII .the "T Aff minister -- churches are lVJi-'nrcach nom the pulpit 0:1 the preceding u p. ace moverimais Up Sabbath, ment. And vhcrefore, in conclusion we cannot Wo- too ,iu:u;ly emphasize tiie tact that should attend VA ah the walks of life ... the' meeting and strengthen trie movement 'in. tii.i'r tiKviuv. their inlluene and their vote upon the Rvwlutiomi. printed J the Central- - Committee, to the women i all lands, Fmmeline-B- . Wells, FlmmaS. lavior, H Young, Margaiet B. Salisbury, Zina I. TV Kliibeth C. Bamberger, P,.rth. . t McCime, Minnie J, Sii"W, m. Isabella Home, Maria Y. l).ugall, Kuth M. Fox, Saiah J. Cannon, Romania ii. Pratt. X - "11 Hannah G. Solomon., of Chicago, the treasurer, is better .known, perhaps, as 1. t wm! .nf. Jiu,i;li :. j : . uiriwic .umuiMi " .Mrs. 11:1-1- 1 - ' . k A " K j ! -- teinr-tiona- ! Till; NATIONAL COUNCIL OK MKN. WO- - . The National Council iff Women just entering upon its fourth tenn starts most auspiciously. The term of office is three years, and the general plan 'of organization and representation in the Council is as neaily parallel to ihe government of the United States as is possible in an organization which, like tlie United States,. is eon--.- non-affiliate- 1 u u 1 1 .vix.i!ulimr Its . xi 1 nsi m. ho w- - ever, always rests upon '.he consent of the The officers for the governed. are well and carefully chosen to represent, the various sections of the country, as well-athe varying interests. Mrs. Fanny Humphreys Gaffney of New York, the president, is a woman ra t yet fully, but with each year ieevidhig progressive accomplishment of some line of She is veisatile, original, magnetic work. not great or unusual in and any way, but with just enough-altruisand appreciation of .others and their rights or wrongs, or their abilities or disabilities, to make her a successful leader and a satisfactory presiding officer. d . next-term- self-centeie- ; Persons. desirous of attending the Con-- I to be held in London gress commencing June 26th anddasting one week , Con-may.be interested to learn that the In-- I f gress is held under the direction of the Council of Women, of which l Lady Aberdeen is president. The tickets, which include the right to attend all meetings and take part in discussions, may be purchased for attendance at this Congress by any woman interested. T'jKse tickets have to be subscribed for in The ' price is most moderate; advance. club members and sr.7s to io those pur- St. 2s to those affiliated. chasing tickets early 111 .the season, trie privileges of invitation to certain social functions will be probably extended such as the reception in Stafford.-- House, garden party at Fulham Palace, and the lawn Roths-.chilparty at Gunnersbury Park by Lady of-Women- f d. s d, Mrs. Maria Purdy.Peck of Iowa; the vice president, is a student of history, an authority on many issues of college government, and a woman .of wide range of thought She is well known in Iowa, and activity. upon for the International Council Miss Bates, Octavia Williams, Miss Anthony, Susan B., Mrs. peck, Maria Purd7 . Miss S. American, Professor Bamberger, Mrs. Gaffney, Fanuie Humphrey Mrs.' Charlotte Perkins StUsoii, ; -- M.issiiAitanu 1 presiueni Women, Able, earnest, coniiuem ami successful is Mrs. Solomon in all things; ami "the council feels that its finances are in wise and competent hands. 1 . KXPONENT. A Naturally the International Council is the heart and center of all the congresses and at its business sessions only presidents and delegates frdm National Councils are present, but visitois and all interested are cordially, welcomed at, all open meetings of the Council and the general congresses, and a hearty invitation is extended to all interested to attend. The privilege of discussion is open to all at most sessions and all wdio are necessarily cut off from the regular formal program of the various meetings of the council or congress may speak and present their'cause in this way. Many meetings will b? going on atone and the same time in Various halls,- as it would be impossible to give all a hearing and whoever knows of her knows that the 'on one platform in tlve short period of oile one word to describe Mrs. Peck is to say, week; but it is the desire of the committee "She is reliable." No higher praise can to havfc the Congress "as representative as be given' any one than is conveyed in this possible and no one whom it is possible to include will be shut out. Those expecting word, and the council is to be congratulated to attend the Congress would best engage on having so able' a vice president. rooms ahead, as the London season being .; The recording secretary, Rev. Anna still on when the Congress meets, hotels Garlin Spencer, of Rhode Island, is a mind and boarding houses will naturally be in so able and a delivery so forcible and addemand. whomirable, that one feels convinced that .The- Hotel Victoria and Hotel ever hears her mus admit that this is inMetropole deed a stateswoman. each have single rooms from 3up and other hotels at about the same price or Mrs. Kate Waller- Barrett, of WashingLetters addressed simply to cheaper. D. is the 'these hotels, Londdn,-wil- l ton, corresponding secretary, reach destination. C, well and widely known through her conBoarding houses are numerous and prices nection w'ith the Florence Crittenden Mis- reasonable, as are also apartments where sion, Her sweet face, gracious presence rooms are hired and meals ordered extra. 1,. . - . -- : Mrs. C.'W. Alden, and others. There seems to be much question as to the relation of the International Council and the Congress of Women to be h;!d in ,i,onaon, yet me reiauou is most ,, Tlie International Council, an ore. ized :j"-ie- I41ltlI11f.ff1f11l1 . lw.lt. fifth yearly session, as is its custom. As it is an organized body, with regular delegates and business of its own to attend 'to in order to include all .women and have the broadest possible representation of wean's work, it calls, while its own meeting is in progress and under its auspices, this Con. gress of Women, in order to widen tire range of opportunity, hearing and for. all women" interested in the wcrk of women up to date. The question is asked, "Are not fraternal delegates received by the Internatiural Council? Yes, through the medium of this congress, which Is called. for all fraternal delegates in the widest and most hospit-iblsense. Individuals"of "any "national r societies affiliated with the National Council here in the United States can be received in the Congress by signing a" blank (forms for which can be had) stating such desire. All that is necessary is to have this blanlf also signed by the president and secretary of the association so affiliated. As for instance, any, member of a local suffrage league or the W; C. T. U. could get such signature fiom her local president or secretary and it would be hcnored.be- cause tne iNationai Miiirage association is affiliated with the National Council here, as is also the W. C. T. U. There must be forwarded with this blank the sum of i .25. These blanks will be furnished to appli cants. . A general form' of application is also issued for the use of private individuals not affiliated.. For this 1.75 is eh a rge d Organization is the keynote of the home the Council is the center around which organizations revolve, each true to'its own orbit. It is only by confering together in council that the broadest, widest thought can be reached, aud the most harmonious results in organization obtained. In answer to the question, "What is the National Council?" I must ask you another question then answer it myself. . What constitutes the United States,?-peit- her territory, constitution nor people, though each are vital and essential. Territory is senseless and-o- f itself boundless; .the Constitution is a document only, ' however much it may contaiu or express in sentiments or signatures; .while the people'' of the United States are of varying-typeand degree and changing condition. The real United States is held together ainl kept Further circulars or information may be a national unit by the spirit and intention ' had by addressing the' president of the' expressed 111 that Constitution that spiru National Council, Mrs. Fannie Humphreys being endorsed and acquiesced in d3ii life west Gaffney .333 77th street, New York, bv the neonle vhr submit to x its rule. or. the corresponding secretary, Mrs: Kate Thus the United States is really a spirit, VaUer Barrett,. 21S Third street- N. W entity held in the minds of the people -6 - . tary to the council, and tier firm belief in the idea of the council cannot fail to im-press all who may receive a word from her ' able pen. Mrs. Emmeline B; Wells, of .J'tah, assistant recording secretary, is a pioneer in -v ux k . : - awe- is cuitur cm a )vumuu paperr ; - - Washington, Among tne speakers already, determiited D.-C- v -- e - " . N acafry4kis..tho4ig The strength of our to our Council. otin ' 