v. .t . i r n You AN'S , IENT wholesome laws judiciously adTuTnlsVered with a view to restraining evil and promote tend-ting good in practical ways that should better standards in every day life. While mothers and sisters were content-witdomesticity and never looked into the outside world except, as some man. gave his masculine view, the world, wagged along; but when woman awoke to a conscions- - ness of her 0W11 power she began to wonder.. were her and to calculate and inquire-whaturned rights. The key of knowledge-wafor her, and men no longer had the same absolute sway. Women began to do some of their own thinking on moral questions, and then social problems were discussed on the moral side, and following 'that economic measures and so on through the whole cateTo woman has gory of human affairs. been opened 'the gre.it domain of the world, and" why not to the mothers of generations of men? But ask as one will Why and. wherefore the fact remains .that woman is now fairly launched into the areuaof Herculean endeavor to make her, way onward and upward in the ascent of life to thfThigh-e- r plane and to lift up those weaker and less able than herself, the women of less enlightened countries and the children; striving to make better the conditions and environments, removing obstructions that lie-ithe pa'thway to excellence, and always bearing iiiastnuch as is possibleJhe-huruenol others, who are struggling to reach saler , delegation of ladies will g.o from Utah to attend the Triennial of the National Council of Women to be held in Wahin'r. ton early this month, and will be there fn time for the preliminary or prefatory niett. ing to be held Saturday evening, thc j, 0f February, at the,Arlingtoh Hotel where o A - EM ME LIS E h in Silt I --ike City, Ut.i. onf onccpy yr.ir,i.oo; onr copy six months, (liv-erf- l Pul!!s!i-- Terms: Jul J or WE LIS. 'J. 1 srini-.in.jnmi- No reiiucti'm in.i'le lor clubs City papers by m (urpost.ir one yr.tr, 25 ctv. A lvrrtisip; r.it'cs: h srju.ue, ten linrs of nonp .ml nr'. $i.'o; per month, I3 00. A liberal dis-- c icr oniil nnt rii ir a 1 vrrtiers. KvroNhN l' orticr," Room 203 Tmp!eton, South everv pie Such. Hu'snrss hours rom 10 a. in. to 5 p. m. day, excrpt Sunday. $octs. rtn K-i- s WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. PUHLISHKK Salt Lake City, Utah. Enttrti I' at tht it Ofict Salt lakt S,ilt City, Vt ik, ai J mmtf , 'itconJ-c.it- s i Lakk Citv FhitKUAKv" 1, 1 S99- - A WONDKRFUL AG1C. Truly this age is significant of a higher order of things, a larger outlook soon to manifest itself in the development of the human race. Assuredly in all that relates to progress and to culture even in aesthet, ics the human family is not going hut forward. Organization has had I. .. . A., .. . I it...- I . a. - 1 . 1 - To be sure waHias not ceased altogether, Peace Congress for all the powerful nations, foretells vividly what, we who are living toOne day may anticipate as near at hand. even now looks forward to the unexpected, and might almost add the impossible; for really what would have been claimed as utterly impossible fifty years ago has come to piss; and is almost classed as something, of an i' cident instead of, as our forefathers would have thought it, a positive miracle or unwarrantable in fact. Not only the rapid advancement made in the world of affairs, great and small, and the common workaday world itself, but the unprecedented growth, of ideas; not necessarily from the learned in the arts and sciences, or direct lines of knowledge, but. a kind of spontaneous outcome as it were from some fount of intelligence which had been reposing through the ages and culminated at last in the nineteenth century, cry certain truths for the uplifting of mankind.. The Lord of heaven and earth has the over-rulinpower, notwith- - . g ( ! g, - Tiie-ixaee-projeet standing something more than has yet apimpracticability of many of the theories of presagesvarious peared; conjectures about his motives men; and lie will care for His own, and are afloat, but the Lord is uorkiug among those that seek after the bread of life will the nations and the desire for'peace which be entitled-t- o the promises made to the is growing among highly enlightened peofaithful. Women have in this present generation ples speaks for itself in a voice not to be taken hold of some of the problems of the misunderstood. Russia may be afraid of "other nations and consequently advise disday and wrestled with them with Jhe intuitive spiritual strength that seems to be a armament, but- a higher power than the .Czar can be recognized in the treatv for part of the feminine nature. Menin high places who have hitherto beeu tenacious of peace along whichjine some men and wothe rights and of power are beginning to feel, men, thePeacemakers, have been laboring last decade with great diligence. and in some, measure to acknowledge the during superiority ofwoman's judgment in many Summing .up the great changes in the last hundred years must bring evidenced all" important matters, and to appreciate Jher who stop to think, and another age like help as a force working for good in nearly this will assuredly bring greater all 'the varied lines of progress. things to pass in the same ratio. It is a truth that women stand 011 a higher plane morally and spirit We have asked, repeatediv throueh: ually tliau inen,- and why, then, may they the not mingle in goverrmen for the names of women society and the true ife of the individual who were elected in November i3o3 bn and the nation depends so much upon gooU liave not yet been able to get repl es UuLvisdoui-xffhe-worldti- dh - . self-evide- nt . - , . ing the time ot the Triennial. women ministers of On Sunday different denominations who are in attend-ancat. the Council will probably le invited to speak in some of the churches in the city as they usually are, or have been in the past. The National Woman's Relief Soeittv and the Young Ladies National Mutual are affiliated with Improvement the National Council and will send dele-- ' gates, or rather, technically speaking, a proxy for the president and cme delegate The president of from each'organization. each society affiliated is to the Council proper, and all business- that pertains to the Council is referred that she mavvact in reference to it, either in person or uy correspondence or telegiam. Mrs. Zina I). II . Young and Mrs. Hhnina S. Taylor are by virtue of the office they hold vice presidents. The presidents and delegates are the onlv ones who have vntf-except the general officers' of .the society, and in their absence or thr president is represented by proxy, and the delegate by an alternate who vote in their place, Patrons of the Council have no vote, though they have all other privileges; they may attend all business meetings, participate in discussions and have the privilege of the floor; but cannot vote as theyhave ho constituency torepresent. Annual. contributors are admitted to tile same privileges as patrons. r To become a patron one must ltf remm mHrYrlefl ns n nnrvrm r( itiflti. ence and standing in society by some one to whom- she is" known and., who is . herself known to 'the Society. The fee for patrons is one hundred dollars down, and lor annual contributors five dollars'a year. There are several ladies in this city who are anuual contributors, though very few patrons. The National Council is certainly a most dignified body of superior women; they hail from all parts of the United States and Fraternal Delegates have come from n , vice-presiden- t . s . Combined efforts are multiplying, and necessarily must increase tire power against tyranny and oppressin of air kinds, "and wnere men anu women, unite lor high purposes, intelligently waging war against the victory so long looked for wrong-doinmust eventually be expected. . But such a thing cannot be brought about momentarily; howevheer leaven is working and the prophecies of Joel concerning the last days when the spirit of the Lord would be poured out upon all flesh are being fulfilled before the very eyes of the generations of today and they knowit not. There is a power that is working for righteousness iii the earth though the influences that tend to. evil are opposed. .Whatever may be said of the age, everyone must admit it is a wonderful age however one marks progress. History must so record it. This nineteenth century now drawing to a close is the most eventful one since the days of the Savior and His Apos-le- s in the first century of the Christianera. have its headquarter dur. ss As-ociatio- s- S Councii e n Jjack-ward- ... lh t Ad iress ill business communications to NATIONAL COUNCIL. TO1KNNIAL non-attendanc- j e - . its regular sessions and also to its business v session". In Washington in 1895, "at- the second Triennial,, the Countess of Aberdeen, and Lady Henry Somerset were both upon the platlorm as speakers with many other distinguished women writers and orators. Mrs. .Kllen Richardson of Boston, of Mem the Georp-- Washinp-topresident orial Association, made a magnificent-speecat the executive meeting in Omaha in October at one of .the public sessions, also Mrs. Kate Waller Barrett, who represents the Florence Crittendon ,. ssociation. It is to be regretted that more Utah women ,v cannot. attpnrl iin T-mct lncuiudi, as 11 id jlus - e r educational in 'many ways. It was confidently expected at the session of 1S95 that the next Triennial would meet m an upper anrt lower house as the Congress of the United States does, but so many things have since transpired .to hinder the progress, which the Council excected to make that the idea is given up for the pres- em, aiinough not abandoned. 