WOMAN'S U'J XL 1VfYi'r . EXPONENT. are slow in coming toa knowledge 01 ca,u April 27 to May 4, 1899. , ui 1 Miss Susan ri'Ci tit tit .... ... B 1 "devoted officers,' vice president, rctarits and so on, and the work they 'live if undertaken and carried forward' will mark a heroic crisis iu affair vitally .C( ...'. i,.v.l Term: - ct$. vtithlir one copy one rr luctioj. rnit y-- 7.1,"? r"4;-i!A- r xtn tT'f"" t Ci!', Utah. tkr- J (.co; one copy six months.r dubs.. City pajv:s (WiVy r , 5- - ' The itcond-cUii- t matitr, Silt l-jl- City, f Halt Ljkk City," May h ; Women from all countries are. expected alto be present, the countries' that have and ready organized National Councils affiliated with the International Council are the United States, Great Britain, Germany, Sweden, Italy, Austria and Belgium; others are organizing with the intention of affiliatin London. ' the at meeting June in ing Holland organized a National Council March 15, at Utrecht, with delegates from sixteen woman's associations, and resolved to apply for admission to the International Council at the quinquennial in June. France, has been intending to organize for some time past, and other countries are. plan- Utaa " . session has ever been publiclyconveneu. Salt Lake City,: Utah. P"St Of.ce in emphazing human progress; of Women 'most interesting gathering of women that PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, &,9-PEAC- MEETINGS. A letter recently received from Mrs. May (whose name is well known Wright in Utah) recommends that women's meetings be held in the interest of peace and arbitration on the evening f May 15.' the He-wall, d , in London. England, commencing June 26, ill undoubtedly be the greatest and Jitrl Tern-pi- c Kxi onksT orficr, Room 2o3 Tcnrr let jn, South m. every Str-- i t. Huisiuv. hours From io a. m. to 5 p. tl.y, except Sunl.iy. Afi.Ir:s5 V.l business communications to llnttrti at tht International: Council Twl)TcTnftill" K.ch sqiwrr, trn lin- -s of nonprofit timt. JV; per month, i$oo. A A.lmUsfrs. rat-- i: Ivcrtisipjj s,i:on: in Salt .tr, N'o ereJIvTM A crm.iti out-line- INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL- - OF WOMEN. HJ.tuK. . KMMliUNF. y. WELLS, ning to do the same. The Council will have congresses iu session in several different places at the same time, similar to the World's Congress in Chicago. All toe places of meeting are -very which is, I believe, the headquarters for the International Council, has never before sunrr cjcwall jjconiu jcucr-uu- m American Member of Peace and Arbitration Committee.;' gives more direct iu nnation concerning the simultaneous meetings to be held in the promotion of peace 'and justice (instead of force) in International relations. This meeting will mark an epoch in the history of the world. They are to beld in all the important towns of each country. The countries that have already consented are England, the United States of America Holland, France, Germany, Austria and Japan; many other countries are expected to and probably will do the same. Salt Lake City should certainly do the very bes; to make the meeting in this famous city a grand success. It will certainly be a memorable and historic event, if possible let the women of Utah go down t in this great femhistory as inistic movement for the good of the whole g world. set been Conference Peace Czar's having for May iS. Mrs. Sewall further states TO BRANCHES OF THE RELIEF these meetings are to be held all over the Coiumittee Jia.ving.been SOCIETY. world from formed including some representatives through (Republished by request, and permission every country, largely, of of President Lorenzo Snow.) the influence of Fran Professor Salenka .been opened to a woman's assembly. ' Munich. Lady Aberdeen, the present Each National Council affiliated to the Being very frequently receiving letters of International the Council, of great president International Council is entitled to two relative to duties, practices, privis one of the committee. most inquiry the sessions business its at and votes, ileges, etc., of officers and members of the We are anxious to respond to Mrs. Sew-all'- s the largest Relief Society, and being unable to devote important questions concerning suggestions and to invite representaof mankind as a whole and future sufficient time to answer inteiests individually, ive tives from all women's organizations and of the vorld, will be discussed by policies gladly accept the privilege extended by from all parties 2nd sects to unite in this some of the minds of the age. greatest Mrs. Wells to respond in general manner meeting in Salt Lake City and elsewhere in will and is the Aberdeen president Lady the columns of the 'Exponent." the State, to show our appreciation of the a with of officers commit- through and corps preside, "Should a president of teachers be aefforts being made for nations, tees and sub committees have the superinin each branch ?" ami that we are in favor of all difficulties tendence of this Council and Congress. ppointed great It is better for small branches not to and differences being settled,, if possible, by The social functions .will be very elaborIn those the teachers arbitration. appoint a president. ate. Garden parties and receptions, reshould report in the general meetings, and The desire and feeling oh the part of the Stafford at at House, garden party ception In . every com mil lee seems to be "to reduce bloodkeep no separate minutes. Pulham palace and lawn party at. Gunners-burbranch the president of, the organization s shed, to reduce the awful immorality that Park by Lady Rothscbild'are among and always attends and follows war, and to rethose mentioned. Some association of this virtually presides .over the teachers, in These only duce the awful expense of it." kind brings people into closer: proximity presidents of teachers are needed accumto all is such sentiments make common appeal and social acquaintance than the formality those branches where there ' ulation of work as to render it necessary hearts. of meetings will admit of, and breaks the ' to receive to relieve the presiding board. We are hourly expecting continuous strain of mental exertion; for "Should the teachers' minutes le read at other more definite suggestions in reference when one hears so and many good speakers to the meetings, but certainly prayers, with such profound subjects, the general meeting ?" papers dealing subthe and All members who attend meeting shouTJ speeches bearing upon hymns a positive relief to have something now it is be made acquainted with and have a voice ject of peace made by both men and wo- and then m a lighter vein, that sort of equalmen cannot fail in producing good and harin all business transactions of importance izes the individual, condition. women and monious feelings. Leading departments. No "change has been is to be hoped that women who can It men already consulted on the subject are in afford the time and money will attend this made" in this respect. MTs it Ticrht fnr tliA cictprc tn raffle?" full sympathy with the movement. so where much that magnificent congress, Raffle is The first meeting of the International is We say emphatically, -- no done will be known and better being apPres1' Council after the formal opening on June a modified name of gamble. only forever after. Such preciated opportunities dent rae, 26, will be devoted to the subject of InterBrigham Young oace said to should be and their benefits utilized grasped innational Arbitration, which shows the "Tell the sisters not to raffle; if the mothers in the world's work of great progress. has in awakened terest this subject the Raffle raffle their children will gamble. of of counnations minds and ' many people is gambling." e tries. Carefully prepared papers and disEDITORIAL NOTES. Some say . "What shall we "do ? cussion will awaken many more to the imhave quilts on hand we cannot sell them perative need of a better method of settling The article on .the third page' of this issue and we need the means to supply our difficulties than going to war, with a view entitled "Education and Motherhood-.was treasury, which we can obtain by raffling to conquer or kill or both,' and the effect for a prepared Department Meeting in for the benefit of the poor," Rather tBe and world deis the most society upon upon but as no such meeting thp nniltQ rnf rm Vio cTiKroc f Ti a n adopt Washington, D." With the enlight-men- t was held we haveC,asked basing, in its tendency. old adage: "The end will sanctify W to permission pub!a of the age should come higher lish it in the "Exponent.") means." As ..Latter-da-y Saints we canoj of sense honor, and a more thorough under- afford to sacrifice moral principle to all nations a. standing of the rights-oThe 31st Annual Convention of the . government by its own people, or at least National Woman's Suffrage Association gain. Supp0 Let us investigate the subject: the consent of the governed. But nations convened at Grand Rapids, Mbipffi an article, quilt or other property, is p,jt p A-Centr- . al popularr-aiulV'emihi&terIIa- she-states- ' lL ; peace-amon- y : ! . in-b- . . - . - . -- ! j - . -- -- oth 