1 WOMANfS. EXPONENT. 8 when the Jaredite nation, save one man, be DEBATK ON POLYGAMY. dune extinct. .How solitary and lonely he must have No home, felt, alone on a great continent no friends !.' Can we contemplate anything How long he wandered to and so awful! he reached -- fro we.know not, but. at last the southern "portion oftlie North America!) .continent, thousands of miles from his form-c- r home, and to the great astonishment of both,. he found the people of Mulek, who had been led from Jerusalem by the hand of the Lord about eleven years after LeM. With them he spent nine moons, when he too, passed away to the world of spirits. Thus ended one of the mightiest nations, who, as long as they kept the commandments of God, flourished, but when they became wicked and corrupt, fell into decay and finally destroyed each other in civil war. Men and women. fared alike. The last bat-- , tie was fought as near as can be gleaned from the records, 590 IJ..C. When Kther liad completed his records he hid the twenty-fou- r golden plates on which they were engraved in the place .where they were afterwards found by the people of King Limbi, when they were The searching for the land of Zarahemla. plates were afterwards carried by the Nephites to Zarahemla, and were translated by the king and prophet, Mosiah II. From that time-- , they were handed down from one generation' to another witlrotber sacred and holy records and things, until Moroni; the last great Nephite prophet and general made an abridgement of them, and they were deposited with others of a like character in the Hill Cumorah. There they lay concealed for centuries until they were delivered into the hands, of the boy prophet, Joseph Smith of the 19th century. On tne 22nd of September, 1827, were placed in his hands by the Angel Moroni, the plates from which the Book of Mormon wah translated, also the Urum and Thum-mini' ! , , . v t H. II. Lyon. REORGANIZE THE RED CROSS. A 'resolution against the admission of was adopted Congressman Roberts of Utah, on Monday, March 20, by the Massachusetts House' of Representatives after a sharp de bate; Mr. Tolman. of Pittsfield'," opposed the resolution against the admission of Bngham H. Rolerts of. Utah to a seat in the 56th He said if was, none of the Coneress. business of the Legislature.' Neither Utah nor Massachusetts Congressmen had asked the Legislature to act. He hoped it would be killed. Mr. Salter, of Lynn, for- the committee a moral reporting the resolve, said this was Thecbmmittee was unanimous question. in support of the resolution. Mr. Murphy, of Lawrence, said he had listened with a good deal of amusement to ty& wail of the screech owl from Wachusett. The question was a pressing one. In New. York this resolution was passed; and so it Mormons had agreed was in Kansas. The ' to quit polygamy, but had not done so. Roberts had served his time in jail for poly- gamy. Mr. Charles :R. Saunders opposed the It was no business of the resolution. Legislature to be instructing. our Congressmen. A good policy for- - the Legislature was to mind its own business. Utah should have been kept out'of the Union unless she gave safe guarantee to cease polygamous Mr. Hawes, of Weymouth, said in reply to Mr. Tolman that there was a committee on federal relations to consider just such questjons, and it was the business of the Legislature, if it was fit, to act on national questions. Mr. Davenport, of Greenfield, made a He was strong plea for the poJygamists. in favor of the broadest freedom in religious He said matters, quoting the Constitution. there was a wise man in the Bible who believed in polygamy. lie could not say that there was anything in polygamy that was immoral. s ot Mr. Salter, of Lynn, said the members would be glad if the resolution had not been brought in, but he thought they would not care to vote against morality. Mr. Douglass, of Boston, said this motion If carried out, was a Christian motion. polygamy would break up the foundations of society. He was for the resolution and Christian morality. The resolutionwas adopted, 68 to 59. Plans are now afoot to reorganize the National Red Cross Society. The reorganization is being considered by a committee. Primarily it is intended to establish permanent headquarters of. the National Red The pro: Cross Society in Washington. erection the of a posed plan contemplates building at Washington, to be devoted solely to the uses of the society. The chief officers of the society are to be a president, vice president and chief of staff. The duties of the latter, official will be that of a general manager, who will exercise a general control of the work of the society "throughout the country, subject to the authority of Miss Barton as president and the board of directors. In the United States the country will be divided into departments, which geographically will correspond to. the military departments as they now exist. Each department" will be administered by a chief, who will have control of the territory under his charge, and who will in return be responsible to the executive committee of the It- will be the duty of board of directors each chief to so organize his department that local Red Cross societies will be established in the cities and towns within his jurisdiction. These societies will be responsible to himr . - . A newr literary star is being brought to the attention of the reading world through the pages of the Woman's Home Companion a clever. Japanese girl, Miss Oncto Watanna, who writes bright stories depicting phases of American and English life in Japan. Mrs. Hetty Green, who is said to be the richest woman in America, is so pursued by beggars that she conceals her address from the public, and her doorplate bears the inscription, "C. Dewey." This is the name of her daughter's little dog. Commodore Dewey, born on the day of. the battle of Manila. "This little terrier simply runs, this, whole household," Mrs Green said the other day to a reporter for the New Voice. "We live with him not he with us." . trit " Savings, Bank ,y 'i'm.'t mid Jargtt oldest the Company, bunk, in Utah. Since' the. establishment of- th.; wo have opened more than V.K" IV- with Zion'rf . ! grt a dollar, Ami whenytm , . - . : . , Hjfwvou nt 1n r,lUtah ; . The laws of permit mani,! women and abyo children who are jir.i, to open savings accounts in own name, subject to their own order. Haw If not, 01, you such an account? one N'OW. We pay FOUR VVM CENT TKUHST on any amount from nj;, do!. lar to thousands, and comjhiu-interes- aid four times a year. WKITK for any information desired. tf-i- 1 t S.VOW, lVest. M. Cannon, CV I c r LOKKSZO Gf.okci: Nos. l-- ; Main Street. T-5 NOTICE. To complete my volumes of the Woman's Kxponent I lack the following numbers: Volume VII., No. "3, July 1, iSyS; Volume XI., No. 16, January 15,1873; VolnmeXIlI., and 2, June 1 and 15, 1SS4; Volume XVI., No. 20, March 15, 18SS; also Nos. 1 April i, 1892, and October 1, 1895. To any one willing to part with them I will pay ten cents a paper, but please communicate by letter, or card before sending Address papers. Romania B. Pratt, Room 226 Constitution BIdg.', S. L. City. acts. three-fourth- . Save Your Money MASSACHUSETTS R.K, THOMAS Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail Cash. House, R.K.THOM AS SHOR OREGON RAIL ROAD I-L- IHE TIME TABLE IN E FFEC T SI ARCH ARRIVE,- - - 19, - From Ogden, Chicago, Omaha, St. Louis, Kansas City and Denver . 3:30 a.m. From Ogden, Cache Valley, Portland liu'tte and San 8:55 a.m.' Francisco From Oglen, Chicago, St. Louis, Omaha and Denver 3:0M ni. From Ogden, Cache Valley and San Francisco... . .. 7:20 p.m. From Frisco, Milford, Sanpete and Intermediate 9:35a.m.-- , points...... .'. ', From Tintic, Mercur and Intermediate" points' From Tooele and Terminus ' DEPART. p.m- 6:) 6 00 V-- - v For Ogden?TarJt City, Omaha, Chicago, Denver,, Kan- ....... "W"1sasCity and St. .Louis.. ... .'...;.. .. a.m. For Ogden, Cache Valley and intermediate 8:0 points.. a I!1 . .. ForTllincTIefgarBTid luUroieUiate-polnt- g. For Ogden, Denver, St. Lonls, Chicago, San Francwco CAlJ V Ogden.JButte, Fort'arwL, Sau Francfsco. ...... - 9:45 a.m. For Provo; Sanpete, Milford and Frisco . . v. . . . . - 6: 7:45a. mFor Tooele and Terniluus Tralns south of Juab d ) not rifn Sandays, - Daily except Sunday. w-F- ; - - , City Ticket Office Under Masonic Hall, Second South Street. ; . W. ECCLES, Oen. Tratfic Man.iger. . r v I K. BURU-- Gen. P. and T. tV. H. BAKCHOFT. Vice President and Gen'l. Manager. t A"' ' - . , 