' 1 ; ; The Ballot m the Hands SALT Vol. v ;; S..::;;Kon ). thr !u M. Conference-Kdiei' Si-k-tv Cornelia Pratt Driggs (r Tanner.....-- A. .i St. 'lair ( iVrN ' K-- .1 II :: . :::!.: kc- ... V. ' -oi-lvtv .'.) J, S. Yo..!lcy n Notes by the Way. S.-a- - .............. V'.' ...... '....Robert (.:gc speak: to ". . . ; LovcTnoiv me kindly.- - ak to mo kindly, frien'1. Smile as you ki- - - me by. ' In :;:p tlhv svwvi, i ) k A M.-n- . glance fro:;; your frit-n!- I eye y kno'.v not how 'much of cheer Muv be coached in a single word, i! may not yet appear. i ; How deeply stirred.', V-- tlu-'sou- We' cannot know the heart. Xo" t'. Jvj- See the tear-diii- U-t And 'the-weary- f tho-.- ; we meet iv.idc to tart, faltering feet. i) , ih.t rest assured of this, Not. even a smile is loty What the giver can never miss. May bring joy to the tempest tossed. There rnay be. a longing sore I'or the bfessings which are ours; Some miss friends who will come no more. In their lives are darkened hours. -- Some are weary with toil. '. - They scarcely iinMime to pray. Then h.in!("wc not give of our oil. -- To brighten their darksome way?. It may seem a little thin-- -. To ask ftr a word, a smile. Bat, O. 'twill a n heart beguile. And the halo-ding- - - BY ai.ici; hi:kki-:(Cora hion. ) . , . , meanwhile wandered 'rather 'aimlessly through the camps, engaged if. one or two expeditions, trying to find the only peace It would not she could in forget lulness. come, and finally she became disheartened .and found that she only had one day to reach 'Washington on the Colon lV com-- . mission. .She hastened thither at once. She dressed herself in full dress regiment als and seemed a gallant youth, as she was shown into the presence of General Wash He received herewith the memingtou bers of his staff about him. The room, was spieious and three r four long French windows allowed the sunlight to glisten' The golden ray s4ell full over the place. upon the slight figure of Deborah, on the gold bands and gilt buttons and hat, .with its cockade of red, white and blue, and lighted her inspired face, her gleaming eyes and parted tips showing the white in expectancy,' waiting teeth as to hear the General's orders. TThe hour was midday and the sun was at Yet while it fell upon its brightest. Deborah, it left one part of the room in She had an uncomparative shadow. comfortable'' feeling that ..some one was standing looking out, but she did not turn to mSke' sure dor she. was carious to watch Washington, and she: became' agitated as she stood there, with all those great men gazing at her. But while she looked at the General's noble countenance a great calmness came oyer her and she delivered the Colonel's letter into his hands and stood at attention, waiting. The room was very still; no sound but c . care-wor- We cannot live for self, Without a thought for others, - Enjoying worldly pel f Ignoring sisters, brothers. In Cod's eternal plan, she-pause- lie did not will it so, man His love for .si "In endless streams doth How 1, ro. Xos. 12 i;v n-f- . lie has said. "My child Cone thou and follow me, - . shield from tempests wild, I'll ' And make thee glad an d free." ' ' . 0, may this holy love Fill up our souls alway, . ?. Descending from above, each acts our all day. , Prompt Mary A. Frlkz'k. And ; 1. Xadysmitii is called after the wife of Sir ' r gently. "You are to, be commended for ' your bravery." The man :n the window turned instantly r as the General spoke, but Deborah did not heed. him. She fell oh one knee saying, "Your blessing, General." He gave it and conferred upon her the honorary badge :"of distinction established by him: He proceeded to put. into her hand a discharge from the army, a note of pra se as well and a few words of advice and farewell. She rose to withdraw, but some one stood beside her. Hen Gannett. She lecoiniized n Robert," he exclaimed. "You here," she said in confusion. ' They made their adieus .to Washington .and his staff and departed. As they found themselves in the street Deborah asked, "How did you come here ?" "To wait for you, Rob. I wanted to be-here when ou came to help nou," he answered, .with an unmis'akable meaning in his glance. She blushed uncomfortably." He knew .her secret She hastily lore open Wash- ingtou s letter containing her dismissal from the army and 'he' note of praise lor a woman's bravery and a 'it of advice to a madcap's wildness. She laughed nervous ly as she said to Ben, '.'And you sir. have ou known tm secret, loo?" "Yes." he. said, laughing with 'her. "Anl now let's hurry and get to camp. ' "I'm going home, " "she sa nl thought fully, "and you will come and see me later , . ; -- A TOMAN QF- THE for-him- to Me Kindle. M. A. Freeze k - Dcborali knew hef only .vifcty lay in from him. She feared she imVht be tray 'herself if she stayed, for she-grerevive under the necessity, of concealing her identity, for never had she been so in- terestui in any one as she was in hm. The power he exerted over her made her only sde 1:1 retreat. She dared not look into her soul and find a deeper feeling Mhough she knew too well it was there, so now she made light of his earnestness. "Dr. Ben," she said, MIts useless trying to tie me down. My nature is wild and free. I want to be away." "As )ou please then. I'm sorry. Yet, Rob, I knoA that some day you will 'return tome. Good-bye- , , my boy." He clasped her hands with, a strong pressure. His manly countenance grew pale as he ga.ed at her. She saw the anxious look, but left him to go to the tent, where sin- packed up a few things and in a little while .she was gone. Ben Gannett meantime '.vent to headquarters to see the General. Day alter day he waited, but no trace of' Deborah. She ' . . Jiomr, tU Stair and the Nat. on. DKCKMBKR REVOLUTION. F.lizabe'th Ca'ly Stanton m 15 M ' . to belLW the w -. ' 13 - s Roberts. . . .'. Fashionable Woo. .'. .?' J. K. orth London Relict -- An'.honv 3! lillu-- . . Ku1:! Society...'.. Monthly Meitin- , r.( - DEBORAH SAMPSON l.aruVrt Mictingat lleberCity.A. Mi-......... Anthony. .1 I..-- ;- CITY, UTAH, XOYKMBKR . . " ' ' A Woman p( '. . of the Women of Utah shoullbe a Pour, LA'KIC COXTKXTS. . . - - - ! . on. 'If you want me," he replied. "Of course I want, u,'' she : said. "How thankful lam," she continued, "to thai great and good who so kindly m-M- i Sj)ared iny- feelings. - He saw me ready to sink with shame One vord from him at that moment would have crush d me to the eirth, but he spoke no word and I bless him for it. " "You are right, Deborah," 'he". said, call ing her for the first time by her uwn name and she gave .him a glance of pleasure. "General Washington1 is a hbble man," A few months later Ben Gannett rang the bell of a humble house in Plympton. Deborah opened the door for him was in a pale lavender muslin, her curls grown a trifle longer, eiicirc.liiig lovely face.' The glow of health more showed on her cheeks, her She dark ; her once eyes beamed with pleasure at beholding him. "Ben," she said, after the greeting, "I am so glad to see you." She led him into the living room. On a hook in a corner hung an army cap and she sword, and close by her rifle. of remains service went on, "the to my my . country." The enthusiasm, the inspiration lighting her dark eyes told him that she had not overcome that absorbing passion for her country. He did net seek to stifle it, in- narry Smith, formerly commanding general ,j. v stead he remarked: in South Africa... She was a Spanish girl to - :' Yes, Delorah , I see, .and who knows, -- of- the - paperas-Washingt- ou vrhoni the General gave protection when When he finished reading;;; you may have occasion to tise them again ?" a subaltern in the Peninsular war, and' turned a page. ; "Xo," I think not, ,f she said. "I have, FTarri- he looked at her kindly. who subsequently married him. it so that J al- home from ' long "And you are Robert ShirtlifTe, he.said been away smith is named-afte- r her , husband, v., ' j -- Ire-was the-rus- tle ' . . - ; , 