WOMAN'S ht sjt Krmv jVre. Yvc wht-r- sagebrush grew be- - KXPONKNT. S!;'1'1,ter. - be lived at M.ink Creek :it 10:30 amj dined wUlr Brother ami Sister Met in conference at 2 p. m'. !i the stand were President Klizj. - and- - Counselors Mary Hawses irt'i J i 1'. Dudley, President lir.diam. Mc.Wal ami JJishop- Ras;uii-.o.- r ,',1 , all of whom spoke. ami the.spitit Ka: and much Gua v,s abundantly eiij.-ye- j was Rim.: instructions abont ,J c : 39 uphold the authorities, exemplary." Margaret 1 Limit of Morgan, said:"I always ieel like doing my duty, for. I know 1 ii.ae to worl; ran my own salvation. We ! re getting along ii.ve . 11: '. im 1 1 i 1 fnrly 1, , , ( ! r'vk-.v- VVy . ', I wi'Vl-Vr- a"'1 im'"'';''1 " '" ,? v i ' :t ,, V uc Morgan, ii' have ami wheat .011 haul, "1? - 1 T' i - nell-a- t V'd'Ul 1 k " ?r,.w"lw been well paid- t7r coming to meeting today, and bore her testimony to the truth of the Gospel and power of "healing by the priesthood, and was "thankful to her Heavenly Pather for .this testimony. Sister Irene Smith Kud she was. thankful to have the privilege of speaking and bearing: her testimony to th.e tiuth of the Gospel; also spoke of the necessity of form-ingood habits. President Cornelia Morfeusen gave a - -- g 1 - 'fl.i l," , themselves to he cause for the hope that is re-po- rt of. her visits together with 'her conn-- . selors in Hie various wards in the Stake. 'granaries, storing graiu, taking ahie to give . :u;g li.e us ion i; NT and pay me Said they found President Graham reported the t:,h:i,.,r. striving, to do Sister P, Mountain Cullers, duties View with i. order. ;their renewed Said good working the c;ety energy. Spoke s:u,l: branch, at brethren on and bad "My donated and length sifters, cleanliness, exhorted the. vLly twenty dollars obemg .called to lie missionaries in the hct two give a report of the Mouu-tam- . sisters to put.into practice the instrtu tious" to help ievv and .Bountiful branches of the given. a: Iliad look d after the poarand Ib.kei I will endeavor to do. Society, Conference adjourned' for six-- mouths. so to a good in general. 6::e the best The sisters are de-- ; Singing, "Come, Come ye Saints." Ikme- iny ability. ;f meeting was held at Glen Dale Oar s:rais of doing all the good thev can in for. iiictiou by Sister Annie Westover. ' . 10 o'clock Friday . morning, President ,r " COKNKI.IA MORTFNSIKN, PleS. tne.KeUei.. Society. M.irv Ann" Nelson presiding Lid-nt-- i. utl Ui"'""ii:iH Ui iwemy mem- Mary F. CkowTiir.K, Sec. roxa!aia.un:;elor JJ.lv. UuUioy.ol the Stake-being present oir the htand. rrcsideacy, Siter Res t Kocli, cf Manassa, read an sr. josi:rn staki:. Mcetir.g opened vith the usual exercises; essay The Home entitled, and Mother as aerahers' enrolled, 26; mem'bers present, The conference of St. Joseph Stake was M Thev1 Inilnemv nnr Th-16. organization is cojnplete. The held at Pima, June 17, iSyy. '.Meeting was 'Sister Magdalme'FunkVaid: 'T am glad :ue ou!ig; they had not subscribed to meet with my sisters in conference ami called to order by President Elizabeth bay-tofor the hi xi'ONENT as yet, but would do so. There were present on the stand of h;:ve rejoiced in lUtrung to the reports Proceeded on to Preston to fill our Iat the presiding priesd.ood, Presidents Andrew given. I.ct us be awake to our duties, Kimball We. met sppolr.tir.etit at 2 o'clock p. m. and AV. 1). Johnson, besides . these S'eiaies are a great aid to the Pishops. wit:; the usual kind reception of the sisters, wards. Tlie sisters in their visits can find out the Bishops from several who were glad to see us although we were After the' Pima ward choir singing by circumstances of families that the brethren tiaveled-btained- . and . President and duty I pray God to bless us all. Amen." jrayer by Bishop John Taylor, minute After the opening linnet. Julia Roper presided. of the conference were read and preceding Sister Dolhe Russeil bore a strong testi- ' exercr-e;aucn good instruction was given, fiiniiv . t Roll was called, show ing r .1 1., t .. approved. l'MlC 0SPIi;umuij a , it verm tactirallv fho cnn,P nc line ', Ulc officers tuil-ihr.- : ul a 1 . . ; 1 . . the-sister- s i i , u-ars- ' ( 1 -- ! : , . . " Ult:--i)l ' -- ' ! T - iv-.-- c - n. of-th- . s . . . A . 1 meatioued before, it is not necessary .; Tl:e subject of purity nere. tj re; was continued, for the Gospel .was never'to' betaken fjom the earth, and God in His v.isdora 1. I reserved noble spirits to come forth in this day for this special work, apd-Hdes!:e-them to have Dure and nohh been . - I lrria, .,.np-..,- present." twenty were made by President ; Opening remarks Laytom President Sarah Wee'ch reported the Pi;na Relief Society:. said they had completed their society hall antf had lor some time been meeting in it. President Jennie Cluff, of Central, and President Nancy Rollins, of kayton, reported their respect ive societies. President Kimball said he was proud of the Relief Society; that he honored it and ' dicers and res!)eclcd 4, ofthe unuer an ii.tu iiiua.s, oaiinj. circumslan- ces, according to his best iudinnent. nor. formed his duty in regard to them, and, with the help of God, would continue to JC. r,1t,v Singing, "The Spirit of God like a fire is benediction by Sister Maria burning."Harrison. Afternoon session: ' Meeting opened by singing "How tinn a' foundation." Prayer by Brothel Robert Coleman. Singing, "O, it in. Ye 'mountains high." After benediction ye, to to Sister M. Sellers gave a report of Manas- separated go cur hotr.'.s. we had been tint sa waru. feeling greatl,a,iu uie sisiers were uuueu and y blessed hi our labots. tryiHtt to do all the f'ood they th.y v, iv. box, Pres., eould. T). K. Dudley, Sec. pro km. Sister Margaret Haskel gave a report of her visit to the conference of lie Relief She said she Society in Salt Pake City. ' do so,. R. S. REPORTS. had not felt more of the spirit of God in any FHizabeth Moody, of Thatcher, who had meeting than in. the Relief Society confer-ence- . ' SAN I. IT IS STAKK. "'" . returned "from a two years' One sister was moved upon to speak recently visit in Provo, was thankful to be at home Minule, ,f a Relief Society coiiference in , ..tongues, r.nd it was interpreted by m the Manassa Stake again mingling with the sisters-witwhom bouse,'May 12, another sister. Many- importont subjects she labored .so and long 99,She diligently. coiaracncing at'io'a. in., President Were talked upon: one was unity, another had attended the Relief in U'rneha Mortenseu Utah in Society the storing of grain. presidina. a ward also as capacity conference, Sister Mary P. Crowther presented the .feting opened "by singing, "Now let us did and not think were in advance of they Prayer, by: Brother Charles Cot-- " general and local officers of the Relief Soci- our in either, attendance society, eor the 0I1'. Si:1ng, "Do whai is right." ety, and they veri- unanimously sustained; of the sisters grain.in storing Kncouraged ster Cornelia Mortensen said we were also called the roll and read the minutes of their good work, and asked God to bless all. peuibled tg, .hold our Relief Society con- - last conference. by the choir. Prayer by Brothtece., raid she felt grateful to our Heaven- Sister Forthilda Funk gave a report of er Singing Peter H. McBride. , . ) rsther for this privilege. .Hoped we San ford ward. She sahi they were trying Afternoon session, 2 p. m. Singing.' l I'u rjave the spiritual fboef we so to linprov arid all were feeling well. -- uu Prayer by President William D. Johnson. ue:u. nhrr hv sUter Ada L. Malo'7 entitled Verbal reports of the wards were continued lister Mary Jensen .. a report of" Los "0, my Savior." gave rntos bnuich of Sifter Emily Dunn, of Hastdale, said in by Josephine Curtis, of Iulen; Dorothy the Relief Society. Said: am glad to meet the sisters irr confer--- f reporting their society .sue uesireu io- ue Nelson, of Bryce; Klizbeth Skinner, of Graham,, and Oliva Larson, of Mathews. and II el that we will be blessed while led by the Spirit of. God'.;. She. said she had There being no representation from Frank-..- , 'r.ihinr bttt oodMov of her sisters, and wv. J. i tliiUl. 1J lllil 1,. liu and St. David, they were reported by coa sequence-in the vard had her name en sister be will we jVevery fpllaii:. ft riglit. the Stake officers who had lately ch The sisters of Xos Cerritds are rolled. ol branclieswvas the renorfrd FlUlk was somewhat, our. Rehef UiUU'ti Orlnudo Society, w tms a being in order, and all .er:r"'eera-T"called" - III i. II t.' Iltl 'I If. ..in? seemed to a desire to assist irr. the .have wen ttminti v thnr the Bore his tr,'3 n,- -. W OWii.wwj J) inrtiierance oi tne caue.: venants We have some Mexican sis- - r Spirit of God had been w n us. He. spoke. Stak Coiinselor Arrf'Tin . duUes ol PhrfiQj coI,l LlVi tiiv and-th- ey - f at length pneannness,habits,and intera take great 13 tha .. ... r she if be could led woufd, bv the strrit of .. i; we should observe clean- - juotners ia.;ur. a few had to she the minutes said God, speak teachers.,; aeh it in the Relief Society do Sister Melvina Ilutchius. .r1:"! f - : ' e i ' i I I ' . mc-mb- m ' ' ' - -- in-thei- r . ' ! ; ' ' j " I a - I 1 r V t ' Sr!eil,e - t . . V- ' I ' vjiteiL--llFmJ."Ta- . " Pt-ntTi- : .... rtattuig. l 1 1 1 ..: lol-peak-i- n . 1 1 . . . , 'd, V . J . 