WOMAN'S KXPONKN1. 117 .'' hand to advance this great forward , ., '' ' V "': uio'vtinent. lor the. gradual disarmamelll'llriiatic.ns ol the world, believing that all . difficulties which International takes Council, between' civilied people may be settled j;,Councils in all' the countries jn all' National judicially by a high court of nation with, its is "hold to sesworld ol'thc quinquennial out the sacrifice of life . in London. lead" There the sion next June Resolved. That tin of the National Council j'p,T representatives omen df the United States send a com, will assemble' to read papers, discuss- subjects muuicatiou - u, president -.- NlcKinley," re-and form ulate plans for the gen eral welfare ol him to use hisiufluenee in en- uerma among all' nations upon the globe. questing t eayoring to put a stop to bull fights in' heads of crowned emand kingdoms ""Many on Cuba, account of their extreme cruelty pires' s!re becoming interested in this Council and the demoralizing effect uion those who of nations, and will send representatives .witness them. 'duly commissioned as fraternal delegates, Resolved, That in view of the wholesale where National Councils have not yet been To enlarge upon the facts here destruction and threatened extinction of affiliated. .whole species of beautiful ,and useful set forth one might multiply pages illimitable, song birds for consemillinery alive to the the .and if are of women purposes, but awakening the times mentally and spiritually, they will liu uuiKl multiplication ot insect pests, menace 10 uie agricultural in- seek information and inspirationipon this terests of our country and the world, and great upheaval of the higher activities ol the m view o(the manifest inadequacy of mor- age! al suasion to prevent the wearing of birds The meetings of the Council this winter ana parts oi birds on women's bonnets, we and the business transacted have been of exthe passage of a United States law ceptional imprest to the writer and for lack urge of space even now we can only present the prohibiting the sale by "hunters or millinefs of any bird plumage obtained by the de lollowin: struction, torture.or injury of birds. TIIK RESOLUTIONS RIU'OKTKD. Whereas the National Council of WomenWhereas the National Council of Women of the United States stands for the highest cannot afford to lose from its Kxecutive ideals of domestic and civic virtue, as well Board a woman who has had the experience as for the observance of law in all its de- of directing its policy as President; therefpartments.both state and national, therefore ore be it Resolved, That no person should be al- lowed to hold a place in any law making Resolved, That a President of the National Council, upon retiring from her office," body of the nation who is not a law abiding shall be made Honorary President of the Citizen." -Council, with all powers and privileges, inWhereas the National Council of Women cluding that of a vote upon the executive ot the united Mates is- composed, of many committee; further be it organizations having diverse aims and Resolved, Should this resolution varied activities; and mend itself to the judgment of the execuWhereas its own chief object is"the overtive committee, that the names of Mary throw of all forms'of ignorance and injustLowe Dickinson and May Wright ice" by the application of the Golden Rule the two living Presidents of the CovSil, to society, custom and law; and be immediately placed upon the official Wrhereas this diversion iu its constituency staffed that the constitution be so amended and increasing number of its allied societies as to include past Presidents as Honorary. tends more and more (under the present Presidents within its limits; be it also form of procedure) toward the presentation Resolved, That no one except the Presi- of resolutions and petitions too. special-ieetuoi tue Council" shall have either the character to be fully endorsed, and too great title or the privilege of an Honorary Presi- in number to be properly discussed by the dent; Council as a whole; therefore Resolved, We believe the state should Resolved, That this committee on give to all children in schools under its conrecommends that at succeeding sestrol industrial and as well sions of the National Council ot Women of physical as ment.d education. the United States no resolution or petition Resolved, That the National Council of be presented except such as bear upon the ' Vomeii requests the government of the subjects, policy or work of the Council itUnited" States how it may most largely self, in. its internal administration or in its avail itself of the services of women in the' relation as a body to other organizations, regulation 'of such matters pertaining to the or to some specific recommendation of the army and navy as the proper preparation of Council in national or international enterfood, sanitation, nursing, medical attendance, prises or meetings. t - . - have been present at Mime of your meetings and find that the women of this country are working for the advancement of the human race, more especially' for the I hope and pray that the same privileges mav be granted to the Hawaiian women, and I - - r the National Council of Women whose noble souls prompted them to be present at these meetings, that they will all the aid in their ixmer to for- K ward the fulfillment my petition-- ' f . Hannah Kaahim. . EDITORIAL NOTKS. new book called "The Primary Help- er" hasten completed under the direction of the General Boardofthe Primary Assoei- ation, and is now for sale. It is intended fcr the use of the children in their exercises in the association, and for a help when cet- It contains both tiqg up entertainments. prose and poetry, most of the .articles are original and written' especially for the children of Zidn. Great cue has been taken tu nave nothing objectionable contained in any of the pieces, and the associations and Latter-daSaints generally should procure copies for the use of the children and those wno labor among and with them. The l00 published by George O.Cannon & Sous Co.. .price per copy. i5cts. A book on Bookkteping by John W. Whinyates of this city has been handed to us, and we take pleasure in giving it a brief notice m our columns, as it seems to reeuiuiiituu iLtn iu me Miiueiii ut oeing ciear in method, and easy iu compiehension of the subject dealt with. It contains sped- mens of the books used in single and double In this age of hurry any practical entry. theory that will facilitate work, is certainly a blessimr. and it seems this little book-will be very helpful to those who transact business,much,or little, as the case. 'may be. Women who are puzzled in keeping their accounts and who cannot afford to take lessons will be able to learn all that is reoui-- site without a teacher, from this small lxxk of 62 pages, price 1.00 We have received from the Deseret Sunday School Union the pamphlet of the ."Proceedings of the' First Sunday School Convention, of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints," containing the entire report as taken in short hand. It is exceedingly interesting and will be a great benefit ..to. the organization,both for the present and the future, and the address of President George Q. "Cannon, Generai A us . - y - reso-lutio- ns -- . etc. ' Believing that the two strongest unifying forces of organized lit effort are human brother-poo- d and Divine - Fatherhood, and rejoicing IMP. r r, .. -- . " z m the manifold fs women, activities of American represented by the National Council oi Women; therefore, Resolved, That this universal faith in the wine Fatherhood should be expressed, by either vocal or silent praver at the opening all sessions of the Council. Resolved, That we protest against the canteen system iu our army and navy. Received, That we denrecate war. and are called by .the Czar of Russia y - Superintendent, and cf First Ass't. Superintendent Klder George Goddard, will be J SKETCH OF HAWAIIAN WOMKN. priceless in value to the Sunday School Union, as also those of other speakers. The President and Ladies of the National Coun- convention was in every sense of the word-- a ''' cil: The teaching contained perfect success, I have come on behalf of my people, the in the book will be invaluable to teachers, Hawaiian women, that they may be allowed and in the form it is issued convenient for Price, iocts., published by the the same privileges as the women of America. reference. Deseret Sunday School Union, 408, ind'409 Here I wish to say in the early days of Hawaii the Hawaiian race were ignorant, Templeton Building, Salt Lake City, Utah. and like all other nationalities where civilization had not reached, were savages. But R. S. REPORTS. when the word of Godwas brought to us iu the year 1820. the Hawaiian race accepted BURLINGTON, WYOMING. it and" today they are equal in education, Our society was organized December 5 intelligence and capability to the people of of nations other all 1896,. by Bishop Wmu Packard and the United States and withSister Abbe Neves president the globe. -- V in heartv conference - , coun-sejof- s, ' 