r-- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Cache, After giving a uiost' graphic description the state of the country and its women t flowing, the victory of the . English, if ot'ch a victory should be gained, she says: "You say all 'the fighting men in arms City of-'Ro.- -- . shot. Yes, .but what of the women? If tlrere were left but five thousand women, and rrq;nant South African born ail 'the rest of their people were destroyed, a race these women would breed up again, like unto the first. 'Nearer home, we turn to one whom all are proud of, and we would South Africa c. i i i oiu ureal Paul mvi, to Kruger, my of South Africa's great rulers, last not but could fight for you have shown us you freedom; show us you can win peace.' "On the foot of that great statue which in the future the men and women of South Africa will raise to you, let this stand 'This man loved freedom and fought 'could fork, but his heart was large; he generously.' On Rrget injuries and deal let us emblazon bur great African flag these words, never to take them down: Freedom, Justice, Love, great are the two not first, but without the last they are . 5 . . '" These three great events mentioned are and it significant of tumults and calamities, would indeed seem that the elements of civilization are stirred to the very centre. One could enumerate dozens, yes scores of other subjects of serious importance; but there is no needrf particularizing further to show that the scripture, II. Timothy, is being fulfilled, "thatin the last days perilous times shall come." The latest news from Dreyfus is ot his from pardon being secured, his departure France to 'sours place unknown, (disputing of the retreat to Folkestone) and the failure as his health under the mental as weir 1 he physical strain he has. undergone. state: Lap-taidispatches of September 20, Alfred Dreyfus at 3 o'clock this morn- and proceeded to ing left the prison bound for Yern, where he took a train Mine. Dreyfus left Rennes at Nantes." and accompanied by. her father noon, 3- -i, n - the Relief . Society resides lree of spective locality where she do otherwise becharge, unless permitted to A, suitable room cause of circumstances. in-- , will be furnished for the lectures and Roberts tenders struction. T)r. Margaret lor her services free to the Relief Society, the benefit of that organization, and that the sick, who have not faith to be healed ...... . An,iH.fl with care and skill, and that not by the hand of an 'enemy, 'accoic uu: it.v..-daing to the word 01 tne. l.ort For further particulars apply Saints. to Dr. Margaret u. Kooeris, Street, wSalt Lake City. -- nidit le com-plete- friends." 1.-- y o V W -- -- - y " ' -- head-quarte- rs d y ' Yice-Regen- t, g frica .1 port Latest, news from South that Prest.Kruger or the Transvaal governLurop-eament has appealed to at least three in the Anglo-Boe- r powers for mediation 0iree powers dispute, and that the Conwere represented at the Hague Peace Here is a good opportuni y for ference. of arbitrapractical work in the direction, will no. be tion; Lit us hope the appeal -- n' O. Roberts expects to X."mWf - nt con-Su- Gen. Sec. rLK suggestion has been made that Morgan, Tooele, Davis, Weber, Box Elder, - K. B. Wklls, . " class for a Corps of Nurses n this- year. . It is ardently the auspices of the Relief, in vain. hoped that under near, Stakes of Sotiety it. the several young um Salt Lake County, suitaDieselected Who have EDITORIAL NOTES, die aRed women may be of the ability and aptitude f th.s employ-memeeting business annual The regular will after taking a course of physiology e the National Woman's Relief Society The term v. M Hall in nursing. Assembly Lake general Salt be held in the months with three lessons a seven 1899. for October 2, this city, on Monday, members of week Each student must be supplied with and officers All m. o'clock p. not to be pres- - text fio6fa. note books and pencls, cos invited cordially are the society ent; f which sailed from Glasgow on the 26th of August, ult., had on !')oard., rt'turninir home, some of the ladies who went to London to attend the International Council, and others who had been over visiting in Knglaud, France and Scotland, others collecting genealogy, and also missionaries, one lady, at least, and several brethren. Among the lady passengers were Mrs. Elizabeth Claridge McCune, Mrs. Priscilla P. Jennings ana miss i,ucue Jennings, of this city; Mrs. Jesse Knight, of Provo, and Mrs. Lettie Dewey Campbell, AH these sisters return in of Dewevville. good health and spirits, notwithstanding t'hf thrilling incident of an iceberg striking - - R. S. REPORTS. alarm much among the steamer andcreating DKN.VKK, COLORADO. the passengers, in fact, giving them all a One young man from good shaking up. Editor Woman s Exponent: New York, a clergyman who had been of went The members of the Relief Society traveling in England for his health, too great Denver wish me to write you, to let you. violently insane, the shock bering for him in his weak state.. This brings know how we are getting along. Our Relief Society ha only a small back to Utah all the ladies who attended exto do our the International Council and Congress, membership; but we. endeavor vv o rw.ct ran. with our hmilea labor as mission ,1 cept those who remain to means. During the past summer we have aries. for some ot the poor 111 in assisted caring Thk Utah Society of the Daughters of this city and we have furnished a room 011 the Revolution, met as a sort of sociable in "The Haven, " which is a home complete at the Saturdav, September 16, at 3 p. m., and industrial training school for young M. Sears, East come from all parts of the residence of Mrs. Isabel They girls decor-ate- d and others might The house was prettily Waterloo. State; some are orphans, te I ns place-laavailable with flowers in every better be, and some are half orphan... a bedroses, bright, beautiful nasturtiums room is occupied by two girls as iron Several letters "from and astors. room. It is furnished with a nice wash-stanwere read, the correspondence bedstead and bedding, also chairs, necessary which has accumulated during the absence glass, rug.s and all things was the time have the we of and of the Regent; the remainder for a "girl's bedroom; YV there for E. B. ells) occupied by theRegent (Mrs. to London privilege of placing our literaturewe have a to read, and on the door eivin- - an account of her trip them tendered to Church on and Paris, and the receptions nice plate with the name of our "Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-dathe International council, it: 111 St. ' . visit to Windsor Castle and tea Saints." of sisters here, it "five o'clock tea band The a Hall have good We George's was a pleasant delicacies They, leel like delicious manv are few in number. with they The table was pressing on in the good work, and we enaffair. part of the social and each and have articles from the beautiful with floral decorations, Exponknt joy of ribbon the colors it read in our meetings. guest was given a knot were expressed at '"Ever for the health of the Regrets praying of the society. wewho editor of the Exponent, Sister Wells, the absence of the First . was expected to add something descriptive remain, absence the also ot .and cause truth, in the Yours of her trip to London; whose approach-inFrcs. Eva Halky, of the Recording Secretary, for Sec. her no beMary E. Woou.ky, Cor. marriage was the apology will be held next meeting ing present. The Sf . JOHNS STAKE, KANSAS. on Monday, m the Templeton, room 20S, All members are October 16. at. 3 P. Our society was organized July 8, 1S99, course a that Elder Win. Jack, geuUy requested to attend, by our mission president, winter. the for members en- of study may be begun and we now' have seventeen Thk . . . me-presiJenco- 1 audit theieafter. "7 : 5l" charge, in . consideration v Summit and AYasatch Counties be given-fiiicu- L each siter be solicited, to furnish students for Dr. of this free course of study, for a certain length oi Roberts' training class. She would Tike to taking it will agree time to nurse under the direction, ot have one hundred or more. in the re- Jiiattcr who gcads England on, or V .,'hi'S'J cause she undertakes war against is I, Africans, she thecan'author'in?"of theThis book; rVr.tbtwn used by Vshe goesm to make a mot thrilling .rW-ha- t it - Sl frpmirv. twenty dollars. from We have given one ice cream social, gve do)hrs and sevety wbiclt we c Uv0 quilts, and ' c cenis mfOTts....I three; also made three iwed carpet rags. We have held twenty-- , five -- working and testimony meetings. cf each Those" held on the first Thursday month are devoted to testimonyofbearing. our. urst Following are the minutes regular monthly meeting:See iety hel d ,,, the Saint John's Relief ' nu;, rr r Thiirdnv, Til.. AUCUSt. 3, IbQ9, w v presiucu Lucy lireKennugc. P metting was opened by singing the The will. of instruction a. . I T r 