EXPONENT WOM AN S 122 - It. beaked .how this labor .will com, of may The Bet that" already in direct competition. ..come .. t 4i... im: jwv.t capitansts are always will be;.r firA,i.f,tiM YnY-.rmhthM - - -y y VUtl W sufficient reason for the removal to the Philippines of numerous factories, should they be 'annexed, and taking advantage of the low priced labor send their products m . hen- - in romtjclmou lree ol all cnuv. the nature of policy, have we the right to peimit this cour.se? This same policy conserved the market to the producer;, jie has spent his time and energies in the production of capital, and the acquisition of wealth; he has been lifted to the plane of opulence and labor as a market h is eon-- tributed the means. Now a new era dawns, and the policy that has directly benefited the capitalist and indirectly the laborer should be made to react and directly benefit the laborer. This can only be accomplished by conserving, the reactionary forces within the group or nation, and' the benefits can only be retarded by the introduction of deteriorating forces, sucfi as the Philippines, which cannot be doubted when we recognize economic and moral status of the islands. The social plane must be the lowest when their only wants consist of shelter, food and clothing to partially cover their nakedness, "and perhaps ornamental' Since decorations for their naked bodies. their social wants are so meagre and simple, their industries cannot be complex, and therefore we find them almost wholly in the stage of hand labor. Their moral status is unmistakable when we recall the prevailing custom of cannibalism in many of the islands. No matter ho w temptingly the feast may bcj)repared, 'although in the preparation the body is stuffed with sweet potatoes, breadfruit and bananas laid on taro leaves, we can scarcely divest ourselves of the horror of the thought of human sacrifice for such a purpose. Itelieve in absorption as we may, assuredly we prefer that accomplished by social affiliation to that of physical assimilation But joking aside, what horrors may be depicted, iii the subjugation of this race of barbarians and cannibals in comparison to which the Indian massacres in the North Added to this west were child's play. would be the inevitable increased taxation g M.-eKi- .' A A WVA V4 W V vx our-chasc- .- 1.-.- 1 V reject ; - - - n '. . the-social- . ! and navy adequate to cope with the difficulties of the situation. And all to what ' end ? A people in the stage of hand labor cannot, furnish a market for a machine using country, and the only advantage would accrue to the capitalist individually, to the great disadvantage of the Wage earner of America. True the; introduction of factories might benefit the Filipinos.-Texas' annual cotton crop is between three and four million bales, yet the great state boasts of only four insignificant cotton mills, and our South awaits thej further coming of the factories, the only solution to the distressing- - problem that lies, in our midst, and in addition we novf have Hawaii and Porto Rico and the responsibility: of tuoa. How dare 'we pass them over and direct our interest and capital to sn'remote a peo1 ple as theFilipinos? What duty, in the name of humauity, do we owe to the Filipinos, tliat we may with impunity deny to bur own south, our new territories and the immigrants in our cities and towns ?:. With; the outnorth-west.o- ur - TM.r. 1 i in these- :yV. 1 1 wt C t ' In1 tA-n- era n-- v i. needed thm and we iiet-- thein iiu;.Cj is necessary to the development ofcxttnsiy! It is now in good W(;rLiiV0,fc enterprise. der, and it should not be allowed to nay; into a foreign land. It should be used to fulfill the4 prom ie of .'our protective d icy, and b, forced to rWt .t.-.....upon ,bur labor ersJ Wc want more industries; we want great, er and better facilities for education; wt want ourcuuiHi put m a )ciiccuy sanitary want to stamp out the swtst condition;-wshops; we want to add dignity to labor; vt' want the race problem solved. The business of this era is not the acquis, tion of new territory, it is to lift the nias out of the degradation of poverty, and when this is accomplished, with the aiice we have on hand, it well be ti" enougii to lay noia m auctiier hemisphere. other neonle touiCin. , I o make it quite cit ar, iurv of our own ? it luivhl n re oeated. that to give the of. capitalist opportunity to take advantage remote low priced labor, to bring it without native impediment in competition with oUr a crime tin pardonable preseuL labor,-iand repudistage of American, civilization ation of protective principle. It folly of sentimentality that claims the Filipiuocs can be affiliated; there can be. no affiliation with Poles, Bohemians and Italians who come to our. great centres; here they colonize for'that very reason, and by perpetuating old world customs, become a menace. to our. social and moral life and a check to our industrial development, and with tlndr old world ideas and government become dangerous to the permanence CORNKI.IA S. RoiII.NS(A'. of existing institutions.- Witness the growth Read before the Woman's Council at of socialism which has made possible the election of three socialist mayors, one of Washington. . them the mayor of Boston. Italians-and Bohemians If the Poles,-IN MIvMORIAM. with whom we brush elbows, cannot be affiliated, how much less will t be possible JIOSSACK MCGKIG0k. ANN of an alien race iso- to affiliate ten millions . .. n um Iated in anotner iiemispnere .' uiut'Til Ann II. McGregor died at her home in is not true, why should our altruism halt Salt Lake City. February 4, 189. after a into reach not at the Philippines? Why long and painful illness due to cancer. .Asia and Turkey ? Will not the flag carry She was born February 7, 1822, at Hathe civilization- - to them1 also? Upon lftone, Stirlingshire', Scotland, was bapticd to the annex lead us that would . into the Church principle of Jesus Christ of Latter-da4 to we what have deny. right, Philippines, She left her Saints, 6ctober S, .iS42." the advantage to those benighted countries? native land and came to this country in exoiir do what Upon principles, indeed, 1S40, residing in St. Louis, Mo., six months, at. line the the draw Philippines? then pansionists Bluffs. la.,' until iS2. "She Let us not make the fatal mistake of prostraveled across the plains in Capt. Wood's of our the flag by claiming company, arriving in Salt Lake City, Sepurity tituting for it that which it does not do. ptember, 1852. It cannot carry trade to the Philippines; She was the wife of William McGregor, it would appear that the Filipinos must now deceased. She was the .mother of learn to wear shirts before there can l;e a ten children, and leaves forty one grandemand for our factory made goods. , No, dchildren and fourteen great grandchildren. our flag does not carry trade, but follows it; Sister McGregor has endeared herself to and what trade shall we acquire there that all by her solicitude for others, and by the we have not already possessed at vastly less heroic fortitude with which she' .has borne cost than the maintenance of the islands as' her greap suffering. In the Second ward bhe a territory ? Can the flag give them greathas come to be familiarly known as the. er liberty than they now enjoy ? "Mother of the Ward," haying been a Why, can even eat each and they other, by way prominent officer and an enthusiastic workor variety, an occasional trader or missioner Relief Society and other benevoary, without impairing their digestion. Relent organizations from the time of their ligious liberty they certain!' possess, when establishment, and every office she has held the range is from Catholicism to the most she has filled it with honor. She died firm revolting forms of fetish worship; that these in the Gospel, with the hope of a glorious extremes exist, that the" gradations in reresurrection. ligious sentiment do not exist, is abundant Funeral services were held on her birthproof that they cannot even affiliate1" with day, February 7, 1899, at 12 m., in the 2nd themselves. It will take the evolution of ward assembly hall. hundreds of years to bring ten millions of Hannah Olskn, Sec. ten cent "a day laborers to the point of desiring freedom. Need we pause to analyze Miss Anthony will sail for England June their moral status ? We 'can'; scarcely. exof inquennial meeting be" pect a moral status within a people who 2, to attend the the Woman's International Council to have not yet learned to wear clothes. PerRev. Anna H. Shaw, haps this is an error and these islands are a held in London. new Garden of Eden, where the traditional Miss Lucy E. Anthony, Miss Howland the apple has not yet been plucked: "aparadise and other friends are planning- to go by of It will be a merry party irom which state "in our perhaps mistaken same steamer. : idea of progress we are ever suffragists. further moving away,- - But seriously,"-shal- l "r.'hstl'Eel Mrs., Elizabeth Stanton calls atten flag in a land that can bring us nothing in tion to the fact Cady .that in several European products that we do not already or may countries are allowed taxpaying women' ' ' produce ? Shall we hoist the flag over an by proxy. She says: 'Only the other alien people that capitalists may use them day I was talking with a man from Sweden to undersell our home labor We will who told me that at the last election in his hoist our flag as an incentive, to hope and as district he had cast fifteen votes, one for a promise that they shall be sustained on himself and the rest for his mother, wife. to which they may rise by every plane anda.unts, all of whom were property hold" their own efforts. ' ers. iiur milv - w- I - LriiVhf p-- is-th- l in-th- s e e . su-rabu- - , . , .... ! - ( . y in-Couii- . . in-th- . " - to-vo- -- : ' te , 