WOMAN'S EXPONENT. s4 it was possible for him to do so, and his in- struct ions were ever :timely and inspira- -- Woman's Exponent. K.MWiUMC it. it '!.:!,! Vr rn-- : I'ii' . N iiy 1 - t r if'il.if f.ir i t Mrt-ef- (1 1: : iv, ' VMre , ... : ; m y i;;e - '.' ir. l'.ih, .Vy, t.r.v !.) ; it.th. rlv-r- , . ft. 5 , V"rk- - ' tiunar. Hilt the faithful servants and hand maidens of God who helped lay .the foundation of the Church here .upon the earth in this dispensation, one alter another are passing away, gathering home: "They- are gather;: homeward fn:n cvvry land ' ( i:c by tK', 22 Apostle I uitey V. Pratt Previous to sailing irom lTA im,,(,u u iched r Richards that his wife had bnnie'a son that tiie babe had only lived one :..!. They reached Liverpool October i i, there P.lder Kieliards tilled several vers jv. ,,;, sponsible positions in the British labeling faithfully among the people a:: in the officevt Liverpool. February, 1S4S, he was "appoint iu As tlu-i- weary fevt ,tuv,,h the shining sand,. take charge of a latge company of" )r,e Lv r.jie.' .....v v ...1 in aVoMi'ti crown. r 'who were coming to the Rocky nwunta:iiS, il in l Tiicir arjncnt arc alLlai'l dvn. Pefore reaching home he heard of the d aih ivnIoh tHc mead, Andtlutlu-- in of his 'little daughter, Wealthy, who h.u! V!k:c the Larwi) ut i"l !"tll Ills v!jonc:i Tins little one Kit been born in Xauvoo. One by one. his wife lonely and His We. too. hall come to'ilu- river's side a member o; the brother, Joseph William, ( )ne !v one. had also died Mormon Battalion, We are nearer it waters each eventide during his . one. mission. bv (Jiii' absence upon, this We ean lienr the noi-- e ar.d dash o! t;ie stream. Klder Richards and family rendu d Salt Xow and aain thro' ov.r life's 1eep dream: Lake vailey October ly, 1848, enduring SoiUvtime the i!hm!s ali the banks overflow; Soir.etiiiies in ripj.'Ies and small waves j;o, Sier many hardships 011 the journey. ( ):;e bv one. sick the entire way, Richards was very much of the time it seemed as though .he feM,. Redeemer, we l?..k unto Thee. ne bv one . not live to reach her destination. could ' We lift up oar voices 'triumphantly, On the 12th of February, 1S49, V.UIli ;:e y one. Richards, was ordained an AostI.e in the Tlie naves of the river are dark and cold. Ouoriini of the Twelve. In October oi the We know not the plat e where our feet" may h' ld; '1 hou, who didst' pass through in dee;. midnight. .same year lie was called to go on anotlier Strengthen us, send us the stall and mission to Iingland with Apostles John (Jne bv one." going to rrauce. a::d laylor, v.no Franklin Dewey Richards, like many of Lorenzo and Frastus Snow,' to Scandinavia the leading men and women of the During, his mission in Great Britain a! this of the New Kng- - time-hfilled the office of president (vhile Church, comes land Puritan stock; he was born in Orson Piatt wenj to America'on business) n Richmond, Berkshire Co, Massachusetts, and edited the .ifiiloinial Star and His parents were Phinheas the establishment of the Perpetual April 2, 1821. and Wealthy Dewey Richards, tiou Fund. In 185-1- when Apostle Pratt was called They were Congregationalists,' and their children were trained up m piety, according home. Franklin I). Richards was installed to the Puritan- principles and customs of as president of the Furopean 'mission. Dur- trained. 'in . honestv. that day; industrv mr tne time ne .was presiainiJ lie n- ' . and sobriety, virtue, integrity uprightness, J and enlarged the I D. S. and to strictly observe the Sabbath day. published an edition of 25,000 cojits, A S3 boy Brother Richards was & diligent prepared tne pamphlet and attended School student, and Ihicc sterotyped the Hoak of Morju.-nSunday was early impressed with religious arranged' for '' ' the views," but .differed in his scriptirral ideas and Coi-- nan's, issiud. a new edition (A tlu from those of most people with whom he l'oa of 'a)inn hy P.. V. Pratt,' and was associated, and, therefore, declined a made the MijUnniol Star a weekly instead offer made to him to for the of a special study and performed periodical, . 11 . .... in a New ministry leading Ijhigland college: vanous- ouier iniporiaiu iaoors 111 connecThe Lord had something better for him, as tion with his brethren He in the mission. his after life has proven. Klders "Bggham returned from this mission in 1H52, arriviug and Joseph Young carried the Gospel to his in the 20. lie remained at valley native town in the summer of 1836, and home less thanAugust two years, participated in left the Hook of Xformon in the Richards various public affairs legislative, military,' family. civil and Icclesiastica.l and early in 1854 Klder Franklin D. Richards became "seroff again for another mission to Kurope, acquainted with the family of Isaac Snyder while preaching the Gospel as a mission, while on this mission, 1111855, he founded ary in Northern Indiana, and subsequently, 42 'Islington,' which place hr,s been the Dec. ,18, 1842, married, Miss Jane Snyder Saints', headquarters ever since. the youngest daughter of Brother and Sister In October, 1855, the Saxon Snyder, at Xauvoo, Illinois, whither the mission was established in original Dresden under family had previously gathered. the personal direction of President Richards. Klder Richards left Xauvoo in 1S43 with It was also within his province to direct the Brigham Young, president of the Twelve .branches ' in the East Indies, Africa, AusApostles, to preach the Gospel in the Atlantralia, Xew Zealand and other parts of the tic States, expecting, too, to sair for Europe-bu.world.".' Among other" literary labors perbefore sailing they heard of the dread' formed at this period, President Richards ful tragedy, the martyrdom of the Prophet published Sister Eliza ...R. Snow's first and Patriarch, and returned to Xauvoo volume of poems. Wder Richards traveled in 1845 Wirliarrlc mtnri-.of- l pnrtv Prflflpnt among e Saints itl tirbirro .. r , r . i i tl tions for the Nauvoo Tern nip u l in Wh public duties, building up Zion at home exodus came he committed his to family irom tbat time, until in 1866 he was again 'the .Greaf Creator's care, after fitting them appointed on a mission. He arrived in out with a team and wagon, and the few Liverpool, SeptemVjer ri, and began-- , visiting he could necessaries supply, and again' the Conferences ui Eurooe. includinsr Scan- j uu a mission to England. Klder F dinavia and other Conferences. continental ' u. Ruhards and his brother, 7.Samuel W. In Julvr i867r he was" again appointed i j , . j ini-,;- ', 'In s a'-.;t- wV r.i?vvt.n.' Soir'i !..;, : rttf jit nc oi, l. ik ...Jvirrti;' li. KxroNKS r v.w. . i' : r ;. f S.,k t , v ' : : tn,u;, rvtr.t f fjuut ) rVv, m! :ti ;..v ,!: i i'Uthtr. and Elt-- 1:1.1. accompanied j(this mission.. ;i i t. ?.,. j !j p 5 I m. inj!e" cvtry. viiiilay. MM 1 I l s 1 travcl-staino- wliitt-ear:r,c:;t.t!u-- K-a- .iM lu 1 M i .tnrrv.i.K.it t.) i:. l;. WI LLS. . heart-bioke- n. - S fof Kn'ert.t ,.l'tht i'eionA iiisi Sm L k i tn it!r Cu , I" V. iit . Laki. 1 - i. 15 a Mi-- 1 D1C N T - RA N K LI N -- . V, L' All. - . iu. i Cify, I f.ih, as Silt L.iit in 21, "x IN MEMOKIAM.1'KKSI Ci 1 K I C 1! A K I S . Hon. Franklin I). Richards, president of the Osoruiu. of the Tvvelve' Apistles, and Historian of the Church of Jesus Christ of this life just Latter-daSaints, departed, ' . . . 1..- - ,." alter- inuinigiu, Daiur ia , weceuiuei y, 1899. Alter. a lingering illness of some weeks, he succumbed to the, inevitable, and finally' fell into a peaceful slumber and in reality never tasted death. Not only does his family mourn for him, but all Israel mourns sincerely the loss of this great leader, one of the veterans of the Church, who has "borne the heat and burden of- the day" lo, these many years, who has labored unceasingly and unfalteringly for Zion. Put he has enteied into light and in has, no doubt, met with his the Ouoruni of the Apostles, who. had preceded him' and is with the martyred Prophet and Patriarch, Joseph and Hyrum Smith. The Saints. do iifit mourn, for him, but only .for the loss to those heie, who miss his ministrations and labors in the Church. We know his life, his labors, his integrity to the truth, entitle him to all the blessings and privileges of the celestial world he has passed from death into life; therefore, there is no need to ..mourn except for his doubt, he was weary presence here, and,-nwith, his multifarious labors and his many years of faithful ser vice. y - ,- - 1 - 1 4. ! . 1 - co-worke- rs tender; atfectiouite tuul sympathetic nature and a kindly disposition, lie was refined and sensitive in a marked degree, affable and courteous in manner, and singularly-giftein conversation. lie had a fund on a great diversity of subjects, and a wonderful flow of language, 'lie was an eloVjuent public speaker, always delighting his audience, and was greatly gifted in calling. upon the Lord in prayer. 'His labors have been so diversified, he has filled so many important places and accomplished so mueh real work as a missionary, a judge, a legislator, a presiding officer and leader in many capacities, that it .would be impossible in our little paper to do even scant justice to his but advocate and of friend as a tlieyniari!s- d life-wor- k; iTiseTequaliry oTTijTTtsancP wfitnan'sVub- lic work in the Church, the women of Zibji iiad.no more staunch supporter, The RelieK Spciety depended in a great "measure upon President Richards for advice and counsel. He always attended their conferences when 1 li-- ht s j j I j Lc-a- j Kmign-Richard- j . - - rf Jyu nv-.v.-- a , regu-larlyan- sten-typin- g t semi-monthl- -- y : - a . t . t r !P a ' . ' . ou. 4 I - . CJ s 