WOMAN'S OLD AGE7 Why is this true ? '.For the reason that the savage is in the stai of socbl order through which, all civiliz,L nations have passed at some period, t!:e stage of the motlicr-ruimore or less Modified by partial masculine domination. It is a well known fact of human hi, ory and prehiswy. lecoru mat tl:e .4lM itriaichate," or -- the faded blossoms of the srri iif. The the roses with regretful hand; TH'inc--r is a vanished tiling; p.wt, ami learn to understand of great calm the autumn rot. of human oys the latest and the j- -y KaIONHNT. I .lit. i.iiiie.i uiau ii'.. !,... a ke.iiui . .. 1 jkimhuu uv. nei.viup, but the things man owned and used, as . well as his freer way' tended from the first to make him not.only militant, but of-lif- e e, strongly individualistic in his nature. When uian also began to "settle down,1' how in early (fays whether from personal choice or from social t r ami the he. too, betran to learn and pressure, t when The i ' . . r wh i : 1.',. th oo wavs Tiri'fil..tll,D..-.' . devious , Mm. pa 4 Tiujaueiirtie-iiii1' tip! wit suie- ue intr inuusxriar'artsiicreioiunr c with jovs f mysteries untried ui laiuer.ruie. "All jh.c social fabrics of Ki'.lc lyiu.the hands of women; he legan to more half was than it delight. Ar. terr .uiu v.Tjrio are built around women. Th press his more tersbnal and itidividualiNtic tVadding life, and longings inlinite. nrst stable, society' was V mntbnr and claims of recognition and of property ownr how, in fa'fe'shut nH):ii i ulna. i H'3l ue reason jit why the primitive ' ing agai ist the family wealth of which the Arou:. my path the lavish roses .shed descent of name and prop, aiid the first' woman was the custodian. The Pueblo try, (;X'T and fragrance, and the air of June hxed stake of home was life, the expression Indians give us good examples today of IH.itixd rapture now those summer davs are. of tins maternal relations-hiis obvious. the transition period from the mother-rulthe when Motherhood ef was demonstrated by nature to the father-rule'- . s'.tet lay Tuvs burning says of ,them: Lthi"A ai t very turn of. life's enchanted wav. before fatherhood was "The is known. woman definitely complete ,owner of the Inheritance of name "in" the female house the summer's line all ami by are was it 'low. li'er. ' T!:e 1:j!.'contains, except man's j alone jjossiblc; and that as well as the fem knowing that lor me Ar.'l rt personal trinkets; and if a husband e and the roses bloom no more. male holding and trau.smis.son of wt his wife, she can permanently eject property, is gone from field and tree; Ti:et.:: itr screen was a ............. .i him from the home, and will le sustained, family or tribe or clan relationship, .:i sjuayssuuiu eiear against me inue, i,rt...vn, women always holding rule and wealth not in the act. She do.es the housework only. the truthful sunlight M And leav.s "all u so much as individuals as custodians of He owns Ihe fielus from which their suscommunal lile and ix)ssessbns. Not only tenance is drawn; but she has an 'equal for rao tl: h oded herbs of autumn :rrow, was the mother with. the child the first. voice with him in the disposition of the mnied and soIkt; mint and sage, founder of human society, but the woman crops after they are housed." d and balm such . plants as hea lers in savage life was As man more and more assumed the inventor and And the decline of life's long pilgrimage of all life sustaining industries. burden of the world's industries outside the originator i sweet with marjoram and thyme., The archaeologists prove to us that "the .home (which before had been woman's Bright vi:h p".:re evening dew, not seqK'nts' flitter- division of labor began with the invention care alone), and as woman became more in of Women stayed by the fire to and more absorbed in purely domestic con- Ar.d ruui ray path the aromatic .a ir keen u n tve ?ri..if i,s ft,.. n.."rn"f cernsTluan iiidl vidualishi assuined'greal er :a!th and perfume, and the.. turf' or the forest for game. The world's indus and greater power within the family life,, trialism and and militarism began then and he gradually acquired the despotic viar; feet, and smooth and fair With little thornless blossoms that abound there." Man learned to be a fighter a family headship which marked the.ancient In safe, dry places, where the mountain side slayer of animals and of his fellow men, patriarchal order of Rome. . This was not a Lies to the setting sun, and no ill ean hide. later an inventor of machinery, a ruler and social descent, but an immense social uplift', What is there to regret? a priest. in the age in which it was natural. Prof. "Woman became the burden-beareWhy should I mourn To ave the forest and the marsh behind, basket-makeMason and the with the weaver, the says, profound truth, Or towards the rank, low meadows sadly turn? in the all is an effort to sedomestieator- of animals, the "Matrimony potter, ages Since. hero another loveliness I find, Safer and n : less beautiful and blest agriculturist', in a word, the inventor of all cure to the child the authenticity of the With glimpses, faint and far, of the the peaceful arts of life." We are indebted father." It was necessary for social growth Kcst. .;kr to women for "the oven, the chimney that offspring should have two parents inAnd so I drop the roses from the stead of one; that the division of labor corner, the kitchen, the dining-roomy hand. And let the should be more equal, and man le fastened s heal, and take my wav family 'room and the separate bed chamacross a lair ana peace! ul land uo.ui ber," in the later periods of industrial and to domestic needs by bonds he could not Lapt in'the goldenfalm of dying day domestic order; and these all indicate by. a break, and through labors that were peace-ful.a- s .Glad that tV nightis near, and glad to know well as arduous; For that process laa: rougii or smooth the way, have not far to symbol the place woman has held in the go. Many savage his individualism developed- through ages development of social life. peoples are today, as Stanley shows us in of free .wandering and purely militant life, his book on Africa, in this period of the must be not only tamed somewhat, but OUR "when, all the. industrial arts of harnessed to the home life. To accomplish jjuiy- lO THE WOMEN OF OUR mother-rule- , 1NW POSSESSIONS. peace are solely or almost exclusively in that mighty social uplift by which offspring BY Pi: v. ANNA the hands of women; and where the mother secured two parents instead of one, woGARLIN SPENCER." man's subjection to man was paid as the. and the thild taking name and inheritance Read a national outrage Convention at from the mother, only, are the only ele price of the higher form of family unity. Grand Ra dsj was her subjection to man in the ruder Nor ments of social stability; and in which the AVe owe an evil to herself. It sympathy and friendliness to all communal family wealth outside of imple ages wholly said cea and women has been that "woman was first the everywhere. Especially ments of war and personal trinkets, is wife of the wife of many and second owG these to the men and women any, chiefly if not wholly, under- - the command with whom Kach of these we, come into new relations of women as custodians of the family third one of many wives." " by. the events of the past year. There is, possessions. We are not sure, but it seems steps was rin advance m her sexual relaAll were stepping-stonetp the Qoever, a peculiar debt America owes to likely that some of the tribes, upon whom tionship. ?e our government is now inymg woiem monogamic union whichjs the standard of ?aeri f our new possessions and our civilization, and the realized ideal of all relationships, and through them to hands, are still in the matriarchate. our best and wisest men and women. Now tataily Hfe, the social order and the The second great order of family and in the ages of unbridled lust and strife it political organizations of those tribal relationship was the "Patriarchate, ' ' took all the power of man's individualistic ntnes coming for the first time into vital This came gradually in the or father-rule- . connection with our rivJiiWiW When man ownership, his pride of possession and. of natural progress. course m,Hid virnii,iiuu, fierce resentment of another's intrusion upJ. ueut is, rrrst. the obligation to study and woman set forth together in the mornthe on his rights, to protect the husband's PlCSeiU i"n COndltinn tlif nf ii LUC Trmman , I VlliV.il 111 V " ing: of time to subjugate and possess 'the claim over one woman, that which could ldU"- m tne aar SeCOlI':1' light of social evolution; world, he began early to rigrit ana to out- - alone make the "father's authenticity" t0 adopt such measures of wit, she to conserve ana. eiaooraie iue eo4 And in that safety of her slavery perfect. . the; became .He and such alone, as will cf d fruits victory.' to one lay the protection of the wife and n and wanderer, as for ages he was mother from the degradation and CivlllzinS powers of womanhood outrage of to the family life. aA WOrk amon& these peoples..-brv!!- ' all at bound closely not Prtf other men 's violence. ' :lsT' Mason, the author of that She, being bound, "settled down," and To be continued. J Want.book, Woman's Share in Prite. her all the fixed institutions of us that Mthe l011ger society- - He became the "dispersive ele- l?-The WomQtCs Journal, of May 27 will she the unliving eiemeni m buciciy.ment; n Mrs. Ho iv e ' s Set h hi r t hda t thi bl i sh b nitiadeherDOSscisi tWajJpt-sayagenand will be a Julia Ward Howe number. cluefly through their: women." have seen, a trusteeship for the common- : : wihl-lhnve- : f.ir-t-s- ' t -- . jH.it 1 rc:-'ui- lK i -- j p In. I e .'x-qK-- - 1 ill-trea- i .. . . ts . . t e -- , the-firs- fire-makin- . t g. Thiir--tnT-- v' lx.-as- t r, r, . - lonvr-wishe- d- . m thorn-prick- ' 1 ' - - . Qo-w- l . s ter-jtoi- al d&-el0Pi- ng, " . I - r:t. ex-nlor- cou-alrea- er . . drew-aroun- s d - ed-o- 1 