WOMAN'S KXPOXF XT, 75 SPEECH OF MISS ANTHONY. and we havc.asGenci.d Grant Til.. TVI .11 I Ttlf. VI'lT oihv said "a vest. . II.. ur, blt InmkV :W have" to cdm foi in, and i;r.;Nv II.iU., LONDON, J TLY 2j, ting his thumbs in his arm cate .i'piarVr of a million of nun every holes, asked, "What will the lady have?" year into the principle., ot .our American ' ( Jtms an.t : 7, v;,'.y -- Ihe jjdea never entered that" man's cran institutions. And I want to say to you, ium that A riftit's oj (inwt If At in o;. a woman could iTse in her scat, and my gofd litem's, lh.it ni every one the addre.-'- s the chair just like a man And I intern. State, in the Union in which the said, "Mr. Piesitlent and gentlemen, I ; I inilit .be worthy of tthe honor J has. voted ben if onlv the would like to say a wonl on. the question question of being one r.ative horn men had !udupon, Mrs. l'hillipps gave the franchise, llr under discussion.' women hi every on., of them would have of th j who, moie than fifty vears ao, "Then," said Professor Davis, "what is in thi little town of Semca lads. had the ballot toda I am ixt that the pleasure'ol the bonventiou ?" sorry And lie New Voik, and made the declaration that YJhu our imUjinderstand Institutions have the' light to vote, for they looked down, to this lihle handful of men on the r'ght to vote is the uinler-lyinright; the front never casting a furtive the one which protects all other rights.' never would understand them if they hail glance to the thousand .women crowding hat I was not there. Lueactia Molt was not that right. 'M 'we must vait "with that h dl. One man moved that the lady there. and Martha C. White, wlfd.se daugh-t.patieiKL- the slow process of education. 'should be heard, and another seconded, and And we have, been very vim beside me, and Kli.abeth Cady in our patient: the" discussed the question for half an hour. signers of the call lor that Hrst halt century of agitation and education we Suato.i At UmK by a verv small majority, it wsrs Convention. 1 hear all these women and m onr decided Itfat u.e named onriri m i r the lady should be heard, and" ... ..." ... .una, women nave men abo, asking "Why is it that when "esiees 1;i,n(,. say, "Mi.. President and this"hrt proclamation for t!ie lullot was o.uuivip.u sunrage m one Mate, a vote on gentlemen, I have listened to your discusthe United States more than halt :;:u:e-i:ma'tcrs oi taxation in several others; and sion with a great deal of interest, "but it turv y,!;()f oiner conntries are getting scho Mirhage, to a greater or less extent, seems to me that none of you quite compreWell, I can aure on in twenty, three States. In over one half of hend the cause of the diri"siect of which the: d of us?" ere are mam iea.sn.. ii is not ironi auv the SlaU-- of n r .Union Women are voting you coiup.'ain. , Do'you not see that so .long In Louisiami, one of the old slave as lack of hard woik and persistent chord on today. society says that i woman hasn't brains the tart of tne nainlml 01 women wliojiave States, on the sixth day of this month, enough to be either a minister, a lawyer or .nUm'mI at the front vt this movement 1:1 our women 'taxpayers in the city of New Orleans a doctor, but has amnio brains to be a emmtry'; but the complications are very )r th- - nrst thue in history cast their b illots : teacher, that every man of you who teaches 'hose in your own country. Suppose o;i the ouestrnn of taxi?!:'-n tho ! i of th it school practically, acknowledges .that he that here in Kngland, after all your labors, city for the purpose of building sewers and hasn't any more brains than a woman ?" and after all your magnificent champions improving niitary conditions. The men and sat down. . tfTat Mill were so and Stuart considerate of the women Jacob Ihight, irunivjohn they As I passed out of the hall at the close of down to Mr. Ueirg had worked in your :, made' that constitutional provisojhat they the session I heard many a woman whisperParliament for years, had urged enactment arranged' for them U voir by proxy if they ing to another, "Who is that creature ?" ' were too mode.t to go to the ballot b x. of a law, and succeeded in getting it through "Where did she come from ?" "I was When some of the omen attempted to get never so ashamed hi the House of Lords, that the question' then my life, I wished the u proxy they learned' that by" the law of h :d to be voted on by every elector in the fit Mr had opened and swallowed me up !" a on factories 'marHcd a and woman's name the the districts rural Louisiana, .mines, They wer honest, they really believed of hugland, how much would you expect certificate would not stand, therefore they it was degrading to a woman to speak. were compelled to "go to the dial lot box. to get all at once ? And. that is tile difficulThe next morning Professor Davis in "The in we the with' last. have' us. .distance, groue .'' ty the convention to order, asvjned lie'.bre calling Our revolutionary Fathers proclaimed firtyyears is beyond compitation. his pompous position and said: "I have I I will sit tell one incident little cowu first made At equal political rights. they been asked why it is women are not put" of when condition the we men a to tew iljustrating things very only, practical 'application upon the committee.:, why they are not I had been a teacher in the State. start' d. and during the more than a hundred years invited to prepare report and so on." Aud the then he continued: tattle in our country, those great principles of New York for fifteen years-fro- m "Look at this magA Teachers' fifteen of State to have been gradually extended to one class thirty. age nificent hall, at the lKauty of the entablaIn the Leginnmg only CouventioiU j.yas held in my city of Roches- - j ture, the symmetry of the shaft and the alter another. ter. Over a thousand women had gathered Church members voted, then only rich men, of the pedestal. Could I be instrustrengih lnui--! and then only white. men, then only men; that in that convention perhaps tvo mental in dragging from its proud elevano woman's time to that dred men. Up is, we had an aristocracy of the Church;. then tion that beautiful etablature and rolling it , in of one these been heard voice had ever tii 10.VV.iH,C J VI rliiWU in .the dirt and dust that surround the WUllll, UiV rethe had men reported toeracy of 'white men, and last" we now have conventions; only pedestal? No, heaven for bid !" conit because was suit of their experience, an" aristocracy of men. We And he was. quite sincere, and reaUv betodav thd amplication of our funda- - sidered improper for women to .speak in y lieved that iffi woman stood in an audience iue:ital principle of political equality to the J public. Those men appointed a committee and spoke she would oe degraded to the ...... omer nail ot our. citizens. ue aie asking iu level of a man. Exactly so now. Men are clared that, teachers were not respected as afraid that if women ;or .nothin'ir now.i but simolv for the nrac- vote, if they hold ti il "TtiiVotJrMi rlortrinp th.it wrm were ministers,- lawyers and doctors. In office, if they sit in Congressional and declared bv Hancock iiud Adams and all discussing that resolution one man declared Parliamental halls, they will degrade themthe old revolutionists, who rebel led. against that the .profession of teacher was higher selves to the level of men of a doctor, of more use to the King George because he insisted on taxing" than that that higher them, without giving them the right of community f another, athird even of a lawyer, and THE CAGE. representation. We are insisting today that than that to the service more of was .it that affirmed the men of the United States shall no long to try When thoughts within his heart er continue to violate tneir principles to world to train- the young than itws Make, mcloily sublime, to reform them after they had been brought tax women and deny them representation. t!ier. by his art The said "And crooked a in yet." I way. sue. of rlo forty-fivud nto.a agc We have what you might call and doctors lawyers States, these men, "ministers,' Englands: that is. we have forty-fivAnd. there, the eapti ?v boieles beat the greatest respect, invited '..:. Thcir.viiigs..';e,aiiist the bars, and each State Legisl dure must' first pass a. are treated with often elected to high and sweet, The musie. s,;ft.an'! res dution. 'Submitting the question to be into the best families, treated are schoolmasters the to Asceii'lin s'ars. We offices, whereas voted upon by the men of that State. called often are and have succeeded 'in gaining the franchise in slightingly, cven.riore they d.W'ig to be I listened old grandmothers!" laek Avhe.r 'die surge-- roll, lour states of the Union by this slow proat and free. unfetteivn. of deal length UTffanid, interest, a with great ." cess. oui. vi's ithin the i' and a Quaker, horn' always been to having mention ' Another hindrance I want to R' k I.OVI MORK. God inspired a woman to speech that a of taught a you: every single year over quarter as a man I. rose in my seat and million 'of foreign born men ore landed on just as weil our shores, fresh Yrom the monarchies' of said, "Mr. Prudent!" Professor of Mathe 'j Lovk- - for. the dead should not be allowed Tiie prcisideut was a the Old World, who know nothing at all of to, cramp our duty to those who arc still matics at' Weft... Point, a pompous man the Deck ration -- of -I- ndependence,, .pOI1 wearing a blue coatrbrass buttons .juUmlTwitkJl. principle of free and equal government, Yt 1 -- ' ;. 7'-,- I ; ! ! j j 1 ; : ,:-- ' h-- d . ! g -- - r - ... f A I T . T . 1 . . i 4 1 T i )1 s uu-iik- e tu-oo- h . ; . j i ; j i ; ; j ; j ; i i -- ; ; ; ta V.A X Vfci 4 are-simpl- 1 de-ma:;di- y J j ny pn-p- ! -- I a. iuai.,, - ! it-wa- ! ! s - ' sin'ig-bi'"- d ' s PK.'t-siiarc- i e . e h-'- Miss-Nim-an- d . Yi--- i s ' ' .' ' - wM-atu- l : ' j - j j - - 