' - (A)R- DUTY TO TH K WOMEN OF WOMAN'S KXPONlvXT. l may be still in the matriarchal they are not, most of them. are certainly m some transition sta;e from that to the ather-rulNot all, peoples have had to , bass thrnmh t1i. .wv. .;.-.- .. .t 01 tion-ship- OUR NEW POSSESSIONS. , cheated. We cannot escape, nor can we I ;Y KK V, AN X A G A KI.IN Sl'K N C K K . roughly and swiftly help others to' escape, thejliscipline of ages of natural gio.uh. at the National HiuTrage Convc!)li';i at This all means that we need another woiiuh Commission to go to all the lauds in which lu wnica marked our ancestral Conclusion. our dag now claims aMiew 1 he more insistent of over tribal relationwas"Woman first the hit. says and collective, family life have somesight and control- a Commission other than-thaship ol taste to h bondage."-nnn :ing True, times solteued the process of social so. recently sent to the Philippines to been has growth and long see what .and ht'r bondage bitter; winch uni id be done to bring order, to that iui women unuer old i i ct ro ..,1 may : t forms n of i v other human all tiwe needi a but like slavery, voman law and the later K ut lMaim,.. iuiijj( common nglish Commission which shall study domestic the subjection of woman to.mau in the famlaw. a may be that the races of dusky a once was at vast step upward Africa and ofjhe islands of the sea. as wf4r rather than'jMjlitieal conditions,, and which ily Loud t! condition. It gave as our Aryan, cousins of shall look for' the undercurrents of social fronf preceding India, may from the terrible lelease lalor bur wo: growth rather tjian the moreshowy political easily through tl it. her time and mentof man's dens of gage life; gave movements. We should have on that to the responsibility family of Commission two archaeologists, a man and person, and life than we, with our strength to deVelop beauty fibre of tough taste of manner. and a woman, and I can name themOtis T.' It gave refiuer.i'wiit were able to do. If so, in the name for it Mason and Alice C. Fletcher. bur the teaching capacity, put all the of justice they shall have the chance ! child-lilinto her exclusive care, But if we, who have not We should have on that Commission oi;e younger "writ yet lajge" command leisure at to devote to in law am' olitical with s:ne that respect for statesman, learned in the law, who can conand as well as physical women which all ourrights moral, itsmenul trive ingenious and flexible jointures beeducation, industry, led a to closer relationship It wdl heing. religion, art, home life- and social culture tween the old and the Hew ways of living; between man and woman than the world so that law shall' be an aid to natural express, if we, who are still inconsistent, bad known before, and thus gave each the. and not is it when to supersede cusyet out of the transition stage from development of the other's father-rulAnd al and not an iron the hand advantage qualities. of restriction. to the. equal reign of both tom, and the We "teacher of a should nave on everywhere ways subjection it, one capa sexes, if we lay violent hand upon the woman to man has had a mitigation ble of next backward peoples and give them only our divining the; steps ' of training of hardships unknown to law and our political and sol teniii And, last but not least, we as these relate lor cmid-Me- . rights other forms of slavery, by reason of the to women, we shall do horrible to should have a woman on the Commission injustice the savage women, and through- them to trained in the best methods of. philanthropic power of. human affection as it has worked As soon,, however, through the whole process of social growth for their effort, best because most closely following as the hlavery of woman. to man was Wjien we tried to divide "in the laws of social advance, one capable of people. and obsolete it" became (as was Afriseveralty" the lands of the Indian, we did reading the present in the light of the past, can slavery in a professedly democratic violence to all his own sense of justice and the special in the comparative atmosphere of the general, and capable of leading the " co operative feeling when we failed to reccountry like our own) "the sum of all villianies." And today there is no inconsorganization of social forces which are native ognize the women of the tribes in the disistency so great, and,' therefore, no condittribution. We then and there irave the and jeculiar to the existing life. We owe this debt to the women of our new possesion so brutal and outrageous, as the subjIndian the worst of the white man's relaection of women to men in a civilization tionship to his wife, and failed utterly, as sions, and through them to the social life of which, like ours, assumes in the nature of the case we.must, to which they are already doubtless the most of justice and "equality of hu-- , give him the best of the white man's reunifying element, the debt of intelligent man rights. It is an archaeologist and not lation, to his wife. When in India, as Mrs: understanding of their present conditions a woman suffrage reformer who savs, Garrett Fawcett has so fineby shown, we and the conservation of all their social in"Nothing is more natural than, that woman, introduce the technicalities of the English fluences and personal dignity in the up-- , the author of parental government, the law of marriage to bind an unwilling wife holding of the national life. founder of tribal kinship and the Says Lester Ward, our great sociologist: organizer to her husband, we give the Hindoo the of industrialism, should have much to say slavery of the Anglo-Saxowife, but we "The sociologist and the statesman should about the form of housekeeping called publ- do not 'give the Hindoo that spirit of Anglo-Saxo- n co operate in discerning the laws of society ic economy." The full recognition of which has and the methods of utilizing them so as. to marriage and home-lifequality of human rights as applied to made that slavery often scarcely felt, and let the, social forces flow freely and strongwoman has, however, not yet come even If this be true in respect to our own never an unmixed evil. If, today, in the ly." to our own America. The passing century Hawaiian Islands or in Cuba we fail to rec- - national life, and who shall gainsay it, has indeed witnessed a revolution in the ouize the native women who still hold it is tenfold more true in' resrect to those political and legal and industrial and social something of . the primitive prestige Qf more artificial relationships of one nation to and educational another, which are the outgrowth of al position of women; and in womanhood; fail to recognize them as enour country the family life and almost all titled to a translation, under new laws and liance, subjugation, or territorial oversight. &her relationships of men and Women are conditions, of the old dignity of position, "Take up the White Man's burden do them an purged of most of the elements of sex subjbut not we shall Go, pilot as you may only injustice, Your sullen peoples ection. Yet our laws still lag behind the we shall give the Hawaiian and Cuban men Who do know not the way. practice of our better lessons in the wrong side and not the right people, and the fundaGo, teach them not with cannon, side of our domestic relations. Above all if mental political rights are; still withheld Those fluttered folkand wild; from most women citizens. we with and lead them, as,, with yearning, But We all know in the Philippines abruptly, A aore or less mother leads her child.'--' clearly that mother-rulgave force of arms, establish the authority of the yay to father-rulwoman's excluire"so-c:a- l husband over the wife, by recognizing men as signers of command to man's exclusregovern-n'ta- l only as property-ownerA GOOD MAN GONE. control, only that both might give treaties, as industrial rulers and as domestic Pi;ce to the In the death of Hon. Francis Armstrong, we shall introduce every outequal, reign of "two heads in' council two beside the hearth, two in the, rage and injustice of women's subjection to which occurred on June 15th, in this city, Wed business of the world." But Our men, without giving these people one iota a vast number of people in various circum- luh assent in law 'and custom is not yet of the sense of family responsibility, of pro- - stances of life have lost a staunch, reliable Siven by vote' ' to this last arid tection of, and respect for, women, and of and warm friend. ' When it can be said of 'majority naest devotion to child-- - a wealthy man,, as it was testified to of step in the evolution of social order.. dee? and. -tBrother Armstrong by the several speakers oday these considerations (especially the hood's needs, which mark the Anglo-Saxolailure to snnlu tu over his earthly remains,; that he has been r man. In a word, if we introduce one parti1:. " man n&rhts to , women, even in the most cle of bur belated and illogical political and "a friend to the poor, it means more than .advanced centres encomiums that may of modern civilization) leeal subjection of women to men into any all the ean especial and most fateful signifi-h- n civilized and community, we oe paiu 10 nib a vm ly u? a ciever ousmess n,ct Nation to the women of the more shall spoil the domestic virtues that com- rman, a successful financier, a wise counselor ara races as they are brought into munity already possesses, and we shaft not and strong pillar in public affairs. violent-TvWit h i: thesejiuali ties were, feelingly' attribut- WUi julioic modern oviiiauoii. (because we cannot so abruptly and Tr i ; inoculate them with the virtues of civil- - ed to this good man by. the earnest, honest now-ll."W peppies broght as a nation into vital rela- - ized domestic life. Nature will not be speakers at his funeral. t , e : ! 1 I - . 1 ad-au- ;. mer - 1 t ' li-ir- cii . . u'j""ii pass-mor- e char-acte- r, e - e - .ex-attractio- - to-ics- . upon-foundation- ' " . n e , " A. ! - new-caugh- e e, s, law-giver- s, self-sacrificin- g n ai: ' high-soundin- half-civilize-d 111 v m-- 3 3 t - . with-whqmrw- eare, g g t, . 