WOMAN'S KXrONKNT; ! Woman's Exponent. 1 er delegates fr an many countries eminent and for learning,' wisdom e:.?h with such minds in close contact-wit. other, naturally the result must" be char-and-judgment- , acterisUc of the whole.. .They came to-- i undoubtedly to do effective work, Like City, Uuh, i'arnl certiinly it was an .unique event, I'uM..'J s mi m mily, in r one t rn.nth-.Trnii: ont co; copy l.oo; 1 he y something "new' under the sun." Jor ma No cl'i'rt. in' City i'ttri 50 its, finale actc which 'summed up the fa bor of eml !y mail, extr.i fr post ic;c one yen'. 25 cts. !m?i of n'onparM r.Hrtt Jv.ch ?q'n? days and weeks has at least given fresh and a certain faith in humanity to rpac on t.me I i.50; pr month, $3.00. A l brrul d courage, co'itd rrzu'ar a'lv.TiLscrj. tho.se who have taken note of the proceedF.X l' vknt otfirc, Roo'ii io3 "lemp'.cton, South lemple ings and the ultimate outcome. ho .rs from 10 a. rn. t 5 p. m. every Strrtu li Recently a question ha.i arisen, whether, sy, r xcflp! Snni.y. after all, it was not the Pope who originated n'l business communicat ons to thef Peace Conference, instead of the Car. Mrs. l' V.. WF.LLS', It is stated upon good authority, that the Salt Lkkf. City, Utah. papal representatives werer shut out from the deliierations of the .conference; yet the EntertJ at the Post Olfue in SjU Laie City, Otah, as fact seems well established that the Pope's m itltr, stcon proposition to the Czar was made as early fact that It is a Su.t Lake City, Utah, Ski 15, a (Xt, 1, isy). as 1895. Pope Leo XIII. has been against war measures, and has been greatly exercised GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. because war could nut ' lc prevented. The General Conference of the Relief Whether the Pope or the Czar made the Society will Ik held in the Salt Lake first move towards calling the conference; Assembly Hall in- - this city, Thursday, evidently the leaven is working, and though October 5, 1899, meetings commencing at the permanent good "desired may not be It is desir- reached in the near future, yet the confer 10 a. m., 2 p. m. and 7 p. m. able that there should be a representative ence is certainly. one of the memorable from each Stake of Zioh to report, and all events of the century. The influence of officers and members, also Bishops and the great gathering at "The Hague," will brethren, are most cordially invited to spread abroad, and though many may attend the meetings of the conference doubt its bencficient results, the world will of this great organization. be the lettfor all such humanizing efforts., D. II. Young, Zina Another great event, and one seemingly President, fraught 'with direful consequences, is the S. Jank Richards, Dreyfus trial, which has caused more of a Uatii.siikba W. Smith, sensation and of an ertirely dilferent charSarah J. Cannon, acter from the Peace Conference. And the Counselors. end is not yet. The effect of such proceedings cannot be in the nature of civilizing 'and uplifting humanity, but exactly the GREAT EVENTS IN 1899 opposite. The interest in the case was not This year, 1S99, has been one of great really so much because of the moral con events significant of material changes, and viction everywhere that Dreyfus was inno- brimming over with exciting details in cent, but that the issues involved were of which the whole woild is interested. Much such vital importance to the French nation; has transpired of general interest, and the and .the' new trial caused sv great excite newspapers and associated press have not ment throughout, but the crisis was reached lacked for such news 2s the people clamor when an attempt was made to assassinate for in this age of feverish .unrest. Dreyfus' counsel. It is currentThe war with Spain was scarcely settled ly reported that the attempt was in the interest of General Mercier, whose testimony by treaty until the war with the Phillipines began in dead earnest, and there is little against Dreyfus was. to be subjected to likelihood of any satisfactory arrangement Labori's examination. The idea that Dreyfus' would be vindi-- heim made in the near future. Indeed, it is a grave question how to adjust matters cated alid his innocence proved, seemed the so as to reach a peaceful solution. Mean- prevailing opinion almost to the very lastr..T.,- .1 4:..... it...t iu tunc uic i cav.y movement eaut'u ior me aud wnen the verdict was "guilty" peo"power's in several great nations, to unite ple were- more than" surprised indeed .it upon sime method that would bring about seemed an impossible thing. However, against the almost universal opinion of the should arise between the various countries, countries nearest allied to Fiance, and who either on sea or 011 Inndt nnd ht this ;fnrrp. certainly would expect justice, even temof the civilization of the world such pered with mercy, yet the unexpected has measures must seem at least to be oppor-- " happened What the consequences will be tuue; to pursue barbarous practises was all it is hard to determine. Latest telegrams very well in the- days of feudalism, 'but seem to have "indicated pardon from the with the enlightenment of the nineteenth government, and now ' the ' 'pardon" has been granted, so say the century, surely ought to come such rationdistelegraphic al and progressive advancement in com' President patches, by Loubet. mercial and political and all other inter to. the it J ireparatoiy pardon, whrb . 7 national matters, that some common ground .1 cw;?n "raoms aat,S!PateOf settlement might be formulated so as to for Madame Drpvfucdengaged i j vuiu iJiuv.ii iiiai. uceii uyieciionaDie to uuls.u, lour miles' ruiKesione, all right feeling people, who desire the irom Dover. The kindly expressions of welfare of mankind. the people of the place towards M. tabori The Peace Conference at 'The Hague'l nas accomplished more than many of its .aiidIadanieDreyiusrwereTverylfetin so say the dispatches. : promoters anticipated at first.' At any rate, Now that the pardon:has been, this- - remarkable conference brought toget.hr the French officials are fearful of granted; a great ustuiiusl: a: wells, i;.f,tjr ni pui:,fktr. m g-th- S-i'- on-- f A'Jv!ri;-.rnj- .'. n- er v t . : - ; t-- r - J t .3 well-know- n . . ' . ; M;--Labori,- --- . . - - -- L : 1 I . W m . , : demonstration, ami pit pate t ou.t of the country beiop ill into' t fiect. n rfh 1 .' The Transvaal is the all ab tion of the Jiritish goveniment ent.tinie. The general op'u,; ;5 ; quvi. fit?. is that as an in. :;' the in- 1 Cecil Rhodes finds the Traus deiKriideut Republic detriment. dustrial, commercial and jxjliti. , 1 : Hovels of the imperialist:. Olive Schreiuer, a. South Africm Ivngli ;-- woman a writer of grtat f(rce and imir. r, nas a receuuy punnsnta larny, "ivinr her views of the entire situation; it tr6. titled ""An JCnglish South African's Vkw This South African cr the Situation." Transvaal question, is worth .study ing froni Olive Schreinei 's standpoint. She says: "A new Phenomenon has started t;:s in South African Life. The discuvery of bfMti.$ of mineral wealth in South Afnca, more esjx'cially gold, has. attracted si; idtnly. to its shores a larger population, which is not and cannot, at least at once, be South Thebe are literally foreigners. To those who know the Khmdyke and Western America it is not i:eets-arto describe Johannesburg. to understand the problem before the little Transvaal Republic today, it is nectary for Knghshmen to imagine not merely that within ten or twelve years forty millions of Russians, Frenchmen and Genfmiis should eater Kngland, not in driblets and in time extending over half a century, to be and digested in the original population, but instintaueously and at o;:ce, not merely to remain in Kngland and there to extract wealth; not merely that the' bulk of this .wealth was exported at once to other countries enriching Russia, France and Germany, out of the products of English soil, that would.be comparatively a small . matter, but that the bulk of the wealth extracted was in the hands of a few persons and these persons opposed to the continued freedom and independence of Kagland, but wealth were attempting by the use "of they extracted from Ungland tos'.ir up Russia and France and Germany against her, that through the loss of her freedom they might the bett"r obtain the command of her wjalrtnand lands. When' the Englishman has vividly drawn this future for himself, he will hold as nearly as is possible, in a "nutshell, an imaee .of the problem which the people and government of the Transvaal Republic are called on to face to day, and we put it straightly to him., whether this problem is not one of infinite perplexity and difficulty ?" ..; unfortunate misunderstanding has arisen from the simple use of the terms far-reachin- g :e t,-..i- t Afri-ca- n. y Kig-htl- . ab-sorb- - r "capitalist" and monopolist" in the of South African matters. The question before us is jiot, shall oi:. South African possess twenty millions,, live in his palace, lve on champagne, have his yacht iii Table Bay, and deck women with a hundred thousand dollars worth of jewels, yhile ouum .irican next aoor nab uvLUiu&' dis-cus'si- . r V.... Z.ul tp America. &te is hoind up with! the land fhey live in; t:ii dieam mi ons arp Atnprtran: wuPn they -- "cn. tin; '- - 01 r.u- - . A r - it is to American institutions leave their munificent donations.' The mass of .the weal th they 'expend oh themseivesis expended in America, and returns 10 the people of the country in many forms. V. Who gains by war? is one of the questions Olive Schreiner puts forcibly., they : 