. V . r rewarnsirs iui .lillie paying, now.uou Key t' 1 . ing this commandment. Sister Julia C. Howe spoke of the com fort the Lord had given her in her trials this winter. Said in coming to meeting she renewed her strength, and said we .should be faithful and. do our duty, that when we. have trials we can draw near to our Heavenly Fathers and let us not speak against the authorities, nor harbor ill feelings against any one.. Sister Frances Smith bore testimony of the Gospel. Another sister bore testimony of God's goodness. Sister Jane James spoke of the truthful Said she wanted to uess of tithe paying. live so that the Lord, would hear and answer her prayers. She knew her Redeem ' er lived. The congregation sang "Corae let us be anew." Sister Mary Silver said-shShe knew the lieved iu paying tithing. r Lord would bless us for doing so and keep ing the word of wisdom. Said she thanked e tlm T rrA elm U'Tfi itrrrer ri- r - f MIC TVT . pie. Sister Maerentha Bulbock said she kuew this was a very trying age, and she knew she could go to the Lord for His help. Felt that she had been fed spiritually. Sister Ellis knew this was the kingdom of God. Spoke of the gift of healing that had lately been made manifest in her family. Counselor Stevenson said it made her rejoice to see the young sisters bear testimony in these meetings. Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Singing, 'Satan's empire long has flourished." Benediction by Sister Brown. J. S. WootuiY, Sec. " . PROCLAMATION. "Whereas, A treaty of peace between States of America and her majesty, .the'queen regent of Spain, in the name of her august son, Don Alfonso XIII, was concluded and signed by their respec tive plenipotentiaries at Paris, on the 10th day of December, 1898, the original of which is in the Spanish language; is word for word as follows: (Here full text of treaty is included) And "Whereas the said convention has been duly ratified on both parts and the ratifications of the two - governments were "exchanged in the city of Washington, on the nth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine- . "Now, therefore, be it known, that I, William McKinley, President of the United States A America, have caused the said convention to be made public to the end that the same and every article and clause thereof, may be observed and fulfilled, with good faith by the United' States and the citizens thereof. "In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused Ibe seal of the United States to be affixed. "Done at the city of Washington, this iitn day ot April,, m the year ot our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine,- " and of the independence of the United States the one hundred and twenty-thirthe United - - . d. " William McKinley. By the President: . "John Hay, -I- 5 ' "' N MEMORIAM- "THE CLIFF DWELLERS. .- READ AT THE U. W. F. in loving remembrance. We the Primary officers of Davis Stake? in meeting assembled, desire to express our sorrow and regret that one of our members whom ve loved soweU Jxabeencaled away. Sister Jane W. Hooper Blood was presi-denof the Primary Association of Kays- '.ville, organized September 18, 1S79, rind remained faithful to' her trust until overtaken with a sickness that terminated, in her.death on September 7, 1898. Mrs. Blood was born May 2, 1845, in C, MARCH 3 1, The final relations to which all knowledge tends, are those connecting intelligent man with the universe of which he forms a part. u nniit udrrn rrrvfrrictpc- - tirvr - i . . i tension, but also by invention," viz. ,s the fields extend, so also knowledge be. comes more definite, more significant, more useful, and in every way closer to the intelligent being. Knowledge begins with the remote, and proceeds toward the near. The stars' were studies, and first astrol-ogand afterwards astronomy came. The England. lemoter lands were explored, and Harap.shireT Southhampton, geography Emigrated with 'her parents to America, arose. Gems and rare earth were examined, arriving in Salt Lalce City in 1S54, and and chemistiy developed. Plants were in' moved from there to Taylorsville in April then botany came. Animals She was married to William Blood vestigated, were subjected to research, and zoology September 9, 1S61. She had ten children, became a science. five boys and five girls, all living. Mountains, mines, rocks and soil were Besides holding a position in the Primary studied, and geology was organized. Man. she was secretary in the Relief Society, a kind was investigated in their various asteacher in the Sunday School and a mem pects, and anthropology came into being. ber of the. choir in the ward where she The organizations and. definition of lived. Sister Blood was- devoted to her science yields a definite basis for scientific family, and with "all of her public duties classification of the races and people of the home was not neglected. She was a model earth," including the tribes of America. wife and mother. The sixteenth annual report of the We' desire to dedicate these few lines to Bureau of American Ethnology is most and the general work has now her memory, and have them published in the Woman's Exponent and a copy sent to reached such a stage as to afford trustworthy the family, which will cause her to be kept standpoints for future work in Ethnic classifications. in rememorance 01 our associations to The creation and migration traditions of gether. the Navajoes in regard to chronological Affectionately Inscribed, Aurelia S. Rogers, Prest. sequence and events, and the advent of the ancestors, of the Navajoes in the San Juan ' JEMIMA WILLIS SMITH. valley about the end of the 15th century, is thereby established. We feel it a duty to record the death of The original Navajoes were probably one of our beloved sisters, Jemima W. cliff dwellers, and the tribes appear not to Smith, who departed" this life in 1899, be a ramification of the Apaches, as hitherat her home in Snowflake, Arizona. to supposed. We have kxiown her faithfulness, wit It is probable that the Apaches were alnessed her sacrifices and works of charity, ready in the San Juari region at the advent her humble and true demeanor, her devo- of the, Navajoes. tion to her aged husband and her labors in By reason of limited numbers the ApachRelief Society work for many years, and es and Navajoes did not molest the Pueblo her good deeds have been inspiring unto tribe prior to the 17th century. Perhaps us. tor twenty hve years she never the most important lesson, to learn through missed a sacrament meeting or gathering of researches concerning the American tribes, the Relief Society unless, detained by sickis that primitive people reflect their environ- ness. Her work for the dead " was not neglected and for years, when her health families and tribes are organized for fishing. would allow, she went in person to the In the forest they are organized for chase or too When feeble she sent Holy Temple. for war. On the they are organized the names of her dead, and always paid for for agriculture, or prairie for the hunting of herbithe work being done. She has been Stake vores. treasurer for the Relief Society for a numIn the valley and arid regions they are ber of years, 'and we her colaborers offer organized for agriculture and defence.. these resolutions of respect as a slight Thus, you see, the social organization is token of our love: bound up with the industries, arid with the social condition; RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Mr. MinderhofFs oaoer on the Cliff Resolved. That inncmnrVi Ve uui Dwellers in the Canyon De Chelly, (pro vjlaKC treasurer. Temima W.Smith1 ha nounced De Chaye) gives an account of the from our midst, we wish toexpress our ruins of a district but little known. He appreciation of her worth.says that it is certain thattne Cliff Dwellers Resolved, That we emulate her nobility migrated under the stress of predation by of character and unfaltering devotion to the neighboring tribes,, into this district by" truth. which they were fain to gather for susteResolved. That as she ha riiVri iui nance and mutual protection on easily de-- ; we desire by some means to perpetuate her fended sites,' near- - the moist and bottom' memory; lands on which their crops were raised.- Resolved.' That these TP?nliitmne u HJ- His observation demonstrates- that the corded in our Stake record and a CHff pubDwellers were nothing more than lished in the Woman's Exponent. copy Indians, sometimes not related among, one Emma: S. Smith, Sarah Griggs, Mary J another, by consanguinity, nor institutional West,- Lucy H; Flake, Prances Wells. Lid LtAl III IIIl IJI tlll.ll . t y, i8. . - im-porta- nt, , . -- 1 . ci - " ; : - -- " . A I V. , 