WOMAN'S ,'t. r)in-- r. ti. i I EXPONENT.' ti :i tlic" thirteen Articles of "Faith by Fed. not the with which the people. are jop': Smith, The index is familiar. com. pain'c Whos:,!y bciiind . very alrcaJv vhich is always a. valuable addition .plde work. There is also an to ar.. important which will be Apr jjix desire to. make' very helpfuL.to a. study of the til - kVho took With; ay ; with ihe contents, as a part of Church tbcol v, the Scriptures, Book of Mormon and Revelations. livery lecture seems to so as to be fully t be definitely explained .comprehended, and in simplicity of.language . f 7ixArTTrAT;: it is they parting . RESOLUTIONS FOR- MAY MHKTING. FIF-TEIT- II : -- view-t-bewinin-fumi- liar Resolved," TIuV we the vvnnic.M rf. t1w Y r "i kit v nitedij States, belie vin .r in the soli'dnHtv f humanity, recognize that whatever nro. moles the permanent interests of. one nation mut ultimately secure the highest welfare of all;' believing that the. highest interests 'book recommends itself admirably. of each nation are best conserved bv its the has taken vilituf undoubtedly The great 'own civil, political an 1 social institutions; all make and the inat devotion to these interests in all nations' subjects plain, pains to to fail cannot desired is measured by the industrial' "object. progress of for Sunids theological students, its peoples, and finds its best whether expression in or classes educational instituSchool education, philanthropy,, letters, art and reday ticcligion; and realizing that these expressions to the Bible are numerous, of a nation's life languish in time of war RekT'-nce- s as aho some to the Book of Mormon, the and are abated by all the influences, conPearl of Great. Price and Book of Abraham. ditions and circumstances accompanying The book will supply a long felt need in war and resulting therefrom, we deprecate regard to aumorizeu aocmne on many the maintenance and enlargement of the vital points.- lilders going lorth as mis- - present standing armies of the world as a' siouaries. should certainly provide them- - menace to civilization, to culture and to selves' with a copy for reference, and all religious ideals; therefore should contain this religious libraries Resolved, That we gratefully regard the treatise. Conference convened by His Majesty the special xor I he booK is saie at tue ueseret rsews, Czar of Russia as the initiative of a tendencv which weiiope will result- in the abolition-j handsomely bound. of war as a means of settling International Disputes, and the establishment of a perA SOCIAL AFTERNOON. - " : - i - - manent international court of arbitration. To the Women of Utah: In order to promote the international peace measures whicli the Czar's peace con-f- t reuce at The Hague has been called to consider,, a Central Committee of prominent women has been of one from each viman country, that will join in the movement. This has. been brought abouf largely tlirough the inlhience and efforts (if Fnm Professor Solenka ot Munich, who is the honored Chairman; Lady Aberdeen, whose name is well known in America, is the member of Committee from and. May Wright Sewall, of Indianapolis, is the American member, from whom letters of instruction came calling for 'meetings here. Later on, letters from Munich. were forwarded containing sugges. tions and resolutions, and indicating general methods of procedure. It would seem by the delegation selected by President McKinley to represent the United States at the conference assembled at The Hague, that the President has considered the conference of great import-- , ence. Hon. Andrew I). White, whoJieads the delegation, is the ambassador from this country to Berlin, Hon. Stanford Newel, United States minister to Holland, in resi-- -- Oreat-Britai- chon-cousisting u, -- -- dence. at The Hague. nrnv. . !)r't-!,1iil,.ro m 1.1 u.i t uk-t- v The other ,.f ijwn , ui T i ti v memt ' - vru in wi. 1 University; Capt. A. T.. Mahan, of the navy, (retired); Capt. Wm. Crozier, of the army, and the Hon. Frederick William Holls of Nev York, as secretary and counsel. It is assuredly a very strong and dignified commission, and the people of the by President McKinley The ladies were pleasant Kensington tea. to represent the government of the United United States may be very justly proud of mostly old friends whose acquaintance had the selections. extended over many years, and among States at the Czar's Conference, bur conThe declaration of the Czar in favor of theis'were bright young women who de gratulations on the opportunity thus offered peace, which 'was at first met by derision, to assist in the inauguration of that The, them lighted in helping to entertain. civili-izebetter method which shall characterize the has now aroused sympathy from all house was beautifully decorated in carna nations. The more mature de- and we respectfully beg to new civilization; roses and the and tions, 'liL'eration of thoughtful and intelligent peosmilax, genial assure them that their conwomen country sweet and cheerful, was hostess, always ple cannot fail to see something practical in fidently expect them to lend their high in more than gracious to all her guests the future, growing out of this generally . The- tables were daintily arranged and fluence and large abilities to the service of awakened 'sentiment, which favors peace by their disinterested efforts to and international arbitration insteadof prettily grouped, refreshments 'delicious, humanity war promote objects set forth in the letter of and bloodshed, which are, and and the afternoon was passed in such con naturally His Majesty, the Lzar of Russia, and the must geniality of conversation that it will not be, always demoralizing in their which are involved in still objects higher soon be forgotten. D 11. effects upon the civilization of the world. Sisters Zina and whicli will come disarmament, gradual In consideration of the great importance Young, Bathsheba W. Smith, . Minnie J. its natural sequence. as to be regarded of this subject, the women throughout this Snow, Mary Alice .Lambert, Lydia Ann Wells, Emma Woodruff, Elizabeth Webb, city are most respectfully and earnestly Sarah J. Cannon, Hannah C. Wells, Harsolicited to lend their influence, and also to TO THE SOUTH. TRIP riet Taylor, Vilate Young, Maria Y. , take an a'ctive part in a public demonstration on the evening of May fifteenth, in the Phebe Y. Beatie, Zina H. Bull, Mary Lorenzo Snow contemplates a President A. Freeze, Maria Winder and many others interest of the peace movement now being ' Jcif fn ennthrrn Utah commencing todav. were present and partook of- the spirit of n PvlKmi nvpr n .wind of agitated throughout the civilized world. Tr Jw ,f the ' Meetings are to beheld. simultaneously in gathering,: which was strictly one of all the.larger towns and cities in this and restful enjoyment. . These social reunions or consist Presidents' will that The party, are bust inspiring and comforting to those Lcrenzo Snow, Jos. F. Smith, and Frank in other countries, wherever people are who have many daily cares and duties, and sufficiently interested in the subject to mm, lin Rudger F.M.Ly Richards, Apostles one who is thoughtful of these good sisters Clawson, together with Elders Seymour B. gather together and unite in prayers, hymns, whose devotion speeches and Resolutions looking toward through long years of toil d Bishoo W. B. Preston, will the betterment of the and personal sacrifice; and Who in a beautiworld, through a and on Lake Salt Monday 15, leave City ful home can gradual disarmament (of armies and navies) open her doors and her. heart below McCune to train station, , 'in generous and cessation 0f hostilities between nations. is in the true sense journey by hospitality, oe met win oy the where party Milford, While the greatest men' of the wrorld are of the word a benefactress. and Stake St. the of George the Presidency this problem of how to prowrestling-witOne of the ladies present at that party t.. of citizens George. several mote and foster better and happier condi-tion- s prominent has already passed behind the veil, Harriet From this p6int they will "drive to St. for mankind, women also are equally Taylor, daughter of Lucy D. Young and will 'arrive where Tuesday by they interested (if not evjcu more) in the moral -f Mrs. Rossiter. How. little, we George, all and spiritual welfare of humanity, and being well r know cf the on that day her sweet evening, future; face ar:d After a brief stay in that city the entire should certainly exert an influence in gentle manner reininded.the writer will visit and. hold meetings, in the favor of the uplifting tendencies abroad in t her sainted mother, whose presence in party ere they return to the world. And in the coming together Uds gone by we wrere wont to see at many, following settlements for the general good of all, men are most social .parties. , Salt Lake City; , V invited to participate, even though: Dear Sister Taylor "died suddenly withKanana, Cedar, Parowan, Beaver. cordially the meeting is held undrheusr)ices LQfjL out Wnrfl prprr tr tVirca cVip ImrprT OH Meadow .Jgi hpt jw-'... rwomanrs mbementT !i;i,V" .hhiy y nut as the poet said, so we believe Zi;'-- r ScipiO. Further, and finally, Resolved, That we extend to the At the residence of Mrs. Myra Y. Rossiter on Thursday, May 4, there was a. very - - d Dou-gall- - wts - . ni:-more- 1 j sir . . " ' ' - ; . ...- . Cl '- w-.- m :: - - 