WOMAN'S; KXPONKNTi But she; did never 'redeemed-- . too proud for that, .and the e girl had changed into a welhde-v.umaafter a time lie wrote, u.'d.'eu :i : Danforth took months to deliber- replying;aud when .she did write, flnol.to make any sort of it not been for the thrilling n their lives, that came near, e,;sO'le she would' have, acted wow she was doubly reserved. he wrote again, then she said: !;c and l,ye had waited long enough, "wan, and he, ,ht, for her, and too long by far for had come out accidentally, 'and just what she had It id- - corn-Ha- d i end-traged- y, . i:;:n-nn- .morning at biiakfast time Uncle Alltlt Rather n Irtter in i:,,., niil. which gave her no )i i c,i::ar:i; hut as she opened it another letter Alice caught it lliuJl np n the table. ..thir.kiag it might be for her, but Ksther l.H,n tne name, and knew instantly from her old sweetheart. it it "Kxi-uvme, Aunt Ksthcr," said Alice, after all, but such a peculiar "it is 'bam!, 1" ;.ks like foreign paper, but there's no pusmurk, there "must be visitors at the What does Polly say?" Vreu s Xest. There was no help for it, Aunt Ksthcr .. Her face was flushing, she nnt a;i.. a::d 'trying to be as calm as possible, Urina' to lier sister, who was eyeing her she stammered out, "Sidney very Mr. Manning, 1 mean he's returned .. 1 - r i -- j . e-r- kii-- w. cvj.-el- y. al.KMd." "And pray who is Sidney frur.i ; Auntie ?" ' I'll Mr., Man- - ode u1 siie could reply Aunt Jane had sH.kv!i ior her, "Your Aunt Ksther's old s.veethearjt, Alice." Mrs. Dauforth protested and blushed a crimson; but the secret was out tint's what Polly meant when she romance in your life." arean Polly know of my sister's sweetheart? '"She 'was nothing but a child when this affair .with Sidney Manning occurred. that's why we all called himKsther's voti had a "AVh r Father and mother didn't apchildren being engaged and broke prove tho ra.itt.er oil, and my sister was sent a way irora home, to cure her. But I always had an idea it was a kind of hopeless case, for he never married, at least we never heard of it, rmd as for Ksther, she is blushing to sweetheart. of. -- to .her ears, for all the world girl of sixteen and she's six thirty." "1v'i'l it enough to make any one blush, have such things repeated in one's I wish Sidney Manning hid 'preser.cv ? staved in India." 'Jays Well," if that isn't rich uncle from India for the holi- alter all Lan t vou invite him to ' Aunt Jane?" "Th !t must be as my sister Ksther. says," sHa replied. "I; would like it very much." "He's not your uncle, Alice," said Aunt Ksther, "and 'it's very improper for you to y; call him so, and your Aunt Jane's house is comeliLie, . of visitors ...At this Alice out there was already;'' - -- rrC d .s-.- - ' V : - warm-heate- d be-seen- - - . - was.-VSh- -. v . The-lette- r " subsided for a few moments; very little breakfast eaten by of the ladies that morning. Aunt Jane recalled one remembrance - alter another of the days when Ksther was a child, and it lyas ajl ve"rY. interesting for the young folks." Alice declared. U was just what she always Jad thought from fragments Polly had Jpppsddioiv-anthen, though how she had it out no one could tell; and now it v house and startk-- the company. "Who can it be at this kite iur.ir?" said two or three in a breath; but they had not long to wait. ,A stranger,' mmuYd to the chin in furs,, and covered' with snow, su od in the hallway and in ever) adjacent doorthe new way' the guests' crowded to Mr. Wetherell guessed who he comer. was and took him into his room,. a roit of office, or what would nowadays be stIed a den. Some explanations were made by the straugerr.and he excused himself fur-- being mu filed by saying he had been so long ac- Mr. Wetherell customed to a hot climate. treated his guest to. refreshments, and alter partaking of coffee, etc , he. was inlrcdticed to the company assembled there, as. an old friend of the hostess. This was a great relief to Aunt Ksther when she heard of it afterwards, s she was suffering meantime, not knowing what excuse had been made fyr his unexpected appearance. Mr. Manning was very affable and 'dignified in manner and a perfect 'master of His extensive language in conversation. travels abroad had given him case and grace in society, and he "took the castle by The girls were storm," so to speak. charmed with" him, and the young nun Kittle he were gracious and deferential. cared for a'll the respect lavished upon him from these country people--h- e had only eyes and ears for one, ins lost Ksther. And she was nowhere. to She had fled to her room at the sound of his voice; she could not meet him in the presence of others. Finally the music ceased, and the dancers stepped from the scene of the festivity and rejoicing, and the family gathered around the ireat blazing tire. The night was cold, and the 'wind ho wled outside, and yet within there was peace and When .the hospitality and good cheer. room.Oeoole left had the Sidmv . i jvounjr0 Manning ventured to inquire of Jane, whom he had known well twenty years before, wdiere her sister, Mrs. Dantorth, is very nervous tonight," Jane re- i i ,.i puea, aim exireinery seiisuive.- one can not endure much excitement, and retired to her room some time since." "Indeed," replied .the gentleman, "ami shall'I not be able to see her until tomorrow ? And I. have come so far across the sea, "and up here, into ther.e rocky hills for that one purpose. I must see her for a few Will you moments, she must not refuse. intercede for me, Jane? You, who have lived such, peaceful, quiet lives, know little of the turbulent restlessness of one tossed, upon the fateful sea of uncertainty: at one moment ready to sink, and then, a fair sail in sight, taking courage once more." Mrs, Wetherell's heart was touched w itli .promised, to try and compassion, and-.shpersuade -Ksther to meet him that night, or morning, for it was: now past midnight. She enJane was as good as her word idea. Aunt Jane had said, though, that to treated Ksther to see him for a few minutes, the best of her recollection he had a very ' even if the hour was so late it would be a pleasure to him. y v fine figure and a handsome "face. "Jane, " sakLthe woman in pitying tones, Christmas eve came, and the house was was to be "you are mistaken, he yrili.be disappointed, profusely decorated: for the party he thinks' to find me the romantic girl he quite an eiaooraie aiian jui left when hr went awayrI anr old beyond," . . 'In India. Auntie? fine rartaken of. a .sham rimr lioiii tin 'old- fashioned knocker, vihiattd through the ly , -- the very tips. of like a young, nd give in honor of Jier visitors had been post, poncd from one time toa hot her on some pretext, and the night 1eiore the arrival of Aunt Ksther's-queerletter, the host and hostess had come to the conclusion it should come off on Christinas eve; aud it was to have been discussed at the breakfast table when all the family, were together; but the unfortunate letter had put it entirely "out of Aunt Jane's mind, and upon arising from the table mint Ksther liad gonp.to her room, piesumably to read her letter from home. Poor Aunt Ksther!- here was another di-- . lemma! Polly wrote that Mr.' Manning had come unceremoniously to the Wren's Nest, and finding Mrs. Dauforth absent, had inquired of her whether her mistress had received a foreign letter recently; and1 she had. answered truthfully that' she had. Then he wanted to know if any message had been left for him, and she told him there was none. Next, where she had and she when was 'expected home? gone, -- in Franklin CounShe had gone to M ty, to lier sister, Mrs. Wetherell, and as to her return, it was indefinite. Then- Polly said, "lie asked me to let him write a letter, and would I write one and enclose it in mine? And I hope, my dear mistress, you will not be offended, for he seemed so sad and disappointed ..that you were not here." Having finished Polly's letter, which contained little eleKsther Dauforth broke the seal of the other. There is always a sort of charm about a pretty seaf and it adds to the interest of a letter's contents. But this letter was a indeed. lie accused her of running away from him, and warned her that he should follow her to the ends of the earth, if need be; reminded her of walks and rambles they had taken together in the beautiful past and of the kisses he had stolen from her sweet lips. He seemed to have forgotten that she was a matronly woman now, and he no longer the young lover, nek the "little sweetheart.'- The longer Ksther stayed and pondered ovexjthe letter, the more- bewildered she grew. She could not see him there, it would.be worse than being' at home; there so many would not be looking on:. She had half a mind to pack her trunk and go back, but that seemed impracticable; and, wavering between this and that, she knelt A sweet peace and prayed for wisdom. came with the prayer, and she joined the family group in the sitting room. Alice exclaimed as soon as her aunt came in, "Aunt Jane will write to Mr. Manning to'come this very day but even then he can't reach here for the party." "Have you any objection, Ksther?" her sister inquired. "Just as you please, Jane; but remember this is your invitation, not mine," said . Ksther emphatically. Alice was and was dispatched, eairer to see what this old sweetheart of her was like, and asked numerous aunt-e'a tiestiohs: but as no one knew much more than she did, she did not get much of an "love-letter""- ii'iVcrthe!ess, and A lice was delighted. siil herself, ' The party" Aunt Jane had' intended to . djv-pe- r '(), . I spirits, except Aunt Ksth'er, whu Went from room to" room, Memingly without any object in. view. Later on in tne .evunug, when alljlie. guests had, anived, and the refreshments' had been served and abundant- begged Aunt Ksther to tell her about u. ,o 2 e s .j - . a.uv.j . i . . . e 