WOMAN'S KXrONKNT 26 . - the law ;barr niwirys- enjoyed "at thesT.'J-,ThGH)Tes7 SEMIlOr.miLYTEETINtr: rjj,11 Counselor Stevenson said sh of tithing. been an attendant at these 'meeting Sister Smith said she could bear a testiMeeting of The Ladies' God was here; also thought it was necessary for ""' June 10, 1899, convened in the i.th ward mony that the spirit.ofderived from paying come together often and ban. r prtv,n hall at 2 o'clock, President. M. I. Home spoke of themselves toperform their ink t: tithing. presiding. . Sister Margaret Goddard sai that her Father heard Sister Isaacs-kne' Meeting ojeued by singing,. "Vc Would .rather go thankful that lfer parents Were ( d k;ruZ Prayer by and answered prayers. h OOod, for a prophet." an honest people. and a great-deapay without P. Singing, Voting. Sister Margaret Sister Barton' said she had always ' , I all of "Welcome good '.meetings." tithing.-Sister Alright said she always paid her lieyed in and practiced the lav. of tiUr: Minutes of last meeting read and approved. and 'thanked her Father-- for .His She knew the Lord had sent v:,ny UX President Home said slit. was pleased to tithing, spirits in this age to fill the aspon see so many. present; that to come together blessings. Ilaite Sister spoke of the glorious work positions. to testify of the goodness of God, Was food Sisters Munn, Badger and Waterfall bore" in. Always felt blessed in We should set an example we are engaged to our spirits. and donations.. Said she faithful testimonies to the .tiutJi of y, tithing paying children. our before of patronage worthy was always pleased to present the Gospel work we are engaged in. us before were trials that of the all, Spoke Meeting adjourned for two weeks. to.. those who would accept it. ' for this is a day of proving. Spoke of the J. S. Voou.i;v, See. Sister Bateman said she Irnew .this" was trials of the er.rly days 111 Utah, and of the church of God," and thanked Him for .thankfulness of our hearts that we could the the privileges she had, for the Gospel and get away from wicked and deslgnhg men. the OLD FOLKS' DAY VAT PA ROT AX privilege of working in. the Temple, Kxhortcd us all to 'train our children by also testified to the truthfulness of the Pa rowan, July 3, attending to oui duties as we wish them to etc.; ' xjh of law tithing. do. Spoke of. the word of the Lord to Sister Cooper said she had always paid liditot Woman $ Ii.x pone 1 President Snow, that the people should pay and testified to the truth a full tithing, and of the blessings we an honest tithing Under the auspices of the Relief Sociav-oof the work. would receive if we would keep the comthis ward, "Old Folks' Day" wasu-llvSister Julia S. Woolley bore testimony mandments of God. These commandments tithing and standing firm for brated on the 29th of June; aiid we believe must be kept if we expect to get the bless- of the law of our aged fathers and mothers will l- .Refened to the great amount of tea the truth'. ings. of that' wordn Sister Parry spoke of tithing and the cherish the and coffee used in our State, and said how -event. At 2 p.. in. a feast .of choice variety obtained by keeping the wrong it must look to our Heavenly Father blessings was enjoyed; immediately after a creditable God. that we cannot let these, injurious articles A sister in the'eongregation spoke of the program was rendered, which seemed to alone. Said she had heard President Voting , . ADLES' ! . - Semi-Monthl- y 1:-- -- the-blessi- ng ! " l w thank-.THce,- ; : . l tt , -- -- -- 11 . ; . . com-mafidments- .cf ,f Ni ILKU Hi! .l. cannot . t UIIU V..1IIUUI Keep tt... 1 1 W OIU of Wisdom, go to help build up Jackson County." . Sister Barnes said she had been a long while in the Church, but she knew there was great room for improvement; that the Relief Society would grow and its good work increase. A sister in the congregation said she believed in the law of tithing, and that we would all be blessed in observing this law. Another sister spoke in tongues. Sister Zina I). H. Young gave the interpretation. The congregation then sang "Come let us anew." r Sister Julia C. Howe said those who are raised up to lead us are in the right place. bhe had always looked upon the law ot tithing as a test of fellowship; we should .teach our children to pay tithing. Spoke of Daniel's faith, amPUie wisdom he gained by refusing the food from the king's table and observing the laws of nature. Spoke of the trial it had been to her to stand up and bear her testimony, but how she had been greatly blessed in overcoming this spirit. Sister Liddle spoke of the blessings she had received, from the Lord and the blessings for observing the law of tithing. Sister Brown bore a testimony to the la w of tithing and keeping the Sabbatii day. Sister Barnes, of the nth ward, knew that we were richer when" we paid our tithing, we should always pay the best we have. She had followed outthe plan, and she knew the Lord had blessed her for it. oimci limuy oievenson spoke of the blessing of Relief Society work, what a benefit it is to the poor and sick and amicieu, ana me iaithtul workers that . . spirit she had been privileged' to enjoy, and said she knew it was- proper to pay an honest tithing. Spoke of the testimony of a young, man, who said that he owed his success in life to paying an honest tithing. Sister Ilofne said the Lord knows our weakness, He will be our judge. Spoke of the sin in breaking''the Sabbath day, and the temptations that were held out to spend - , this amusements.. day-i- Meeting adjourned for two weeks. SingBenediction by Sister ing, Doxology. Zina D.' Young. The Meeting convened as usual June 24, 1899 in the 1,4th ward hall at 2 o'clock. Sister Bathsheba W. Siuhh called the meeting to order.' Singing, "For the. strength-of the hills we bless Thee." Prayer by Sister Julia Howe. Singing, "0, say what is truth." Minutes of previous meeting read and approved. Sister Bathsheba W. Smith said she was pleased to be present, and felt that, this meeting was a school for the sisters; that .the Lord was always present; that we must be faithful and truestar enable us. to cope with evil influences. Thought thaT outside ot the sisters engaged 111 this work so much-lovdid not exist. Sister Julia C. Howe said she thought it very, necessary to have our "memories refreshed often, in regard to doing our duty; said she felt to honor her, parents for teaching her to honor God. She was taught the scriptures,- and when she heard the Gospel she was prepared to accept it. She it was necessary to hve humility thought in order to understand the GospeL Referred to the humility the Prophet Joseph Smith exviwLiut twelve u ievvaru. pressed in his prayer to the Lord the first A sister in the r- time he weht into the ' woods to i icaiipray. mony to the law of tithing. Spoke of hosv Sistei Brown thanked the Lord the adversary will' take advantage of us had given her a knowledge of the that He when we.neglect little duties. Gospel permitted her to work in .the Tempk Sister Sanders, said she had reotmf an vtestimrmTPti rrt miTTfrMVSS"" 2 ,. i: jug, and spoke of the good spirit that she j Semi-Monthl- y -- . . immensely please, those very agul and enfeebled,- who seldom get cut to public gatherings. Badges were presented by' the Relief Society designating the time spent by the wearer in this estate. Kaeh furrowd . countenance would involuntarily relax into a smile as the souvenir was fastened upon his breast, so gratified were they'ai every recognition of their old age. At the close of the program, cake and lemonade were served, when all those honored veterans were treated to a carriage drive. . As usual in our little country townsthe affair was finally crowned with a ball in the evening, where refreshments were again in ordert All over sixty were given complimentary tickets, and it was really surprising to 'see how many who bud passed the third score milestone vere: yet able to enjoy the pleasures of the ballroom.--. Thus ended a happy day, one that bad created new joys in many hearts who bad perhaps thought thev were "unlionored and an sunn--.Trnlv wp cannot devote " tod much time in making hapoy days for our aged ones. There are none who better appreciate our efforts, and none' to .whom we owe a greater debt. E. Crane Watonv- ' . " - As a result, of a series of divisions on the London government bill in the English. House of Commons recently, it was decided by 1 7q votes to 7 7 that women should not .be eligible to act as mayors of London. The question whether women should be qualified to sit as councilors was deferred, and will probably be decided in favor of the women.- -- Women are already serving acceptably as county councilors hi other parts of Great Britain,, and there seems flo reason why they should be excluded in .London.. .The men, 011 the London County CouneiLwish fbr'the; cperatiolifotseIlf and petitioned Parliament some ten years ago. to let women serve,: ; 