WOMAN'S"; EXPONENT. v pH : V4 7iYTT Tl TT r-- .1: ft Il .V7m tions for the rnasfcs aiiiLajnhi rtw.Vitv mnntv or stale wiiere oihl resid eS ' I humanity. ' Faith without works when, one is surrounued with dangers that threaten.' destruction; is not likely to be very efficient. TENDENCIESUOF THE AGK. water of muddy If a turbulent stream, V.J were leaping and raging in one s onward There never was a time in any iv. , out strike to hesitate not would was when there way one world a tendency to such in boldly to prevent 'its further progress, every' direction tol higher education and-iThe seemed manner possible. .whatever and wards progress development along tj,e women of today, who have agitated the lines of activity, practical, mental. srifnt; rights of the ballot see dark clouds in fic and inventive in mauy.and indeed in athe horizon of the future, in fact the turbu lmost all parts of the world.as at th present tremenis of making lent stream immorality One must be very wide awake to "keep in! dous- strides, shut one's eyes to the fact as formed even on the lines that lie most in acbe cannot work this all And one may. one's own practical way of -- thinking and foundthe where the 'fireside, at complished doing. ations are laid. Mothers teach virtue, hon-- " There is less awakenings in the spiritual in the home; and uprightness esty, integrity life of the neonle. the tendenrv ou rt 1 '"ut the boy or youth goes' out into society and material than otherwise; the money que, into the wide, wide world 'and what haption has se6miugJy swallowed up much of mothers Many broken-heartepens? the religious nature of the world at large;. know. It is not perhaps possible to have Wealth more than aught else is fast ban ideal civilization with all the adverse ecoming, if it has not already, th.emost. ofthe. agea..coinbatwithbut itis "potent Ixiflueulcenr- even religious circles. enforcetheir and laws better that possible Indeed money may be called the passion of ment might be beneficial, and certainly the the age as well as the ruling power, and experiment is worth trying. Women have "more's the pity, and pity 'tis that it is so." ideas of matters in business and domestic To be sure or some exchange of life that are helpful and acceptable to men, value or bartermoney is necessary in this workwhy may they not have practical ideas of aday world, when men and women have . 1 - Editor. KMMil LINE 2. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Uuh. Published Terms; 'one copy one yr.tr, $i. do; one copy six months, ;ocis. No redaction m.irfe tor clubs. City papers deliver by mail, e xtr.i for postage one year, 25 ct. n?es: Mich square, ten lines of nonpr.rril .nceone tvne, i, 50; per month, $3 00, A liberal, discount reuuhr advrrtiers. WMni-nwutU- ajof y, n Adv-rrtinir- Kxi'ONENT office, Room 208 . 1 Templcton, So utii Tem10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every ple Street. P.ui n'ss hours day, eicept Sund.iy. Address ill business communications to PUBLISH KR WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Enttrtd at ucoJ-ciS-i ' the Salt Lakr Citv, Utah. it Vfia in Salt f ait City Ut ik, as miner . d Salt Lakji Citv January 15, 1S99. - WOMEN IN THE LEGISLATURE. The, Legislature of Utah convened in the and County Building on Monday, January 9. Its ..members are nearly all Democrats, in fact all who have been elected from this county. It is a matter of unfavorable comment here and elsewhere that only one woman should have been elected this term. Dr. Martha Hughes Cannon in the Senate was elected two years ago and was fortunately "a hold over." It is strange and regrettable that in a state where there are nearly or quite as many women voters as men, that so few were nominated. It proves how strong the old traditions and prejudices are against' women in public life. At any rate women do not congregate upon the corners of the streets and other conspicuous places to talk politics and bet on elections or nominations. The two women who are at present members, are both very capable conscientious and well educated, and know something of Utah and its needs. They are equal in intelligence to the men; perhaps some members who 'have been in several successive Legislatures may be a little better versed in technicalities, but in the opinion of the writer these ladies know enough of Parliamentary usage to .preside over the House or the Senate and would give more grace and as much digMeanwhile we shall see nity to the office. City yet And they government and this niorbid craving for money, it seems to are not asking for the kingdom nor for the absorb every wholesome element in one's whole commonwealth, only to bhare 111 the .nature and change the entire character.j struggles for right and partake of its If a restraining influence could be benefits. brought to bear upon character -- thro' the Women are told by "the lords of 'creahigher thought and education of which we tion" to, be domestic and submissive like hear so much, that would tend to modiftheir grandmothers in the past, but they ication in this direction, what a different need to be reminded there were women world this would be. Out of all the sod in the past whose names are handed down eties and organizations for information and in history as illustrations, who rebelled for equalizing conditions , there seems against the injustice of the laws and condiforce as yet to tions as their descendants do in the present overthrow the strong enoughAre the peomoney power. day. ple about to succumb to a materialism that Read the early history of New England will tend to degrade and despoil the inherand you find many expressions of determined itance of virtue and true nobility that has been the proud boast of American civilizopposition to the existing laws. The mothers of the country surely have some rights ation ? that should be recognized more than they To guard against the spirit of extravahave been in the past. Abagail Adams of gance and luxurious living, even though revolutionary" fame, in writing to her husone has the wherewith to obtain it, is inband upon this subject ''even threatened to deed commendable, especially if the means foment rebellion unless the rights of her is used to build up industries that will gn sex were secured, and declared women employment to the workers who are comwould not hold themselves bound to obey pelled to live by wages, or salaries as the in laws had which no voice or any they case may be. Brigham Young's id easirrthis"respcct-wer- e T4ie selection-o- f what comejLtunaii. It is true women have influence in many a almost ideal. To live simply and to United States. Senator will be a problem directions, and yet the ballot is more potent devote means to industries .that fostering not easily solved where there are so many still, for it means power. It is not expect- would build up the community and lay a .candidates; and it may be a little difficult to ed that woman's ballot alone can revolutionfoundation for generations yet to come. or the choose from the num'ber, five already and ize the country, but the exercise of suffrage emigrants from other countries, that all V "a dark horse in the background, but in the hands of the best men and best wo- might have something to do. women as a rule have quick perception men must of necessity produce a manifest It is appalling to contemplate the future and are gifted with intuition and will most difference and a decided change a few genof young people reared in indolence and make few as mistakes as Men(Heaven erations hence, or perchance sooner; at any luxury, accustomed to the gratification of likely preserve them from making more.) ,At rate it is pleasant to hope so. $ut it will every want, and without of any of thought rate, the is trial in suftake moral courage to stand for the highest the sober realities of" life: living: for pleas- the any being made ... , . ,)A Kp frage states, though hardly a fair beginning ideals in government, though one cannot urn rri worn ever uic iuu inar. vanuy. syuuiu with so small a number, The-. women who but believe it helps even to work for better considered degrading is a mistake. That have the ballot should not hesitate to begin conditions, defeat and not success all are not adapted to the same sort of work at the beginning and attend the primary of may often though be the result, eventually the is true, and should not (in our parents their own ward or district in sufficient numwill right triumph if persistent warfare opinion) compel children to follow a pur bers to make themselves a, power and do is- against wrong suit that- is particularly distasteful. But it doing waged and mainsome of the nominating, .and until . they tained. there, could be something of a return to have courage to do this the cause will not The women of these intermountain states agricultural in this Western land pursuits have very great impetus.; . are privileged au no other women are, and it wnnlrl n n farmer t?ttoi-The "eternal woinanlv" so much oraised this appreciating they should also accept might .be a gentleman; subduing the earthy deters women from making very the it implies,' and carrv the - is a cornrnatiHiTiprii- dtirl ttirf i vet much to rapid 11 responsibilities . r strides towards a reformation in Duraen it sucli n be, hopefully and march politics. A . .. . be done in"thls; directi6hl i :r What are oui u :x e not u and on to victorv the trinmnh mf , womanly dignified in boys to do when they are grown ? is a any case to try and better the conditions of f wrong, light ovr darkness, better condi- - Mucauuu . 01 ten asKea ana seiuoi" law-making- ,? - ; ( . . - - . . 1 , - ' -- 1 ; v - 1 , j " 