WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 58 XADIES 'MATING MaeDomiell, niece to Mary is a skills! cricketer) Douglas, Hany, (who meethad the pleasure of The Meeting f Ronald, Hrian and dear little Jeffry. There Howit, ( nniltVii Sir loshua and Lady h in held the 14th ward Vdl, 1S99, is one daughter with an impressive counte Hunter and bv,siniriucr- "Come let us anew' - rl: nonce, .and fair Marjory,' ust blossoming into Pitch, Sir Robert. Counselor Klizjbeth Webb ' This charming girl, many other di.r.uguisiied jeopie. Sin young womanhood. the at was afternoon Thou One of sjent King pleasant kinSS," bubbling over with enthusiasm; artless (Wc.0 her and Waller he read and accepted. and 'guileless, was indeed refreshing' to garden jniiy given celebrated a Or. physician, husband," feel Waller, President Horne referred to a letter " re hold and oho could not help hut ears upon had received from Sister L. I). gret that custom makes'tbe, American chil l who, after leasliug' our eyes and Aldtr so diherent. It is true we would not ex- the varied entertainment and a stroll about England. She said the sisters fUre l0a 5 change our American girl after she lias the beautiful grounds, accorded us the hon: for tie day when they could co to 2io! entered her teens, for the girl oi any or of a glimpse into his laboratory. Thought it was sorrowful to see how Iit' the blessings bestowed upon us are appr The "At Hofue'of Mrs. nationality on earth but the ingenuousness which promoted Mariorv's answer. tint beloved philanthropist and physi- dated. The promise of the I id vvilhhe "I am going to lc a mother," when aktd cian o! note, was made particularly inter- - not be fulfilled to us unless we what she desired to be when she "grew eating by the presence ot Kev. in. ilowis commandments He has given. Spoke of American and daughter, Mrs. Charlick, Mrs. Mar- the Word of Wirdom, and the wonderful up," is raie all too .rare,--- in children. Marjory's respond involves shal!, M. i) ...and. Mr. Ayrton, the only blessings we were' to receive by observi more than individual sentiments; it exemw man who has read a paper telore the it. Referred to the wars, and how peace plifies the fact that the home is recognized Royal Society. being taken from the earth in the fulfilling not only as the basis of society, tbut tint it . So much for London homes; but that of prophecyr Spoke upon the law of is the ideal of English life. and womanhood. and the necessity of every man, woman afforded A was not enough. gl'hewas In their homes the care and worriment of of the country home at Weybridge of Mr. and child having their names 'upon the business is not carried; the appointments Charles Swinkru Eady, Q. C, and Mrs. tithing list. Said we should not .do as are conducive to "solid comfort:" the ancient Israel did, and rob God in tithes ard Mr. Eady was' one of three menEady. service-iskilled;, literaturejand art commin tioned for judge, and as he seemed to be offerings. We are prospered and blessed in w'lHle retinement and oyousness per- the choice, fie has, no, doubt, by this time every way, and do not appreciate the blesgle, vade thr atmosphere, rendering a happy ascended to that exalted Mr. sings. Felt all would be able to have a r positioji. freedom amid the old world conventionspirit at home if we would attend to our .Eady's home was once that oCthe Duke of alities. York, and it glories are commensurate to meetings. To descrile Mrs. Garrett's home in de- the Sister Jane James spoke in tongues ot such a personage. Its tail would seem sacrilege. Those who oaksrequirements and beaches are among the glories of it was interpreted. are familiar with the English home will Sister Martha Barrow bore a good testi 'Old Eagland." here is one great beach appreciate this glimpse; those who are not tree who.- trunk to be encircled requires the mony must rest content till an opportunity is The congregation sane: "The snirit nf of three, adults. The outer afforded them to learn for themselves, but clasped branches touch the ground and form shelter God like a fire is burning." must rest content in the belief that there lor President Bathsheba W. Smith said she many rustic seats beneath their mighty are hosts of other homes counterparts of shade. The house is not the original one. thought the sisters could meet together and this one, several of which are mentioned but built in Italian tin house of bring the spirit of. God with them; we can style, after . . . ' . . below, and to which Mrs. Garrett escorted lxium. I) . us spacious couris wun cnamoers take it home with lis, or wherever we po her guest, who was an invittd speaker. in all directions; adorned with and be "benefiting each other. "Was glad the Congress, and thus escaped the duties spreading and supplements the she was acquainted with the Prophet devolving upon a delegate ard was left paintings lequisite to this house of Joseph, his wife Emma and his brothers free' to attend public functions or obtain a appointments wealth and culture. Mr. Lady, takes much and sisters; she knew he was a prophet of glimpse of English home and social life. It pride in his iruiteries, and well he may , God. Said she wanted to keep her record is neeaiess to say tne latter was chosen in The great vines under cover laden, with clean and keep all the commandments of almost every instance with the exception of muscots, hambunrsor God. the receptions given by Her Majesty, the nectarinespeaches, Counselor E. said she had figs, as the case may be, are all evidences Queen; that of Lady Aberdeen; at the In- ot the Referred to her trip luxury m this beautiful. home. This been greatly blessed. stitute of Water Colors; that of Lady Waraffable and entertaining, was to Summit Co., and said that the sisters ' wick, and that of the Pioneer Club.. As an gentleman aichircct of these fruitenes. This hap there enjoyed a visit from the sisters here, escort this Knglish hostess proved so wise the and agreeable that her guest was quite py home is presided over by Mrs. Eady, a and how they wished to come and visit the charming young wile, '"'"hospitable and cor- Temple. Exhorted all to be honest with willing to say, when asked her approval of dial, who has graced the home with a each other and with the Lord. Thought it plans for her entertainment and pleasure, lour years of age and the a privilege to pay tithing. "Whither thou, goest, I will go," then it daughter, now r a! r eniDcdimeut ot daintiness,. little Miss Dora- Keuixuici uorns oisier uarina"i. was that the first glimpse of a sanjr nn.J of Israel," and a sister in the congregation social nature was received at the Pioneer thy. In all the round of pleasure the inner bore her testimony. Club. Sister Dakin spoke of her trials, and how This is the leading club for women man was not neglected, though little need she was trying to feel "Thy will, not mine, in London. It has a capacious mansion be said on that score, for everyone-wh- o Knows : anything- - of English' life." knows be done," and believed she was learning in Grafton Street for its home.' .Its drawing room, library, music loom, refectory that eating and tea drinking is never the lesson. scorned. Sister Witdsoe snoke nf how the Lord had and, last," but not least, its smoking-roomare all suitably equipped. The program was Between times places of interest were blessed her in days that are passed; now admirable and the occasion enjoyable. Many visited that need not be enumerated here she had received visions and dreams for her of our Alluded to the w'atch-carAmerican women added interest to the excepting to say that' Hyde Park was seen benefit.entertainment. The following were in all its natural and fashionable glory, and Heavenly Father. Sister Sarah Bateman felt thankful that among the notable English women: Miss as the season had not yet ended, it w'as a thi Lord had lengthened her days, and that Lilly Hanbury, Lady Elizabeth Cust, Miss sight never to be forgotten. she was privileged to work in the Temple. Chapman, (a writer) Mrs. Sib- There are other phases of London life She was the only one oh either her father s uiiut uiwwmi ij. neien veoi. some to he deplored, some to be iuuijj, pitied, or mother's side to 'do Temple work. Madame Sterling, Miss Pendliugtoiv Miss be scorned and some to be consoniep Sister Almeda S; Young alluded to Query, Miss Pelham and the lion. Marie demned but can efface nothing the memDavis. the. teachings of Prophet Lorenzo Snow, ory of the ideal. home. English ' in paying our tithing the earth would As the days slipped by, the reception Cork elm S. Robinson, - that be consecrated for our sake. given by the Pioneer Club was followed by ' Sister Horne said those who do not pay "At Homes at the following: Mr. and Mrs. Henry Fawcett, authors of the well their tithes and offerings, this land cannot "Are ycu the defendant in this case?" be a Zion unto them. known book eti "Political Ecouom v." both asked the judge sharply. "No, Sah," anL. L. D's. of note. Mrs. Fmvrm xVic v.Meeting adjourned for two wees. sing mild-eyeswered tne prisoner. "I has a ing, Doxology. sisted by M Lss A guesGar re 1 a id Miss Prayer by President hired to do lawyer de defendin'. Fawcett. Another "At Home" was, given man dat I's de Horne. done stole de ahticles" J. S. Woolley, Sec SEMI-MOKHL- by Mr.--. Y Q. wlu-rew- e Semi-Mouthl- w-- i y ft-jin-d - by-Mrs- . ! . Garrett-Anderso- n, t . tith-in- s bet-te- - 1 - ha-iU-s T -- . I 1 i bric-a-bra- c . A. semi-publi- c - . s e - well-know- n -- I " ' ' . ! . . - d 1 ! ! . ' '. ' , g 