notfoundV resist their entreaties; killed. Some said, "No they Klder Moses delivered a lecture on me boys were Have we not prayed that doctrines of our Church, to which the are not killed. all our lives might le .preserved i . Alter strangers listened with, apparent interest. returned a live, to Now at "the base of the mountains, of a length of time the boys of the whole company. TheY tre-s- . the What joy great immense with covered rocks, I.i'i'mifit imagine. Not were good Spanish boys. To : continued. Seven miles the least apjejranee of soil. we traveled through the canon a road No person of. too' intolerable. PRIMARY ANNIVERSARY AT MURRAY. a lor looking at the opening would suppose Minutes of the first annivtrsiry of the moment that, wagons could pass without Cottonwool But West Side Murray, being broken in ten thousand pieces Association, Ik Id June y. iSuu, at we came over safely, not a thing broken. In crossing a bridge where the water was the West Side school House. rrt Muem .uaij i Oil III' Mail' t rMl ,l..,,r running very swiftly, one of the cows fell of the off and floated down the river as fast as the were Counselor Thomas A. Wheeler, current could carry her. The men ran Bishdpric, Sunday School .Superintendent Canul'a C. with' a lariat, and hauled her out badly D B. Jones," Stake President M.nrv -I. - ' Moms, riouiem L,UUU VVliil v w . bruised. Counselor S. h. Jones oi July 6th. Now over the first mountains. M. K. Gilbert,a number of aids, and (officers To describe the roads in justice would be West Branch, impossible. Snow, rocks and mud, per- of other associations. to order by Counselor Meeting was called pendicular heights, declivities deep and from Primary hymn yet we got safely over, .with S.E. Jcr.es. Singing " Praver bv Broth- w.v rJn1K' o only a few trifling accidents. I rode .up utjub, v j w . y door the mountain on horseback; with great ex- er I). B. Jones. Singing, "Open the ertion I clung to the horse.' I rode down for the children." Minutes of the organizain the wagon, which fatigued me more tion meeting read and accepted.. An interesting program was then very than walking would have done. Is it possible ihi' men can. love gold to that degree creditably rendered by the children, after that they wiil climb these mountains to ob- - which remarks were made by President C. tain it? Oh. I pity the poor cattle ! How C. Cobb, who spoke upon the ancient of the faithfully they serve men, who are often church as it existed in the days She encouraged Savior and His Apostles. unkind to them The 6th day. Now on the top of the the children to have perfect faith in God. Counselor Mary L. Morris, the next, traveled over snow in The wind is speaker, called the kindergarten class to some places thirty feet deep. of blowing a heavy gale, cold as Greenland. the front and told them an Indian" story the cliff dwellers; also told the story of The rows are left behind, a sad mistake. ' The th day. Rumbling down the Moses in a pleasing, manner. Counselor T. A. Wheeler spoke a lew aiDuntauis all day; had to lie in bed sick; Said that all should realize the I hope I may moments. was not able to sit up. never pass another, such day. importance of training the young people in Urged the The 8th day. One of the horses gone. the straight and narrow path. Oh, the crowds that throng this highway, parents present to aid the officers in the going in search of gold! Crowding about Primary Association. our wagons to be fed. We must feed them, The meeting adjpurned until 2 o'clock either for pay or without. They must .p. m. Singing from card, "Word of Wishave starved to death had we not been dom." Benediction by Ray Williams. here with provisions; and we only brought Afternoon session opened, by singing ' what we thought would serve us through." from Primary hymn book, VI think when I wonder our stores-ar- e not exhausted. I read that sweet story "of old." Prayer by Today passed "Tragedy Springs," where Counselor T.A. Wheeler. Singing, "Beauthree men on their way to Salt Lake were tiful Zion." murdered by Indians for their horses and A lengthy and interesting program was clothes. LThey were found and buried by then carried out. Brother D. B.1 Jones their comrades, who in a few days over- spoke eloquently upon the work of the A bag of gold was found on Primary. took them. Said let the foundation for life of neck the one, which the Indians in their be laid broad and deep; that this end canhad not discovered. It was taken to not be attained but by divine aid, which fright the man's family, and great lamentation must be earnestly sought for. Exhorted was made over him who had toiled to gathall to be obedient and speak kindly of all. er the gold. Their graves are now a spring Stake Aid Millie Bassett spoke lovingly of clear water, and carved on the trunk of to the children, and told a beautiful story a large tree is the account of their sad fate. which charmed her hearers, both old and Many travelers there pause to gaze upon young. the spotp read the inscription and sigh Stake Aid Mary Tuddenham spoke a few over the sorrowful fate of their fellow men! moments on the necessity of. baptism when The spring thus derives its name, Tragedy. children were eight years of age or over. The 9th day. This morning the men President Mary L. Rawlins, of South started in pursuit e lost horse. They Cottonwood Relief Society," said she was soon got on the track of Indians. to meet with They pleased the officers and chiltook the squaws prisoners,, hoping the dren of the West Branch Primary; and to Indians would bring back the horse. They see so many of the parents present. were ensconced in the brush; the white President Howarth of the Tenth Ward men dared not venture in. The two association spoke a few kind words to all. ish boys well armed rushed down. SpanOne President C. C; Cobb gave some valuable old Indian pitched "battle with them; they instructions, thanked the sisters from the w ait!, HtJ iii.ll Where screaming; the squaws cried bitterly. Four also told of an iucident connected with guns were heard at camp; the white men Brother James E. Talmage on the healing. returned; the boys were left behind; horses President E. Terryj of East Draper feed them, cannot Primary, blessed the children, and b .j Then we felt sure the poor - . i . . o-think -t- Pn-mar- S-utt- they would become good men and woln. en. At. President C. C. Cobb's request Broth, ers 'iVV. Wheeler and D.B. Jones v; ointtd President Mary K. Gilbert for the :cstora, lion of her health,, and asked the hildrtu for their faith in her behalf. Meeting adjourned for one year. Sing, jug ."We thank Theer 0 God, 'for a prop?, :. ct." Benedictionby Agnes K. II. Lvo;; i i Stio-mes- y 1 -- Pr.-.iMl- i. t rilnr daii-erou- s; Mi-etin- i' ., . ! second-mountain- ; . - . ' REAPERS' CLUB. The Reapers' Club met in the Hx;onknt office, Templeton. on the 2jth of May. A very interesting paper was read by Mis. C. T Trescottf on "The Ancient She aKo Ruins f Copau in Honduras." spoke of those at Quirigua,' and th tablets She said hat the found at Palanque. ancient Toltecs, who formerly dwelt in i were considered from it.forma. tion contained iii a manuscript- to have descended from the house of Israel. The club also met on the 12th of June, Mrs. and listenedo a very good paper-bJ. Druce on "The Ancient Races thatonct Inhabited Mexico." She stated that the Mayas were the oldest of known American races, and their settlement in this country seemed to date so far back that only some the re. riVntifir diseoverw trrp-j- - J or nerhans 4 vealed key to. decipher the hieroglyphics which are found among the ruins of their ancient cities, could open up the mystery 0! . meir origin. The Toltecs are of later history,-thougthey may have descended from the Mayas. The Toltecs are said to have been a mild, ' peaceful, active and industrious people, who had a knowledge of the arts and sciences. They understood astronomy, knew the cause of an eclipse, made and , etc. The Aztecs, who used succeeded" them in the Mexican valley, after the country had leeu deserted by the Toltecs, were a fierce and warlike race. These papers were followed with a by members of the club. A. Druce, Cor. Sec. . . Mexico, - t J ,.N-"V 1 - t sun-dials- d;s-cussio- - of-th- . . - . ..v..- -. - itMllse n J. NOTES. ! . 1 All our readers will be glad to know that Mrs. Caroline E. Merrick, the pioneerat times suffragist of Louisiana, voted five and the recent election once for herself, four times as proxy for other women. Mme. man's on behalf of the WoPeace Association, has Zolenka, International of U presented to M.vde Staal, president bound conferencefCa;.handsomely album containing peace, petitions women's organizations eighteen peace ntries. ' "- -. honl cou- ."- of the b d- Annie Marian MacLean, iversity of, Chicago, through interest in tte. work of the Consumers' League, .became saleswoman foi two weeks, u"n!t,' Christmas .holidays last year, "V0?. great department stores. She has publish her experience in the American Jow n? Sociology fox last month, and it is in tne cmcago unity, xlis a rep. nnen'i-v' painful reading-- , andsh it they (w 01 inose women wno inmiv .,11 have incidentally all. other women) the rights they want. " -- 1 