womanvs EXPONENT. Woman's Exponent. ( Mispress. esisieuse ' ' " ;W.A Tcfno: 50 or,r'-o;-- r-iU- S.itt L.tkc : en- - v .tr, m ;.!.' No t.y ipail, cxlr cts en-- nr.u,i,' ji. f.r j. .t ' ! t.,r e The opening of Stafford . t. House--, G:y, Uuh. months. (My j aj rrs tJchv ye.r. 25 c!;. t-- n Uei ' Kibe'; are dointrO nicelv: fit' i J t th Qjj proud as can be, and justifiably ;rj, little "Cannons" are as bright a:;'l Un d date additions to the general's familv ment as any. onecould desire, avd froli present indications will grqw rq uy valuable and honoied members of Utah's , for many years of futuic uscfiii: ness and progress. May they liw t InU the most ardent, loving wishes - f their , v nonjaricl f . . '2-tt:ri- e 1 !.!$ , 1:1. ha-un1- . itconJ-d.ii- t- - hero-band- i Mr-,- . M' C . 1 .1.. C i S . : 1S50. For the first time in my life life. f r. ml on ocean-childre- - spy-glas- . world-love.- " " 7 - mj:atitaioiiMere-aTi- s my life. I called on the Klders to administer to me, which they did, and from that hour my darkness fled; I was relieved in body and miiid As we drew near the island where we ! ! e n, - d for-som- Two or three times a flying lish deck was dressed and cooked for n:j: the sweetest morsel I tasted on the voyage. The weather was fine, a few 'days' head wind was all the difficulty we had to encounter; and had it been possible for me to have shaken off my seasickness,, I should have passed the time pleasantly.' We onthe pas spoke an American whale-shicame on board with his The captain sage. little daughter, six. years of age, a very His wife, who was sailing pretty child. witii him, had given birth on board ship to twin boys, then ix months old. The captain from his vessel held them up to our view. We praised the beauty of the and hoped he might carry them safely to the end of the voyage! Five days before we reached Tubaui we saw the Pamutus at a distance. and saw We looked through a cocoanut trees. Hope began to sprmg.iip in my heart that the voyage would soon be Two days before we landed I had a over. fainting spell, the most severe I ever had in p - ll I took food .as a medicine, .forcing-it down nauseous draught given to save my - -- i as-i-ivnr- idr . ltn-- on the Sh :..'v Continticd. ' "four-wheeler- far-fame- - J " A f A WOMAN MISSIONARY. Mrs. A'ddison. Pratt- - - e.v .where women in this very exclusive country r.,1 diswhere ' the li nes 'of class distinction are so j.oo. A Un stoonzlv marked. To describe all this, or ' .South T lcdm-2'rn;.!e TrmjvVton, Kxi'osr.s Auc'r, even a' small part of it, would take more-timm. hour from 10 a. fury ,' than the writer can give while here; . xtept ::.. !.ty. that must come afterwards. "iiif;in:;ir.i! i.s to Addreii The reception at Stafford House was J'. 1!. WT.IJ.S, Monday, June 26, from 9 to 12 p. m. The Sm.t1.akk CM V, 11 AH. magnificence of the house is bewildering in to such splendor. iv 1 fh at its effect upon one new ..."', t '..;.. Ci Surrey House reception, given by Lady tutter. Battersea, was on Wednesday, 9:3010 12 Lord Battersea received with his p. m. 1, Sam Laki. Cli'v, Uiail, A wife.The house was more antique than that of Stafford; the affair was, however, IN LONDON. ABROAD quite as brilliant. Saturday afternoon, July 1, 4:3.0 to 7, Here we are in London, Kngland, havat Ijulham Palace given by ing escaped the perils of the great deep, garden party the Lord Bishop of London and his wife, This palace is four thunder and lightning, both at sea and on Mrs. Creighton. land, as well as the noise and various other miles' drive from Hyde Park, coiner, inconvenicnces.am1 landed safe at Liverpool though it is also ceached by district railand reached destination alone alter arriving way and Putney omnibus. Other official entertainments come next at'Kustis station: Mrs. Gaffuey, the only week, of which we hope to write later, if " one we really knew, going off in a to the Hotel Cecil, and the wiiter we survive the excitement. We are constantly being asked if the to the Westminster. Rain pouring dow n in torrehts,but the very ideaol driving through meetings of the Council and the various Congresses come up to our expectations. the streets of this iamous city, and catchWe can an'swer both yes and no some are ing a glimpse of the House of Parliament and Westminster Abbey would compensate wonderful, and all have some excellent features, but there are also some things not for anything, unless an earthquake or cyclone. Kmotiou, sentiment, "every mental reaching the highest standard of excellence. and spiritual seuse awakened to its highest, And although- there are on all occasions from twenty to thirty reporters at the tables activity; tears as well as rain were streaming down, and it was well for the moment reserved for,- them, yet the London papers to be alone. Indeed it seemed good to be give very meagre accounts of the proceedalive, and it 'was not necessary to pinch ings, or even of the official receptions. There are so many great meetings and one's self, as a friend since remarked she had to, to realize the fact of tin actual livin great occasions of various kinds in this city of the world, that even an personality,' possessed of heart and brain. International Council and Congress of Wo"If thui liat nt the tender liearMhrob.ji'tvin, men from many countries is only one Proclaiming kiiln of a Parliament among the many assemblies. Tlum hat not lived," is .drawing to a close and the intense interThere are no words to express the deepest of the British empire must centre more est ern'otiou awakened in one, of a truly particularly there,' as well as with the great sympathetic fecliug for all delightful things banking and, commercial welfare of the existing in nature and the great world. land, so far as newspapers are concerned. Westminster Abbey two minutes walk We have not yet visited 42 Islington, from the hotel, think of it and all the Liverpool, though we anticipate doing so; time in view if one looks out. of the winbut today we have been to the dow; also the great Parliament clock, called of the Blders in London. We headquarters attended fast here "Big Ben," so one can always know at 2 ifi in . meeting p. Myddleton Hall, a the correct time. Yet, in a way, we" have very nice, comfortable meeting room, not a minute to do dny thing outside of the where several of our party bore testimony. Council and Congress, and so many meetIn the evening meeting we were privileged ings are heldnt the same time that the puzto partake of the sacrament, .and had the zle is which to attend. Hut one can only opportunity of speaking again to a much get into two meetings in the same morning larger congregation. After meetirg we or afternoon, (not even the reporters unless talked with the president of the Conferthey are fleet of foot) because the distances ence and of the branch about organizing a are too great frOm one place of meeting to Relief this-wiSociety; possibly be accomanother, but7 usually two are held in one plished the during present week. There -- buildin;,foinstauc;-inHheiarD:e"la1 was a. branch of the Relief Society here V estminster 1 ow n laU,nd the Small years, but it has died out for want of Hall, and the same is true of some other proper understanding and on account of buildings; yet when there lVa business or the We found executive session, those of us who have a president's delicate health. very good spirit prevailing in the meeting the privilege of attending' know where we and among the brethren and sisters of the must go. The entertainments "are certainly a branch, though it is difficult to' understand why people .who have been many years in very great feature of the International the Church do not have an ardent desire Council. Concerts and theatres fade into o .r Adv.nl. 'jr. t.Wes: ll.ih .ice one t.m Jrs':. ;'." mur.tfi, count rr'i:!.!' .. "cannot refrain rum The Kx l'ONJ-N- one is received by the Countess of Aber"and deen, the Duchess of Sutherland Countess of Warwick, all. three, is indeed a .rcmaikable thing for any organization of clu'-s- , o,-;- CONGRATULATIONS. insignificance in comparison to receptions one might given by the ilitc of London, or, of the say, ' of dhitish nobility to members . expected to land, the children began to It never talk of meeting their father. once occurred to them there could be a disappointment at hand. Frances, our second daughter, had often been sad on the way. She would frequently retire to some secluded corner to indulge in silent reveiies. When the ship hove in sight of Tubaui.' ner countenance changed. Un tne 10m 01 October she was constantly on deck look ing towar.d the desired harbor, her counThe tenance brightening every moment. e wind was contrary for a whole da'y. s looked through a and saw cocoa-nu- t trees. We strained our eyes to catch a spy-glas- UJJV VI x JUIUVIUIII W . tVlf nil t,rAf J 1, .,.tl "T,4fVi tie wllPH fffi lauded. Nothing could we see rese mbling human life. The great cocoanut trees towered their majestic heads far above the m horizon, and their long branches waved the breeze ! 1 But lilie. imngl. being5jv I shrubbery which grows so luxuriantly pve 