WOMAN'S .KXPONKNT. ,:!SrEK.'KLIZAUEni STEVENSON. r mu;;: in- s . these- circumstances, the professional 'wife depute the majority frien-lah.! h. domestic I in .duties .1 as and others, matter of justice her hi;-.- .nd, this faet.should be VelillV M hand, t.me-- . clearly tear ''undymtoo'l before marriage, so that Hie sh'uM be a lair one. Marriage is a eh'.x ?!iie:i'i!'r.s Imu:', 'thy Soul I ttailract, and should carrv with it a sense of mitt. vil obligation; but too often the 'ren :: fi'iea.1, many mile, awa.y, ..oU ahove. and for thv .::iN!t ;.. ciprocity has be en 'all on one side.' The man v governed, the Vomair ha served, and, ht.lv mds of love and f.dii; r!ivi:i" in theof Ul it h'.'.it a:rl huge majority ever near ; marriages, loth pa: ties have enjoyed this well defined posimutt.-- life we t'.r f.:;'!ly cl: :!.;, tion. Bui it is the fact that women enjoy I'it'rn--i; faith u!'h:es their seivitude that is the chief difficulty in iaising the ideal of marriage in the public , at Hifvet, our t'ru t wil'i Hi, a " mind. receive i i: h!e. a;! is Mihit we are forced to realize that the woman, .however highly cultivated aiid '. mnnv h trur.ed, is constituted by nature a creature "::..:'!. tl1r.11v.-5km a :i tat ti'(v f.'i infinitely more delicate nervous organi-- . ati!-:t!;au u man, and that it is impossible v. 'u. w , ,:.: for her to bear the nerve-straiof house- v.ile and breadwinner.' Such a strain 'ri:h voc. to would speedily spell nervous exhaustion, ! ;, L:w.it ha !!..,-..- . I. .the r: :v.::;,r and iti.able nrrsery in domestic life. As I have -- said;- no m m would attempt to do . the victorv ..'del: j . of-her- L ; I'-- ; ; j- com-...pa'- t- - in i i , : ', ; . ! t - au-S- t .t - - , ,v i -- ; 1 - ; 1 a;-- . t ' 1 -. i hi-oira- 1 : . ti. '. , n !;:-C"'.- : '.e-ee- ' i'ah. ; WHEN HAVK TIME. I , ' , ; ' v.aii. v time, the friend love t tn.:v ur.g ,a s ary, " In nhv.ivs. feet pleasant path-Lvr heart with wonUui p;ire. i ? vt I . have lime. ! i.:tvc time? The. fr.V'vlyou : bU m d-- j a: the reach of all your sweet intent kram that y.m so kindly mean: life A'ilh sweel. content, When ytii: ha time.. r j ! 1 j Ah. friend,. no longer veail and u rd l eh' er wt'i'vc lives ;uv )Mv i!;;ir( need vu hi the far-oyear ."uw, is the time l',i ji ittn li'iir ('r)i. time-- ! ' j : a.vlng smiles J t- - !V TM-t- " j i -- '' ! . i j MRS. BEDFORD FEN WICK. ! Discission: "The effect upon Domestic Life of the Kntry of Women to the Profes; sions." Mrs. Bedford Fenwick: '"The first question which it appears to me is ra- iby Mrs. Fenwick Miller's admir able paper is: 'Does the wife who is engaged in professional work make for the i- of the. home. ? Cud, in consequence, she,.' or is she not, of benefit to the nation ?' Mrs. Miller seems inclined to answer Hie question in the affirmative, and mhisview I would coidially agree, although, at the same time, it must be generally realized that outside professional work j j I gorxl , . is . somewhat inconsistent with-the idea of the domestic life of the housewifeIt must be regarded that the professional wife cannot slt c two masters. If she 'attempts to perforin so impossible a task she will fail in her duly to both. However "well cultured old-fashion- -- - :. aun-.questionab- ed le ker brain,. however well trained her faculties may be, the average woman' cannot be at once the successful professional worker, and the 'mother and No s Se shoulu attempt to combine such di- factions. To succeed in any profession in these days of keen competition home-maker- - : ' ities equal to those given to her brothers, and by skilled teaching, be enabled to earn her bread in that branch' of labor for which she shows inclination. Should she ever be thrown upon her ovn resources, she will Such a then be safe and independent. trained ami. skilled worker, may, or may. not, elect to. marry, but should it- seem good to her so to do, she will, at least, be well 'equipped to aid her husband by her re-earnings, or not, as circumstances may j quire. It is by the realization that Duty is the great law of life, that humanity will pass through the siages of evolution and attain the highest sphere of being. "The effect upon the home life of indi-- I viduals, and. in consequence, upon the national life, of whether a woman is em- -j in ployttl after marriage in domestic arts.will professional duties or in public work, of depend largely' upon the circumstances her environment, upon the spirit in which she performs her duty. It may be her the special duty to give up, after marriage,an honorable nrt- hv which she has earned conlivelihood, or it .may be her duly to tinue it. Duty must determine the result 'in every case. The ultimate effect upon domestic life will be the result of the man, in' which each woman faces and performs her individual duty in the body On any other basis, domestic life politic will be, a has always been,: and always see the increase of failure.Jfvery day we 'toleration in the public mind, on what is kiiowiiVas the 'woman question, and the are only one dornei relations of the sexes of the development of this question, : "''Itbw Tar the marriage relations can.stand IhV strain of .economic equahty-- np toother be value-rem- ains equality is of any woman will, seen- and whether the average 'the responsibility,- which the claim 'for equality will 1 am incnneunu imu T,rt tr. cpen. . 77 .... not 00 so.. ... n safely leave to her- : - is ! -- nr - JLID- - rmeilt 0 every power of brain andJx dy which one Under may possess. . ' "Kadi girl should be atTorded opportiin- - I i When "'V wives. I ... e e i : ' : ;Strtnudrrand;ir-iniBt';norbe"e-xpect- any woman. Let us own at once that wifehood and .motherhood are recognized as privileges, duties and joys by the average To woman. just to our daughters, let them be 'taught from their youth up all the dainty arts, and some of the crafts, which go to make good' mothers and worthy many tl.ines I'll !. ';fe hap;i. r and more .''air t.oV.v.va'a care ,i 4. c lives arc cr.n.'de ' '. m fr t:..'r ';;': V"he:i I have time. v .:. " .Kr't.r-fi.vSr- mr; I ' ::i!'i-'vc!- e time, . "c i would say to meie man, 'Don't marry her.' .Too many martyrs have already been r.icrificed on the .altar of Genius, anil the average women have heed of.her. The exceptional-womais instinct with irrepresMble devotion Cause; with a big C, which it is her duty to further, irrespective of every individual consideration. With Mrs. Fenwick Miller I am loath to deprive the nation of the motherhood of the intellectual woman. of the fittest as propagator of in the species the animal and vegetable is the aim of the agricultural kingdoms, and horticultural .breeder. Why riot also of .the humanitarian ? But it is the physical, the 'pure, blood strain, the perfection of form and coloring, which is considered in the development towards perfection in those kingdoms. And intellectual force is a strangely elusive quality: science has not to propayet demonstrated that it is possi! gate it through prearranged phvbc unions rather we have come to speak of individual talents as 'gifts,' and we have not k n o w ed g cby yet attained to "die scientific ' ' r I treed t heg real art i st o r w li icli we may In conserving the purity of the human physical forces we may add one quota to the higher development of the human race beyond, we must be grateful for the 'gifts' the gods give us. They have given the average woman a keen I think sense of duty and love of home. we' may trust her not to sacrifice the sub. stance for the shadow.'.' own' I devicesonly -- The-'selecti- to-so- ou 1 1 law-give- r. RECEPTION AT STAFFORD HOUSE. .On the evening of June 26th the official reception of the International Council took Nearly one at Stafford House. thousand guests were present, of whom the The guests great majority were ladies. , place were welcomed by the Duchess of Slither-- land and the Countess of Aberdeeji. They formed a harmony in black and white have attracted the admiration of.Mr. Whistler, the Duchess wearjng a lovely gown of white arpe dc Ussc, adorned with .bands of blue and silver passementerie, with diamonds in her hair and on her neck, while - the Countess of Aberdeen was in 'black satin, richly trimmed with jet, with Later in pearl and diamond ornaments. the evening they were joined by Lady Warwick, who wore a beautiful costume of white satin embroidered with silver, and a diamond tiara. Mr. Among the delegates present.perhaps from China, who wore and Mrs. Sh.-ntheir national costume, attracted the most attention. On all sides were to be seen ladies who had taken a prominent share in different .brandies of philanthropic, educational and political work.. Lady- Dufferiu was present in black satin and lace, Mrs. Mrs. May Creighton, "Lady Wimborncy of Faws-leWright bewail, Lady Knightly,Antoinette Mrs. F. A. Steele, Madame was Sterling and many more. Music all pro, the vided by a Hungarian band, and rooms opening on to the gallery were thrown open to the guests. of life was Perhaps the strange irony never more clearly shown than by the fact that , this great gatheringnof women should have taken place on the very night when of the sex in England were being deprived one of the powers which they exercised to that-woul- -- . . , - y, . mostdvatitage, -- Daily Chronicle..- - , . 