comeback to help others. He had aid After we were out pi u,,. to he angry. ti the ,tcr it began to ram severely v ratlcs-ai- ul a liotlior camped travi ,t.ihrec fair for e heard 's to wait wither. ;;i . 'in s j j ; dta.,-- ort trav u,, : Hall in Westminster the Large Town Hall. ' The.. Profession d Sect Ton uliieh will hold fifteen meetings in the Council. II. ,' k,,-- Who can the ? Jiv in the. time cross did not right Ve came to Bear river; found President With Clafk's company watting for us. the cattle over; cam jH.d Teat exertion we got uU the bank. Ti:- 13th day we crossed Malad creek, the most intolerable places my eyes one Cattle and men up to their ever beheld. back in mud for twenty rods and more. What a woild is this thought I. Men will travel over it, however impossible it We got out of the mud in ,iv vccui to be. I have a 'and. piled themon our at h-camped at two o'clock. bedheads; by that I before to aversion means night, The same camping got 'safely through. great 'a when Vell feel drive 1 of one. good the Indian day's canii' day boys belonging to the company put a can of powder into my has not' been accomplished. . In the afternoon the company was organ-izedstove. Not for mischief; but coming in ljom hunting, the stove being tied pn the passing resolutions to keep the day, likewise to have morning and outside, he thought to remove it as om as he forevening prayers. II. Clark was president; we came into camp, but, v Wre have got it. I i)uilt my fire and W. Huntington, counselor. put my kettle in the camp-- two violins and a llute. on. nti-iOnce I removed the kettle, aiyl leanLides there are many singing birds in this ing over, stirred the fire. My cow was An impicssion country, which delighted me very much. grazing a little way oil. Now twenty four miles from Bear river, a ca.ie'to me, as if some one had whispered, Sister C. Crosby "Walk out where your cow is and look at hills.and dales. phcof As we her.".' did so, and while I was .standing and I walked out among the hills. were returning-- two bullets whistled by our there I heard a report like a cannon. fired. bead-- ;, we started with fear We came to returned immediately, found my over 'the top of a covered wagon. It camp; found Hanks and Moses had been firing sMiiis for snort.' not knowing ah "v one was crushed as with a sledge hammer.: My had gone out. .They were admonished to kettle was set upon the ground badly he mere cautious. The evening was spent bruised. The boy was severely repriin singing hymns and spiritual songs. manded, and I had serious reflections the The fact of my beHow comforting- to have prayers in this remainder of the day. What an idle life to ing warned to walk away from the spot an loiHy spot of earth ' caused me to And vet no other instant before the exp'o-aonfrUvl nv ti'im; would do so well on such roads.. I gaze realize that a protecting care was held over around me; see the wagons all corralled; me, and that my guardian angel must have cattle lying down at night. Scenes of other been verv near me, for which I felt thank- ful. Some there were who, felt as I did, divs come vividlv to mind.' What wander The more were serious over the affair. ing pilgrims we have been The 8th day traveled twenty miles; giddy. portion were disposed to ridicule the I walked alone; effect .it' 'had upon me, and in their camped at three o'clock. would laugh at the idea of being From climbed upon a huge pile of jeeks. solemn at the instance of so marvelous an their heights I had a full view of the surrounding .country. I called to" mind the escape. To lapse of ages those cragged rocks 'had 'remained there They were covered with moss of various colors. I examined every INTERNATIONAL COUxMCIL. part of them with intense interest. I gazed toward. ; the valley, where I had left the I) ATI S AND DiSTKIBUTIOX OF MEKTINGS.Saints:' an ardent, desire sprang up in my ' The meetiniis will ""'open on Monday, heart that I might live to return to them. and will conclude The 23rd, on account of the Cazyer river June 26th; at 2:30 p m., with a session conbeing- too high to be forded, we had to go on Wednesday, July 5th, around the mountains. We came to camp vened at 10 a. m. The latest revised notes of the program at four o'clock; called the place City Rocks. that there, will. be five sessiomrof the We z went out on an exploring excursion; show TetUr!.--rfnt?criifr1 hut murli amused. The International Council, as follows: beaut! ful white rocks resembling marble Monday, June 26th, 2:30 p. m., in the Hall, Westminster Town Hall. made ;;s wish they were in some location Large '"Wednesday,' June ,28th, 10 a. m., Counwhere they could be made available. cil Chamber Westminster. Hall 2ist, We haveTbeen traveling over June 29th, 10 a. 111., Large-HallThursday, scenery most the delightful day, , Westminster Town Hall m) eyes have ever beheld. Ridges of hills 0r all sizes and Tuesday, July 4th. 10 a. m., Large Hall, shapes, variegated with Town Hall. shrub ery, cedar. The "hills resem-bl- e Westminster mostly t1 : Wednesday, July 5th, 10 a. ra., place orchards of New England. What a prospec t for a oainter ! I found "stones I not vet : selected; convened ternational Congress, In The called carnelian. the which White clay,-oof the International tays made pipes, was, found in quantities. under the auspices is. divided into sections, as fob Snow os: we could not Council , start till one O'clock. Mr. Tomkins tounaa n, c.Hmn. .ichich wilL . - 1 ' set for Chamber in Westminster Town Hal!, and U e o.l s and all. cot. s tfei'v in different in Stk Martin's over with hard labor..-.- Very mire oik Town Hall. ; "both sides:. The brethren were The Political Section', which will ali'mcrry, a making scent of.amuscment of.it. hold five meetings in the (reat Hall in St. I he ,s -- d t, cios oneo: the "tributaries of Martin's Town Hah. the St. Mary's , river. Made a bridge of The Social Section, which will hold drew the wagons over by hand. eleven meetings, chielly in. the Convocation' willows, When the last wagon was over the men Hall of Church House, Westminster. commenced halloing- at the top of their The number f seakers, tlieir tepresenta-- j Voices. The u xt eroding was effected by live positions, andjthe difiereut countries ot vJ- which they belong indicate a prog! am oi doubling teams. The 1st day of June crossed Martin's unprecedented versatility and value. Fork. The water being high, we took Letters yet arrive by ulmosf every mail ever) tiling burn the bottom of our wagons asking questions, which I' shall seek to U,r-- we crossed over. day, surtcd'Verv in :,p, ,r water calhd Mr.rtiu's Fork. We found written cm a b.ard, d,ep to ford re move your loading pruure a waWi.' bed , eled the uener ori.uge wastied awav .ht after Th;nh j .. -' T. ; -- - - ! . j i . t; Sab-bat- h I. Who are eligible to attend meetings of the Council and the Congtes-- i The pub, lic. meetings .of both, that is, the meetings at which the programmes are rendcreu, may be attended by anyone w ishing U buy tickets. lhe a)plicatio ,s lor the.vs ticket., are in'three forms: (a) Is for ordinary tickets d memlvr-shi- p j -- boy-lik- e, 1 , ! 1 n stove-blow- 1 , " . - ! u-il- , li i . ! 1 fool-hardine- ss ! ' - . - - . l j , ' . - ' f - storms-nvp'rtnol- r 1 ; . ' ; v in the Congress, the price of whivh is seven Shillings and sixpence, or, in Ameii-ca- , - -: irsemi; ' ,, "viv . - , n currency, 1.75- - May, be applied for by any membei ofany organization affiliated to any National Council, the price of this is five shillings, or in American currency, Si. 23. (c) May be applied lor by any oihciai of any organization affiliated in any Nation al Council. These forms may be had upon application to the writer of this letter. The money for. tickets must in all cases be sent to the Honorable Treasurer, from whom tickets "may be secured, International Congress Fund, General P()st QIT:ce, London. I hese ticke-tsIt Will be understood, adThe mit only to the public .meetings. business meetings of the International Council are only open- to the-- following: The officers of the International; the accredited delegates from each Nation d Congress; the honorary president and delegates from countries where no' National Councils are yet formed. II. ' Wrho are. the delega'tes to the Council? Delegates may be sent to the International Council only by National Councils affiliated with the International Council. Kirh Nntinnnl Council mav send two dele gates, who, with its president, constitute the. sole, representatives of the National Couuc'd in the. International. The National Council of the United States will be represented in the International by Mrs. Fannie Humphreys Gaffney of New Wrk, its president, and Miss Susan B, Anthony and Rev. Anna Howard Shaw, the delegates elect. ..Mrs. Hannah J. Bailey and .Mrs. Ellen A. Richardson are the alternates elect for the two delegates above named. presence" of delegates alternates no place in the International Council sessions but that of observers;" It seems very important to emphasize these facts. I have received many letters irom diflerent parts o trine country irom and state societies, in- local clubs, county . t .1 I., icu lorming me mat so anu cu naeCounelected delegates to the International cil," and asking credentials. It is very important that it be understood that of even NationalCounci Is only those affiliated w ith .an riPIPrro f In fn.iifiri rdti T.a,.,nt;mio1 ..ww,... nLciuaiiuuai.,V'Vi!i.irf...Mt-i!tha indv. It is well known what Nationab,;, (b) ' , In-th- will-hav- e if,. elf-ri- 1 ft ; s; 