l: Hehl of tN ninths lvefore the Utah society. i.Jl'M&X'V)& The Material auw scientific shVndj oint, and took occasion to ' Tuesday . . , aUeruoon at 4 o th trorve aee.s An addiess by Mine. Mila Tupper May- riard imm tic Culture Value of History was abie and interesting:1 Don C.Magiue dealt u itli the Races of the Southv.i st, referring to the evidence of such' that had come under his personal observation, throughout an area of country extending from the Gulf of California on the soulhwtst, to the Suake River on the north".. In it he referred to exploring work .done by himself and Professor Montgomery, formerly ot the State univerc sity, among the mounds and caverns a Paragoonah in Iron county", where they unhuman skeletons, earthed some twenty-livof per soii;? who undoubtedly had met death by violence ages ago. Mr. M'aguire said the State was full-o- f such evidence and he regarded the Historical" Society as having a great work before itBenediction was .pronounced by C. R. Savage, after which the society elected officers for the ensuing year, F.D. Richards president; Isabella Cameron being Brown, vice president; J. R. Letcher, recording secretary; J. T. Hammondcor-rcspondinsecretary, L. S. Hills, treasurer; Mrs, Antoinette B Kinney, librarian. e N vMiJLt carina i. from Europe X&tAc- - Jones-- xuorris who spoke-- I-- few m .. : rt" c, hadeeu'p had testified of the Go-ever opportunity offered. She had her testimony to her relatives forty, ago and she bore it again to them and Ium LIU. Ill OiJS- - nwuivi ivntv Vi.i.iu ji Sister Jane James rejoiced' m living these day's. Sister McMaster thanked that she had been permitted to comefirt in this generation. Thought it was business to secure God for ourselves not criticise others. Sister Jane A. Albrand sjvke of the God cares for His children, He preserve Sister Jane them on' land and said she had walked many miles to preaf.J to her relatives but not one of .them hi been so favored of the Lord as to acct the Gospel but herself. Said she and daughter. had bcpn privileged to 0 into the Temple, and do the work for over one tho- cioe. but-slie- . Madscn, of the Salt Lake Temple, Joseph L Holbrook, W.W. Willey, D. 0. Willey,Thomas Wadoups, Israel Call, Jrdson lolmau and John A. Wa'te. The remains were taken to Calls Fort 'Wednesday morning, ' where funeral services were held lor tlie benefit of friends and relati ves who could not be present at those held in Bountiful, and the remains were laid to rest at that relatives and place..- Quite a number of friends accompanied the remains to CajlsFort Deceased has been a subscriber for the j "Exponent" from its first publication un til her death.. She was an earnest worKer for the cause of truth, possessed an excel-lennoted for character and was Her prepossessbeing a "peace maker.4' ing lace wore a sweet smile which scattered sunshine and happiuess to all who mingled with her. ! - r i s.. t r.-peri- - ' turn y - 11 Pre-histori- r ' rtlfl The speakers- were i'ldeis'C. R." u de-stnic- .(id viwv. House, the pair of the State surest against vaiuhlisin, which had led to the of many important relics of byaction TJGfcr four of whom are. sti.n Hving, Hhree boys f Dr EXPONENT WOMAN S Pq-a- usand. Sister Kiddle bore testimony to the power of prayer and spoke of the great desire she 'SA MANTUA SlCSSIONS. had to come to Zion, and how thankful sb? was to her Heavenly Father she had be: IN MEM OR I AM. permitted to do so. Sister B W. Smith spoke of the great SARAH FAULKNKK. wrong we did in criticising those placed Sarah Sister On Monday;" Dec. 5, 1S9S, over us. Snd her idea of a Latter-daFaulkner passed over to th- great beyond.' Saint was to be kind and not get augry,ray Sister Faulkner was. born in Chad wick, your tithing, donations and Relief Society Worcestershire, England, Feb. 6, 1830,. donations, go to your meetings promptly, and was sixty-eigh- t years old. She came be careful of your criticisms, watch and to Utah in 1S53 and has labored very faith-fullpray and do good to all. Wished all a active an ever since, not only being Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. member in all her Church duties, but she Counselor Stevenson said since we hd desired to aid in making our city attractive last met Sister Sarah M.Kimball had pasd as far as lay in her power, by beautifying away, she was one of the board of these - g . ! y FANNY C. LOVE LAND DEAD. Many of the friends and acquaintances of Mrs. Fanny C. Lovehnd will be sorry to hear of her death. She died Sunday morn- her surroundings. The deceased was a teacher in the Relief ing, November 20, 1S9S, at Bountiful of old oge and general debility. She had been confined to her bed about three months and She was Carlos ailing all last summer. Loveland's mother, and sister to Lucina Sessions, Samantha Willey, Rosoline Dustin, and stepmother to lunarett Sessions. Deceased was born in the s'ate of Vermont on May ii, 1S16, thus making her eighty-twyears of age. She wTas but a mere girl when her father's family joined the Church to Geauga county, Ohio, to join the Saints there in 1836. At the age of twenty-one- , in the' year 1837 she. was married to Chester Lovelaud, who preceded her to the great beyond by about laurteeu years. ShtrassedhnjTTirh all trie persecutions of Rutland, Ohio, Jackson county, Missouri, and Nauvoo, and endured the hardships encountered crossing the plains, and arrived in Utah with her husband in 1850, and located in Bountiful. She buried a son four years .old while on her way across the plains, . She went with her husband and others who had been called to settle Cars8n Valley where they remained from 1S56 to i8s7. After her return she resided most of the time in Bountiful with the exception of a few years that she resided at Brigham.City and Calls Fort respectively. When the Relief Society was organized at; Brigham City August. 28, 1866, she was chosen, second counselor to Sister Lenora After' Sister Morley's death she Morley. was appointed first counselor to Harriet Snow, which position she held until the organization of Box Elder Stake. , She was the mother of eight children, , Saturday meetings. She wished all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year and invited all to bring friends enough wi:h them to fill the house next meeting. As invitation was sent to all the Relief Society presidents and counselors to attend the closing exercises of Dr. Robert's nursbg Society for many years and she did her work faithfully in sun or shine She was always charitable and kind to the needy. Mrs. Faulkner was a very estimable lady and leaves numerous friends to mourn her death besides one son, her other five children Th cause of her having gone before her. death was a malignant cancer, from which she has been a sufferer the past two years. Ellen Kelskv, o class. Sister Morris and congregation sang my Father." Meeting adjourned weeks. Benediction, Mrs. M. W. J. S. W001 lev, Sec. Springville, Utah. and-move- ' LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- U. W. P. C. MEETING. Y "0, for two Wilcox. Sec. The U. W. P. C. met in the pleasant meeting was rooms of Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, Friday evheld in the 14th ward hall Saturday, Dec. ening, Dec. After opening prajer 17, iboS, counselor L. I. Stevenson, premri. seci e la y caiied-tfrAyyifyd lug in the absence of President Home. roll, responses being given by quSinging, "For the strength of the hills ,we otations on Christmas from favorite authors. bless thee. ' ' a Prayer by Counselor It was movedand seconded that all busW.: Smith.; Singing, "Welcome iness be dispensed with for the evening, exbest of all good meetings. ' ' Minutes read Nina cept the proposal of the name of Miss and approved. Winslow Eckart as a member of the club by A sister, name unknown, bore a faithful Mrs. E. B. Wells; Miss Eckart was The Ladies' Semi-monthl- y ;o.-i8q8.- -- t- 1 -- Bath-sheb- . , upan-imousl- y testimony. Counselor E. Webb spoke' of elected a member. the spirit of meekness and love and said:ve The following interesting and carefully should dedicate ourselves to the Lord 'in Poem on the morning and evening, be careful and do prepared program ws rendered:: Christmas Christmas, Mrs. M. A. Freeze. our duties. Mrs. E. B. Wells, also one by Mrs, Sister Lydia D. Alder said this was the story, Ruth M. Fox. Christmas reminiscences first of the year when cur hearts were by Mrs. Maria Francis. Poem, Mrs. L; drawn out to one another, and" our thoughts Several beautiful musical selections are upon Him whose birth we. celebrate hostess and She did not think we could realize the love vyere rendered, after which the delicious reher charming daughters served He bears for His children. He was an exwas spent ia freshments. time A short ample, of humility and obedience. "Let us social converse after which the club adlove one another and help one another journed to meetjfi the new year of iS99 Another sister spoke on honest tithing and Jan. 31. at 7:10 in room 208. Templeton. donations. ... . A 