V& uhe-J:- affair w.is'Ticr o'wA- cxperuracc. The the interview. of xr..uresult ate Pivmn. nn';,,;,v Hons Shortly after our ramble among- the hilk " ar.o iu . eacii be to inivato us uul tnouglit, ton come and go oUcn; news came of the sudden decease of I'tnd. cu eliose ond. Harry, 1; for the Lieut. Xaturally we Pamela left for Piston plans were working of his. own men.. It ope Dilliway and duke 'one the and the tv dl hnd rum' and ol the and the with her uncle. We never saw her- arler day the Ocfollowing take to was unaware. place young men lie was totally for but heard of her return to ICngland, ai:j ecret 'in was preparations niade and nigfit Vluke spent 'came casionally the old was reluctant through the Kingsley's that her aunt had ;Ned' Dilliway encounter. the Mr. and Dilliway familiar will and a letter ad. himself officiously believing left a very jeculiar he but ccoud yielded, as serve to her about niece warning J;tr chaffed Penelope unmercifully a lance that he would dressed to her grand so be counsel good Iiarrv.to own her lie old lovci; hut kept come' oil convjuertr and all would he well. against the temptations of pride, vanity, confidence except her into one and took no and above all coquetry, and the love of would not consent to its takAnd the However, .Houore. and Xed' her brother and so they dress and of admiration, setting forth eh. on ground, house few KngHsh a place ing a winter passed way wjth.onis was "not an un- qtieutly her own mistakes in early life 3nd Channel. It. the crossed and H th and mptoiPs there, her Jong years of suffering, parties here for Ned to be away from home, dilating upon escorted usual have tiding would Dick dishing gladly and prayers for divine i.urcy neither Penelope nor her father repentance, Miss Dilliway any when:., and she bad the and and forgiveness;, imploring Pamela nmrto. mischief dreamed of brewing. for 'her any best beauty the into society, entree practice deceit of any kind, but to be con-- , The' duke the escaped marvelous; ere ahmot duel voice 'was her fought, and stant, virtuous truthful and upiigiu in nil without a scratch, bat llirry was wounded wherever she'wen I she7 litl tai led gicat" at things, which was the only safe entire to the home were set in her to men wa Xed carry the and and obliged young teution, pursue and the sure road to happiness h re wounded man and rear the unwelcome and wild in her praise. news to his father, who was so overcome The old Duke of Osmond died very sudThis love story briefly told should he a died he that ond been with h;?d death disappointment his rage denly at last although warning-tevery vain and selbsatiVfied fit of a in Penelope after the appoplexy. Charles ,.hortl) Plymptou long talked of, and young girl, who longs for attention and bridal her she untold suffered put agonies, the into came estate, rightful heir, very son .admiration from the opposite sex, or from Dilli-wato never determined Mr. go juto title. ami away, apparel assuming the .the w rld; many innocent ones fall im of world from the retire but Charles all sccUi-e;tsociety again, rested apearances snares and are led astray through v.irutv abroad and' went duke The fashion. he. and ol the held, in was pride proud was and inordinate pride. If girls, could only Xed over. blow should for aifiir the until to his to prepare daughter urge began realize the untold misery and lifelong sor. rehe until with Severn to und Harry constantly purchase 'marriage settlements, row they would bring upon themselves ai;d' bridal apparel. It was. not difficult lor Miss covered .sufficiently to go away on the their loved ones, they would assuredly p uis-i- n it lie was obliged to leave the service, Houoie to dienib'e: thought Dilliway their lnad career and never allow their all right ami Xed did n i object, now tint and within three years from th.U Christmas good. name to be tarnished by being called he felt sure she would be true to Harry, eve things had undergone a great change in aflht. and Mr. Dilliway spoke oi the aiiair m the the Dilliway house. Xed married Miss"Oh what a tangled web we Wf irt' m Duktr was Ib'sirr Cu unir. Dick s younger sister, wayWhen first we enltirc to deceive." s .me years later, Harry beveru was so elated with his newly acquired honors, K. II. W. , while crossing on the and Penelope was so amiable with him, drowned at during his convalescence which that ne was deceived by appearances into During all believing that she was to be his wife though had been slow and tedious. "MUSIXGS AXD MEMORIKS." her manner wa always distant and haugh- these years Aunt Dilliway had never seen ty, lie felt he hid .none or a lovers privi- him,"thGt:gh btr heart- was constant and "Musings and Memories' is 'a "volume of leges,, and yet he. was so vain and selfish had he not ir.et an untimely death they entirely of home production, and is that he did not take it to heart. There had would has e married. Duke Osmond came poemssuitable as a gift for the holidays. The an back to Knglau'd ami fairly p .rsechted Miss very really been no. courting, but Charles-habook is sufficiently elegant in appearance for idea it was the proper thing among people Dilliway but she sternly refused to see him room or "library table. It coof rank to show no sort of weakness. ;'aud they 'never met except by accident, any drawing enMr. Dilliwav made up his mind the wed- - wlu li she would be taking exercise in the ntains, three hundred pages and a steel graving of the author. It is for sale at the ding should take place in. Juno and Houore parks or siilmrbs and then he was peris-haher mis- - jtent in offering her attentions, which 'she office of the "Woman's Exponent." given th? duk?! to unier-tais- d Builiding, opposite Deseret News She Au.i she ab'o added, obstinately reiused when possible. tress had consented. office. Cloth binding. i .2s: daintv cover, "Everything is ready except me legal mat- - cnt back his letters unopened, revised gifts morocco, $2.00. Those living out and hnallv. made ui, her ters which can be arrareed when the time sent anouviuuu.-d' mind that it City who might wish to purto live in Eug- - side Salt e comes. . chase the book should address, : Ne.d was in communication with Harry land. Mrs. E. B. Wells, ' and had informed him that his father had Templeton Building, consented to Penelope's mairiage in June was Aunt Dilliway's love story Salt Lake City, Utah. l. arHt told to us with all sorts-oembellishments. j icaay, ana- wncn settknicms weie to be madt: Penelope And no better object lesson could have would be firm in her resolution to marry been given to a bevy of thoughtless, romannone hut her own true lover, and his father tic girls, h was little wonder-th- at Aunt tho' reluctant would certainly consent to Dilliway lived the life of a recluse with her choice at last and all 'would- be well. such a past behind her. Xed Dilliway was Xed also iuformedjhim that Plymptou was Pamela's grandfather and both her grandsweet on Eady Eli.a, ehlest daughter of parents and parents were then sleepDuke Weldmcre and in fact showed her ing in the Ihlli way cemetery.; (juietly Removed to 48 and 50 .Pamela was . marked attention and if he ascertained the left an orphan when only six old and would had .been sent to her aunt in years "true state of his sisters affection. America who soon cons- le himself Jv Ia(iy was also appointed her.guaniian; but when SALT li&KE CITY. Eliza, who was really a very jroptr jamng' she became aware of the 'escapades and person and hid always been accustomed to treachery of Pamela's" governess she was wealth and refinement, and would make a without doubt The seriously alarmed. .' very elegant duchess. .governess had been sent from 'England, in The Harry Severn was too much 11V love to care of the little had been' trusted wait until sent for, and hurried up toT;)ii as one of the household. .Aunt Dilliway don two or three .v.eeks before he was "exthought the wisest course would be to send pected, when 'hearing from his old friends her into the country to her. rlncle in whom Qa,s:E-7.:;El'6u'se-:that Penelope Dilliway .' was engagtHl to she. had great confidence. Pamela had been Plympton became so enraged that he" called "fondly attached to Belmont, and Was very upon him at his own place, ana proceeded at parting from her; previous forthwith to accuse turnout vinning his however, to her going s tie; had given the I I VI M Tt sweetheart's affection. both were hot- - g ill sound advice, warning her against and - ;. J ..... - - i - 1 y ih-wa- u - -- h--e . heic-afte- r. , , -- o -- ' nik y o po-sesn- . ou con-tin-n- t, " - . most-positiv- - e TiM-vnu- i Medit-terauean- a s-- - ; j d. - d j .Ten--pleto- , $l-5o: i V-- j - was-impossibl- L-k- e j . A j -- : ttTcr-fina- that-ii-wu-- iti R.K. THOMAS MSI. - esp-)fisiu- . Leading Retail . : girl-ari- ' ' - ; much-giievcd- . - r.k:.t Hi -- n 