WOMAN'S. EXPONENT iVund my spirit growing rebellious; other imagined, my trials greater than-anI were. ever woman's imagined my com-t.jI gave me great pain to pa it with. Some of uur pasi suncrings ana prayed earnestly these were curiosities .my husband' brought that we might be protected on our long from the Islands; dear to me .beyond de- journey till we should reach in safety the .n was glad to go from home because I scription. The circumstance attending the desired haven. Biotherjonathau Holmes had 'could not always manage to please him. disposal of them occasioned me a reoroof. .then .moved into that settlement. He from the indulgence of that unhappy spirit the most cutting I ever received in my life. just came to me' and said. "Have r.evervthimr I .suffered more than from all the privations Mxitray'ed a childish, spirit, owing to the J done as you wished' me to do, and can you ess rgrcnt-weaku.report to Brother Pratt of my oftny lilFniTat that' time, cany.a-goothe before and cause Lord, with 1 .plead he iny I answered him he had person did not understand my situation: iaithtulness ? Him' to lct'the day dawn, and the day star it was not in my .power to maintain that done all and more than I could have pre! I besought the sisters arivj in my heart that the friend had sumed to ask, ami I prayed that blessings dignity and' who pitied me to pray, which they did expected of 'me. My friend, Sister Holmes, might follow him all his days; and I knew with fervor and assurance, that all would Brother Pratt woukPsay, amen deeply sympathized and felt that I was un be overruled for my good. I told my grief to Sister T bo continued, justly reproved. The April conference drew on; I knew John Taylor; she tried to soothe me and A thousand heal my fate would be decided. my wound; but, ah ! my heart was an over unsettled travel TENTH WARD ANNIVERSARY. miles country; sore The dear woman had discovered my five thousand miles voyage at sea; to labor anguish and entreated me to confide my Minutes' of the 20th anniversary of the from distinct a people my own. secret io, her. I loved her from that hour. 10th ward among Primary Association, held May I caw there was but two ways; stand alone The hearts of many seemed open to assist 15, 1899. be assume father and great me. I saw a rising interest in my welfare. Superintendent B. Howarth presided. and mother to my children; create means to Homes were offered my eldest daughters if Meeting opened by singing, ."Little Chilsustain them; live crowded up in a Fort, a they would remain with the Church and let dren Love the Savior." Prayer was offered If I their, mother go, but all the generous offers by Brother 'complete mudhole in wet weather. Joseph Keddingtonjand the chilwas sent to the Islands my daughters (the were unheeded by them. The novelty of dren continued by singing, "God Will older., ones were nearly at a marriageable the journey and the prospect of meeting Bless the Pure in Heart." Minutes of the age) must be taken from their assx:iates to their father prevailed ever every other conlast annual were read and approved. a foreign land; for myself I would not desideration. I was very successful in obThe following program was rendered: cide, but earnestly sought to know "the mind for the in tour The Primary address, by Rasmus taining supplies by land; In conversation San Francisco we. were assured we should and will of the Lord. Organ, solo by Mamie Russell. with Dr. Willard Richards I remarked to find fit who would Recitation by fifteen little boys, about the. brethren, "'"him, that were I an Elder I would never us'out for the sea voyage. left First Presidency and' the Twelve 'Apostles. May 27th consent to stay so long from my family; the01d Fort. We sold our adobe room btory about the "Ualiona, or the Miracuthat I would go, deliver my message as for 25.00. Started at 5 o'clock after a. day lous Brass DiaBall," itthel Symons. as fulfill to sjeedily possible, andeturn my spent in bustle and excitement; buying, logue, "Which Would You Rather Be?" domestic obligations. He smiled, and selling, parting with friends, giving and re- by six little girls, from the Kindergarten With great reluctance I class. though he did not in words concur, I ceiving gifts. Song by Celia Harrison, Alice knew he felt the. justice of my sentiments. bade them farewell. True friends have Keddington, Arzella Symons and Flora I. was between two great fires; whichever they been to me, tried and proven. I Meyerhoffer, "Island of Dreams." Brief I I flames. would the encounter turned way .thought in the morning it would be impos- sketch of the Primary Association, by I wrestled in prayer; my friends prayed for' sible to get my goods packed to start; they Myrtle Rackham. Song, "Forbid Them I and all were their that me, were tumbled in without order, and when Not,", by the children. prophecies Recitation by would go to the Islands of the Seas, to the last article was deposited I felt a thousNellie Howarth. Song, .'"Busy Little be from i here i should and pounds .weight roll join my companion. my heart audi Blacksmith," by the Kindergarten class. blessed in teaching the children of nations, shoulders. Sister Glover had presented me Story about Honesty," by Hattie Woods. whose minds were dark, to know and love with some tea in a glass j'ar, it was set President Cobb then spoke to the Pritruth. not locked. loose in a trunk The trunk mary, saying she was pleased with the proin a chest front on was placed of the gram and could almost prophecy of the In 1850,. Cth of April, I attended Conferlarge unconcerned let we All the wagon future in the 10th ward. She said that the ence. I listened to the first discourses, wagon. the went Down start. trunk, every thing little boys and girls would grow up to be they, were comforting. , At length the apthe fell on the ground, Brother T. jar broke, and be- presidents and active members of the differpointments were given out. Tomkins was appointed to go to the Islands hold, all my tpa was. spilt in the sand! I ent associations of the ward and Church. did not think it worth a moment's thought Said this was our 20th anniversary, and I heard and take Addison Pratt's family- no more. An indescribable sensation per compared with the great things in contemp- - she had been engaged in the Primary work We made a. call at President lor eighteen years. The cfiicers and teach- vaded. my whole system. Several persons' lation. were appointed to go with ns, in whose Yourig's, found supper ready. We partook ers working with the children always had of their hospitality, and Brother Young a good spirit, for they were working with society I could not foresee much pleasure. He said I wras called, set pure little children. She was proud of our At intermission I went to President blessed me. Young's. I talked with Sister Young, and apart and ordained to go to the Islands of meeting and of our attendance, which is urged the promise I once had, that if I the Sea, to aid my husband in teaching the the largest in this Stake ot Zion. .Was That I should be honored by pleased to see so many parents present, as went my sister should go with me. She people. those with whom I traveled, that all my it gives encouragement to the teachers. promised to use her influence, and the sue was ap- wants should be supplied. That no evil Asked the Lord to bless us in the future as eeeding day my brother-in-laI had thought if should befall me on the journey, that I he had in the past. pointed on the mission. The Articles of Faith were repeated by that were done my mind would be relieved. should lack nothing. I should have power from Celia Harrison. I found I was mistaken. my house, I howYelt to to rebuke the destroyer to menace Sister blame myself for my solicitations. Lydia Ann Wells' was highly She that he should not have power had a pleasant home and wras comfortable. any of my family; that I should do a good gratified with our.Primary, She had visit- work and return in peace; many other ed many associations and did not know of Her home must be sold to;make the necessary preparations. She 'was tranquil and things, all of which he sealed upon my head any better, and few that were as good as iimnoved. A short time was allotted us to in the name of the Lord'. I thanked them ours. Said there was much expected of , to rejoice and ask the make ready. "I wTas extremely weak. My for all their loving kindness; bade them the children, and-felgood friends Holmes stood by me in every farewell, and we drove to the warm springs Lord to bless us year by year 1in all things. time of trial. My daughters ad all they and stooped with Brother William Hen- - - Sister Mary L. Morris told the children Some of the friends came withus the story of King Ahab, could to pay farewell visits and receive calls. drieks. We wrere there arid spent the evening. Bishop Adam Spiers thought the chii- SUter Holmes kindly offered her assistance and the following day a dren bad been kept "here sometime and to do everything that seemed burdensome kindly entertained, .to me, thus proving, herself a friend in time mmranv of voun people traveled fourteen were tired, and did not want to detain of need. Sister Daniel Russell spent days miles with. us. We called and spent' the them, although he could speak for some with me. aidine by her agreeable conver- - night with those who had been our bene- - time. Said it did - not seem twenty years "since the organization oiour Primary, and JLSiion to strengthen and: encourage me. 1 rtacHriou in the Primary a few disposed of various little articles which it people Parish and - wife loaded us with those who. had been v.as impracticable to take with' me, which blessings, shed tears at the remembrance of years ago were now grown ana going 10 ni 1 . , d : self-contr- ol ! I ! , self-relianc- e; . Borg-quis- t. liberal-hearte- d -- 1. . " - . it ; -- w t " . -- , , -- 