WOMAN'S FXPONKNT. ; i4 - - y- are Organisations and what Local Councils the' affiliated with th: National Council of United States. All members of such 'National. Organizations .and such Local Councils are, through the National Council 10 which they belong, members also of the International Couu'cil; but with the Exception 'of the women above named these are not delegates, and their respective organizations may not mrieperKk.tly send delegated to the International Council. Resides these regular officialilelegates the International Council has invited fraternal delegates from t'o classes of organizations; From National Councils "not with the International Council; and from International7 Organizations. "So many organizations are nominally international thai are really not so, that, it is most important to be extremely careful, even in establishing so slight a bond between the International Council and the organization as is implied in the invitation to the latter to send a fraternal delegate.. At the present time the following organizations, witli varying claims to a recognition of their International scope, have been; invited to send fraternal delegates: .The Arbitration and Peace Society; the Red Cross Federation; Union of Friends of the International Ymirig Women;, the International Association for the Abolition of the State Regulation" of Vice; the' Worlds Woman's Christian Temperance Union; the Young Woman's, Christian Association, and the General Federation, of Women's Clubs. It is probable that to this brief list the International Order of King's Daughters will be added. It is important, that it be understood that the above organizations have no claim upon the International Council, excepting that of courtesy, and that their members, unless related to the International Council through their membership hi- some organization afliliatvd with the National Council, are to apply for only the ordinary ticket eligible, i ' ito.'it me n ot admission congress. These statements are thus explicitly made that there may be no embarrassment experienced later. It will certainly be understood that they are not made because of any desire on the part oL the officers of the International Council to exclude desirable women from either Council or Congress; on the other hand, the most persistent, patient efforts have been made during eleven years to diffuse ..an- understanding of the organization of the National The relaCouncil and the International. so is the tion decisions made by logical that yet-affiliate- d - - . - nf ArMtinrpmnnfc frr tVit. Quinquennial meet ing of -- the Council and for the International Congress to be held in connection with, it and under its, auspices, ihf ' Pmiiniitff'P must, be regarded, not only just to the organizations constituting tne council, but very generous to the organizations still outride of the Council. III. What Americans will participate in the Council, and what ones will take part in the Congresses? As voters there will sit in the International Council, Mrs, MaC Wright Sewall, vice president at large-Mrs- , GarTney, Miss Anthony and Mrs. Shaw, iir the capacities' above indicated, and only 'theseJBut- as Maria participants iii- discussions, of the National Purdy Peck, Mrs. and Kirimeline B, Wells Council, second recording secretary; with the follow- - vice-presiden- i-- t ' -- t , -" . be attended also by members of the t Miss Lucy Mary S. Anthony, Rochester; Anthony, Philadelphia; Bvbee, Indianapolis;. Mrs. RalplfKmerson, 11 gress. Mary S. .Mrs. lm. ". On the evening of the same day a reception at tne btailorii lions, whtru the R'ockford, III; Mrs; Kmily Cross, Chicago; Duchess of Sutherland with the president Mrs, Ktnma Shafter Howard, Oakland, will receive Oil.t Rev. Ida C. Ilulton, Moline, Illinois; of the International Council, of tickets Holders tor tle Dr. Hannah TC- Longshore, .Philadelphia;, .the guests,' the of Congress aftr Mrs. "Klizabeth Claridge 'McCune, Salt sectional meetings been submitted to a subLake Citv; Mrs.. Alice Wheeler Pierce, their names on committee arrangements) may un:hase Indianapolis: Mrs. Virginia T. Smith, Hart tickets for this, reception at five shillings ford, and Mrs. Lucy B. Young, Salt Lake Invitations will be issued tolhe in, each. City, are now expecting to be present. ternatioaal delegates and invited speakers Many of' the above have also a part in of arin the rfame of the the formal program, '.AS .'have also the fol; rangements. lowing: : (c) On the evening of Wednesday, June Miss Sadie 'American, Chicago; Mrs. Battersea will invite delegates Cynthia Westover Alden, N. V.; Miss 2Sth, Lady to Surrey House. Octay iaW. Hates, Detroit; Mrs. Harriet Santon and speakers (d) On July ist, the Bishop of London Blatch; Mrs. Isabelle C. Barrows; Mrs. Creighton will ive a .p.uty at Salt Lake City; Mrs. Margaret A. Caine, Lavina Doch, N.-- Y.' City; Mrs. Sarah J. Fulharn Palace, to which members of the Farmer, Greenaere, Elliott, Maine; Mrs. Congress will be invited. (e ..On Tuesday, July 4U1, Lady Roths-chilSusa. Young Gates, Provo City; Mrs..K. B. and Mrs. Leopold Rothschild will in. Grannis.N.Y. City; Miss S. Goldman:, N. vite members of the Congress to a garden Y" City; Mrs. HaHusted Harper, Washing-.- , ton, I). C; .Mrs. Lillian M. .i iollister, De- - party at Gunnersburg Park. (f) The President of the International JroU;Miis Emily Howland, Sherwood, N. Y.; Mrs. Adelaide Johnson, Washington D. Council will entertain the delegates of the Congress at a farewell gathering on the Q.; Mrs. .Annie White Johnson, Chicago; Mrs. Ellen C. Johnson, South Framiugltm, evening of July 4th. Besides the above large social entertain- Mass.; Miss Helen Kiune, Columbia University; Miss Klumpke, Cab; Mrs. Rebecca ments there are forerunners of numerous more private hospitalities. vD. Lo" wtv. A tlan ta ; Ga. ; . M rs.NI aryJT LoV- f Kb rechannel I this beg Through public ell, Bryn Mawr; Miss Maxwell, Atlanta; mind the speakers that a type written copy Mrs. Jenness Miller, N. Y.; Mrs. Frederick WathauN. Y.; Miss Plummer, Mrs. (Juan-ter- , of their addi esses, if not already in the hands of the corresponding secretary, should MrsT:Isabella Hunter Robb, Cleveland; Mrs. Cornelia S. Robinson, N. Y. City; Dr. be sent at the"earliest possible date to her Sarah Hackett Stevenson, Chicago; Mrs. address, Miss Teresa F. Wilson, 9 Members Charlotte Perkins Stetson, Hartford; Miss .Mansion, Victoria St., S. W. London. - The preparations are sufficiently advanced Mary Shaw, N. Y. City; Mi is Hmily Sar-taiPhiladelphia; Miss Genevieve Ward, to assure us that "the second Quinquennial of the International Council, and the ConN. Y. City; Dr. Gertrude Walker, Philagress held under- its auspices, with all the delphia. of the subsidiary events connected with it, will Thus it will be seen that fifty-onAmerican women who are in some wTay constitute, an opportunity for intellectual and social experiences of a unique character. connected with the Council and the American women who are to go abroad expect to be present. When lo Americans go ? Iu reply to this summer, whether related to the Counthis very frequent 'question, I must say that cil or participants in the Congress, will no ship wilt carry ail of them. Several are purely find "that an attendance" upon the already rfbroad; one small party of AmeriCongress will largely enhance the pleasure cans sailed on May- 25th;. another large of the'ordinary visit to London. party with Miss Anthony as its leader on. 7 The Hospitality Committee has had preJune 3rd; a small party .with Mrs. Sewall pared with great care a, list of the hotels on. June 8th; the last with Mrs. Gaffney on and boarding houses and lodging houses, June 14th; and doubtless many are going on with a statement of cost and distance from other dates. the seat of meeting, together with other in.... The correspondence which has resulted formation that will facilitate the ease of in securing so large a representation of our getting settled upon arrival and of getting country women iu London has covered about to the meetings. I have already, many mouths.' As. the date approaches and sent out to all who I know anticipate evidences of augmented interest multiply, going to London a parcel of the latest women who in the beginning were invited relating to the International Council, for to a place oil. the program are reconsidertogether .with forms of application ing their earlier refusals. It is in no spirit tickets, and circulars of advice concerning of tit for tat that the information must boarding houses. Large numbers of these that the place declined papers remain hi my hands, and will be frequently has been filled by some one else. sent gladly upon application to women deThe Committee of Arrangements sitting the information which they contain. in London has done an enormous amount siring, A rendezvous for American delegates tothe of work. A copy of the minutes of each Council and American" members to the Consession are iu my hands, and they show gress will soon be determined upon, and painstaking 'preparation and an elaboration the address may be obtained upon applica-tior- i of detail which can be conceived to me;--- All delegates, participants in only by one with experience in such under and members of the Congress takings. the The latest notes reveal the greatest kind- are program desired upon arriving in. London to ness and zeal on the; part of the Entertain-- -' communicate their respective addresses to merit and Hospitality Committees. The the writer at the London address given belist of entertainments contains the will.be my pleasure to give every following: low. It (a) Reception and veleome" the Inaid to my countrywomen in .making the ternational delegates 011 Monday, Tune 26th to Congress ..and its ..ad vantages .. accessible, the them. If this article should "awaken-hI (b)- -- - -- - - sub-committ- .,... ee and-Mrs- d . .. -- n, - , e Con-.gre- ss .... : - . docu-men- ts be-give- . -- , - . i . 