WOMAN'S KXPON BNT. jr Jane James and Sister Rawdings m.'i Si "each bore testimony. 5itcr Mary K. Basse tt had seen the j.Vvpthumuumiicsat the Prophet Joseph's, aaj viuie of the records that were with the::;he l)ore her testimony. Sifter Martha Morris saiig a hymn. Counselor Klizaleth Stevenson said she visited Tooele Stake Relief Society, ta-.and enjoyed meeting with the sisteis there, spoke of the trials of mothers in these days in raiding children with so many allurements aiound ns. . Thee." raise to was introduced by President- Hurne, and said this was one of the happiest days of her life, to be in Zion. She-habeen baptized twenty-twyears ago, in and the world, had been in but had lived dangerous places many times; but she had the promise of life, and did not fear. Spoke of the blessings our sisters had enjoyed in seeing angels; such a thing was not known She had always borne a "in .the" world. testimony of the Gospel where the privilege of doing so was afforded Spoke of break if we do, we must ing the laws of nature; We endure the penalty. must tret our bodies under control by relaxing every Said shs joint and muscle of the body. wished to form a class to studv the laws of 'health. By observing the laws and exercising faith, we as a people can enjoy health. Spoke of the necessity of an exercise of faith. She wished to live with this people and give her time to the work. Meeting adjourned for two weeks with singing, and benediction by Sister Julia C. " Sister Johnson d o Howe. J- - S. Wooeley, Sec. OBITUARY. KID1.KY IIK1.KN W lu r , Kl l!. of ( w! Fr c , o:uu;-st- io.vcd later. :i ' 'tiuii.. "She was' ; u-r- o. , ';- , her .arnv ward which v as divided s(H.:i .ifu r a si the A ward, with . 1. II. !!!; W ! ml .... - Ful;! ' Tl - (iaiiiKit. I s . 1 i a:: . ... new' u :i 1! with a Relief m 'l.. .v. ..'..u-- e a;;u nn i . ,v.i dis A Sabkith S( w an a primary dei)a:t:.u t t o h;ch !a-'- as t..lL.' w.ny tnKe laTiHliar with ; can iv.d: the jKiciiliar tact' and skill n-- :red in ttillv t!he . i ru ti i. . ......... tv. i u.ial . it iv - i'i inet with a cool rejoinder, bidding. him" do his duty and follow his .regiment. When lie was ''one and was quite re. covered, she beg an lo care ior tlie sid; and wounded. She was T.laced in ehar.'e of onesj,Lvial soldier who was crv ijl. 'J 'hey were lodowl in the family of a Dutchman, an Tassel by name, and a Torv to boot. Ielurah suspected, as muclkand uas on the alert for action. Van Tael had a t ! er Ih-liovi- - , f f , . . . " i imrovenK:it A ss. e:atin." She was ,.f t':, iirst w volunteer for member'.;., . w ,., a. v neie cist le !e!U.ered valuable service, pn.nmt-- g Ie!M.ndi:i to every call uuale Ujin iu r bv the . . H,-r-.- , e' sliu was in tnru lailet to serve Her Kcrs, a:id saw in allshedid'auda!! slu.s.iid, oi uer liallvc !!'i ana siainj) Slit JUy... .. . ....... ..u.. t .l . an iiuu .viuji 'a.:e;.i er.unng. linn as the ah is. Her word coa id e c for it was in verv deed her 1m. nd. SI: ie was ;roud and sensifiv.ana sell leten1ent as tar as tx.wviU.. .t,,l i 1UU .U U.is tune supportefi iKr.self v teatinn-a private J htis ciio-.lidiy employe-- she steadily mrsued he even tenor of her way. blessbvr and I'lessed, until the infirmities of nature forced her into nctirenieiit. where her chief pleasure was to converse on the redemption of" th. .. a ,. ..r,.i i tnc as revealed to the h ojilie principles ' . I ....... t I. (hsjk I, H uweiiiiei uicii'is eai.ea her to ehat j.'sM..i. with, or read to her, the beaming countenance and .s)arkling eye was ample reuard for their trouble During hej busy, days silo had not neglected her f i empie uutas All tuat circ;:n:sta:u es wui;Id j been done,. Therefore, there was nothing left for her to d. but meekly foh' her hands and say. ".Vow, () LonU let Tlrne depart in peace," and' it was vcrily'so. At the clo-sof day. when men seek their couches' for natural rest, she sought hers, slightly ailing, it is true, but" nothingtoalarm.no racking pain, no agonizing struggle, only son:evhat labored breathing'. In a natural voice she aked for water which' was given her and which she drank. Then turning slightly over, she breathed her last. Two only of her children wwe with her, the rest were summoned. Their shock can be imagined, but hot described. Was it possible ? Surely this could not be death Ih'teously they called' ujnm her to sjK'ak to them once more, only once. lint all wa--s silence. She had said her say, she had finished her work, her record was sealed and her example before them. .vnotner eartniy.raee is run, Another glorious victory won, Another grave on the hillside made, Another Saint to rest islaid. Another' empty chair have we, A place with the great redeemed has she, co-w- ui th-ey- .I'i'n- ! . i mU-sI- . I - 1 . a" , 1 I 1 M Vr-niith- -- lnei am., ,t. David .. l .... i lheiiton, I . wa e- - Deborah's lie had gone over to the continued them, thus finding Out the seciet meetings of the Tories, who met at Van Tassel's house. On a dark night she made, her way to and disclosed the plot' to camp ' the Colonel. He immediately ordered a party of men to aid her, putting her in command. She rushed off boldly' with them, surrounded Van Tassel's home just as a meeting was in progress and captured fifteen Tories. In the midst of the fray Deborah ioimu that she was being attacked by Sergeant Urenton. She parried his sword thrusts as best she could. Hut his skill was too much for her and he gave her an ugly gash, indicting a wound which ojened the old one. She staggered,- nearly foiling, but she overcame her weakness. Her coat was colored with blood. The flickering candles in the kitchen, where they fought, threw a light on tier pale, determined lace. "To the death !" she called out lp- her UJ-- I t . h Solar Deborah escaped detection, for she was changed since he saw her, bronzed by the sun and worn from, hardships. She avoided him as much as possible, and he showed no signs but manifested an insane jealousy of her attentions to' Mina, as they presumably ' came from a handsome young soldier. Hut Deboiah - . fir..tli. lr)nner 1 ones. ! . - 1 t.rolK't.1 - 1 111!'' as-slu- me jdiniaiy or intaiit .scia-.til.;' tile !t.:;:al:n:i laai i.,r tl;e future arid :!;tc !ee:::al v.; a. i; such work Webb ua by nat:;re ar: 'i'uallm'd. JieiK'i- sh.. made a suevss of t i, A te :ieral Mgani.'..iti..n tor v,,;al and iutelhxt aal was innm-'juf hth M.xr. and .11 ' ' . t ia a''es ea crd Mutual H-t- e moving vhr pleaded sick jelt beliind. s slt. uas .tn eare tor otheis as n m recovered, ulueh was vdinrth. Dr. r,.tiinetl retn.m grated at the ill luck that separated him trom the youth who so dceplv interested IK- s..(id as. much to him. him, but nnh ; k-ad- T'-'- I I ('lilelN Ca leave aii! w.i . . - 'tear of r stcnicd to U Lynihl the flisguic-shuf!r. ria dared nt bdhw him' farther, si when SM-i,-i- i C(in-t;i!- i i in 'is! a-- in Hi- - enct! ,itc ,1 na-ra- sang. "Our God we The congregation uaunu-rs- sj. t'tah. a:id 7 Un-American lian-lmai- . Helen Ridley Webb was burn in the Citv J. :vln, England, Mav 2),. i S . and died in Sa't Lake City, Utah, U. "S. A., September 22. '?'.': Her father, William Ridley, was descended ia a dircet line from the famous Nicholas Ridley, I'a-.vof . London, crown chaplain in the 16th distin-':':jean d learned eminent and Divine, century, not only in the annals of literature and in. but in the higher and perilous lields of social ar-'-l religious reform, at a period when superstition anatocism bound the very souls of men, and otteu sealed in silence the lips of such as fain yo:::d be champions of riht and, humanity, or ""r.ied them to the dungeon and the stake, where let them go, my men. On, on to victory !" tt'rn;::iatei! the mortal career of Bishop Ridley.' r'SWep, darling nithef..weetK' leeji i Hut the lires of lrof thou no more s!;alt wake to weep. She rushed madly at the .Sergeant again, bigotry which consumed his body 1. F. S. "n!y to set at liberty the' undying spirit of who by this time was thoroughly incensed hutnuri right arid religious freedom, which1 we iind and was fixed m his desire to kill his bursting forth again, though in a modified degree, w the life and character of Helen, who, likelier assailant. His thrusts became surer. DEBORAH SAMPSON-- A TOMAN OF THE " .y't'at ancestor, became early in life impressed with ouuueniy ne ouserveu the young man s tfie i !ea that the REVOLUTION. of had the sects day religious appearance, thP bedra.gled uniform, the from the original plan of human redemp 1 ' disordered hair matted with, blcod from a BV. ALICE BURKE. mat some vital Dnnemle was missinir trom i t 1.1tne wiue tat aarK wouuu, .scaijj open eyes, a scheme." while in this form of mind (Continue L) 1 s,;e with the Mormon missionaries early in btrauge.xmeinory stirred him. He had seen. She carefully investigated their doctrines, and reached the camp loi) grew the face:before. Where'?. And thin it They u:;a became convinced that that they possessed He even contrived to help hi.ni-- . was clear toiim. He saw a gir.Lat a Winiie.i had .been and forthwith identified brighter. missing, dow in the - moonhVht. self d.o;njro.ni thejiorse. kersei: with them. ' lookingo down- at" Her. 'husband,. Samuel Whitehead Webb, to me let and dress the with nie "Come jiiixi. ne iieiu uacK nis swora anu graspeu, she had been married July iof 1S36, also wound," again-thDoctor urged. I'ut the boy's wrist andv bent closer. Scanning m.;ruce the same faith, and for a time ran well, Deborah answered coldly; ."I'm sorry, sir, .;ut h:s ardor cooledrhis faith failetr'and eventualI want 'my tent in ma eyes. a lie room swam aooui Jier. ly h: stepped aside Then she realized but I can do that myself. altogether.. iulle-s-t Can you not help me to tin's, Doc whd are you ? My God," he said, extent what it is. to stand alone, but alone. 'er s'i ength was equal to her day. - She tor?" :: Speak." ' and her future, and commenced her She - nerved herself bravely for the Ben turned away-angrily s work in earnest. ' ' The "Come then," and he led her to a tent, answer, leaning against a table. riu f her first moves was to suggest, and, with band-- a . 1 ; ! 1 ' 1 ; - -- s-r- . . . . 1 ' . ; - uio-:-- ! e 1 1 conse-hersel- . . );l7h f- . 'e V ,,1, ... t- .3uuooi at . - . - rr T 1 uamnen'iownSix,onaQru--..iiixue- . ' A. 1 tdr i54, which proved, a complete success, and diligently until her emigration in ? J sbe labored vas the mother of tweve children; six sons where hej left her, after giving her ges, etc. , Once- alone she bravely dressed the deep and nainful wound, spite ot- the agony she endured, aiid thus sue escaped det.ee- - other combatants were fighting outside now r a nd t hey- - were compara ti ve ly aloi ' "Speak," he repeated. "My name is Robert Sliirtliff," she said boldly. "T-r- ----r - - - 4 ' -- 