WOMAN'S EXPONENT. christian ttn3eronian's tiair tt..:., tr "wlm 1 MM.'i ill' HI to v. tc lor f the National r.f Lalh.r, iic.s of voters, ;m iiilUT p.UMH . II' '''''! tln-ievolutions indorsing legal, joliticul bv (i Tall sjjV,,vn flkU' lly Hit attitude the- - r rmmv r.;cv at ai J vmai euU.uU?V. ,i l.'i the of women. 1 lVacc . V.o:;-'h-s.- he Ilar.e. ana r.oje it may 'rtatTtTshrnent to aixn;i t preinmn- - l;nt n rt tt -- Without Cause?" B. V.. A. ,'' Kirby. responded to The Rev. J. E. "Will Peace Diminish Patriotism?" A"qilartetterUfJ" as-God-- - . " e ' , use-al- -- procedure of settling difficulties among the nations, localise it destroys life, it causes sorrow and dis- tress and leaves widows and fatherless children, who mourn the loss of those who are slain; and not only that, but very often estilenco and famine follow in the wake of this carnage and strife.. A peace meeting was held in the Tabernacle, Mrs. Mary John presiding. . " Services were commenced by the congreThe resolutions were unanimously susgation singing "America." President Edward Partridge led in prayer, after which tained by the vote of the house, Kva Ward and Walter Whitehead sang A eenerat eood feeling "Peace to the Dwelling.". Caroline Larsen, Pres., Mrs. John spoke a few vvords at the Kathinka Anderson Sec. of the meeting, expressing her desire that we shall sopu have peace. Mrs. AVillhm J. Knight read the peace -- Mrs: Mary A. Livermore lias just deresolutions. the of a stroyed hundred and manuscript President Reed b moot from this twenty original poems. written by! he took charge of the meeting. He gave a is going over her papers and ruthlessly brief address reviewing the call of peace. her old compositionsressays, burning Mrs. Marilla Daniels, representing the and even the manuscript of her lectures. A Relief Society, responded to the sentiment, 'whole regiment of scrapbooks, full of her " Universal Brotherhood of Man. " written comments, on the books that she A duet, "Life's Rosy Mom," was has read during the last half century, have .rendered JbyMessrs, reoige.BuiiesjiiidJ 4aielygoee;to-- feed-- 1 represent still the work of ' destruction" continues. . orex-a-ile- com-jnenceme- d. nt r,-Sh- e . l up-al- -- - ' Pratt on the Society ' htr--ftiiaTrra- nd" Iu 1S43, or thereabouts, several-brethrewere sent by President Joseph. Smith to the Islands of the Seu; one of the men who in opening up this mission was Ijtr Addison Pratt, who left his family, vife 1m"d children for Several" yearTuritrr which time the exodus from Native oc. Saints rrached curred and the Latter-dathis valley. Again in the fall of 1849, Elder Pratt was called to go the second time to the Society Islands, other Klders accompanying His wife was a very strong-mindehim. woman and also strong in the faith of the . Gospel, but this second mission seemed ah most aiiorc than she could endure, with a family of children to provide for in those early days of hardship aiid scarcity. n as-sist- -- ed " sr'-4y-Mis- ses Lead Ktta Parrer and Fern ClufT, and Messrs.Ray Claytcuaud Walter Whitehead. MRS. SEWALL'S ADDRESS. Miss Alice Keynolds responded to "Is Pe2ce Feasible?"Mrs. May Wright Sewall spoke on "The Universal "International Arbitration" was the subShe True Civilization., of the World.' ject of a talk by Miss Josephine Kellogg, of said: Club. In the new civilization the sense ot the Nineteenth Century or Must They ArbiBoys Fight "May it is resects strong; personal responsibility was discussed by Mrs. Ida Duseu-- . the child's individuality, and also recognizes trate?" and Superinthe unity of all educational agencies the berry, of the Mother's Club, tendent Rawlins. kindergarten, the school, college and uniThe Rev. II. S. Goodwin gave the senti versity. There is also a' new theology, in which ment, "The Slaughter of Innocents. "Through Strife to Peace" was handled individual conscience is substituted for the bv Mrs Sarah E. Kggertson, of the Sorosis dictates of authority, and which distin. Club. ". guishes between metaphysical doctrine and The meeting closed by singing the song, practical principle. 'It seeks the higher "Gloria." unity, all embracing. The new political economy recognizes the right of the individual, and the body PEACE MEETING, CASTLE DALE. politic as a body composed of units, each one of which must be respected. Its whole The women of Castle Dale, EmcrCo., of effort is to preserve-thMay 15, 1899, for rights employers met iu the Social-Hal- l, and to 'give "equal recognition to those'of the purpose of responding to the call made the employed; to unify all those classes through the Extonknt in' regard to the that have heretofore been kept divided. general peace movement. The new civilization results from all Mrs. Caroline Larsen, president of the The difficulties .in realizing this Relief Society, took charge of the meeting, these. We with Mrs. Kathinka Anderson as secretary. perfect unit all arise from selfishness. have long recognized that individual selfThe object of the meeting was stated, ishness was a defect, but national selfish- appropriate speeches, were made in favor of ness has been for a long time extolled under the peace movement. A committee was the name of patriotism, and has gone on chosen to draft and the followcleaving great chasms between different ing resolutions were read by the secreIn the tiew civilization the indi- tary: peoples. vidual will recognize himself at his best in RESOLUTIONS. The different his relation to the whole. Whereas there has been an appeal made to the professions will recognize that what each women of Utah to participate in the Czar's Incontributes is but a small ratio to what each ternational Peace .Measure, which he The different through his letter to the nations' rulers, suggested receives from the rest. and who nationalities will recognize their respective are to meet May isth at The Hague, Holland, in for the purpose of establishing peace dignities in just the proportion in which conference, the nations by arbitration in place of rushthe whole must transcend any part. Then 'among to arms difficulties among the nations settle to ing humanity will exceed national feeling, and of thejearth. therefore be it the unity, of the. race will exalt the dignity ,. Rksoi.vki, That we, the women of Castle Dale, of the individual. County, of Emery fair State of Utah, heartily this measure, and pledge ourselves to Mrs. Sewall put in a plea for a cordial endorse our influence in support of this move. Be it welcome to the Czar's disarmament con- - further Rr.soLYLi. That we do not endorse the present ference, which was warmly applauded. PEACE MEETING AT PROVO. ' . Nuii-resistance- fa- -' Mrs. Addison . was ".The Principle of sicken of by Mrs. L: 'II. Cannon, of the ' ..!. .. s iemperancc TTnth Wounds s rrprvsn!aiiv-l.V.e Wi Morci i j rii au Aim . y d Mrs. Louisa Barnes Pratt was an educated woman, and had seen better days before re ceiving the Gospel and gathering with, the Saints, whose fater in early days, seemed to be mobbings and drivings and all kinds of ill treatment from those whose faith was different; but Mrs. Pratt kept d diar and afterwards put it iu form intending to publish her life iu a book; but, alas, before she ever had the means necessary for.publiea--tioshe passed o;i behind the veil, leaving the manuscript for her children and pes-" . terity. Many readers of the Extonknt will remember '.her articles in the early numbers, .of the paper; always interesting and brist-- ' n -- ling with goxl points. I have requested the privilege from her daughters of perusing her manuscript and using some chapters in the Extonknt. And now, when so much is being said of women missionaries, it seems fitting to recount something' "of those who traveled long distances to carry . good news and the light of the Gosjel to' far off lands, at atime when such facilities , for traveling as we have nowadays were unknown. And now, let me inform our readers, that Mrs. Prattj from whose journal we quote, was the cousin (once removed) of Dr. Elvira S. Barney, so well known in This part of Salt Lake City and in Utah. her journal begins with a visit from Mrs. Mary Ann Young, who came at a time when Mrs, Pratt was much depressed in spirit and borne down with the heavy responsibility of her family. . On a certain day iu the month of March, 1840; Sister Mary Ann Young called, at . my house to inquire Tiow I was feeling, and whether I had any requests to .make of President Brigham Young. So distracted were my thoughts I knew not how. to answer her. She asked, "Have you a desire to go to your husband ?" I dared not say I had. So- great was the dread of such an immense, journey, I could not choose between trie performance of it without my companion on ' the. way, and another five years widowhood ! I told her Brother Tdmkins had offered to take us to California in case the Church decided to send us to the Islands. As soon as she heard that I saw she favored my going, I regretted telling her. v I trembled terribly. Sometimes fearing that Lmig be sent, and again that I might not. Could I have received an affectionate Jetter fro - m vr Ti "ujuuuu lulu iirfi' ii xjlv. vv. would have tranquilized my mind. , 