WOMAN'S ' AMERICA: Columbia's Land, ;i ri thy shores wen: found IV. men inspired, I') v, jat, it knew no bound, ja pure devotion, o.ey behold the sight, rrthcr md-- n d prai s t d God 'ftrZ, . .:uimg diem aright. f iht-irjo- - ex-Lon- y . 'i:' "r I- ; n . ..JvjltiiLtu .j: 5!Kian(j STT3Tul the weary Pilgrims Hocked, ;hii liappy 'clime, the Lws so broad and deep, f. H' the oppressed could. conie. resound with praise, .:!.- - atid vale.-- PaV : iemd, ; To oh : Wi.o ' i ,n V .; the Monarch's power, a home. u .well for longingin 'mid struggling r r In $,.':; on Nor let v j. Wi'bt' b.-nds- to lLht tile world, York harrbor stands. incandescent light, , d:y.nys grow dim, to earth's inhabitants, iwat-antr1 DTuIgent gleam. tall before thy power, M.v e ArJ c rumble; into dust, Vhy jV u e burn her. svveet incense, To, a '.I '.vLo in thee trust. The God of Nations rules 0:1 high, He hears their sighs, tneir fetters- - break, . - A"rH -r- frtr-H t 1 s puree t'ne tyrants yoke. An; r'r..! frond native land; V; n th'y Wars ba o'er, Wht n u: J thy cruel conflicts end, strife be. no more ? U'i. VYh.r. frevd Jin reigns fn.m pole to pole, The;:! Then I a reign of peace W.li u her in that happy day, 1'ro.ni bondage bring rele use. IF-'i-i name I love, Ilcrr.e of the brave and free, Free ca say ? while ia thy courts, d iuehters plead to thee? Uproot trulitiun from thy soil, Spring up grand fou tain pure and fiee, g For this thy maidens toil, And supplicate to thee, 1 F.-i- 1 r Amenc, thou favored land, A'uu'vfi freed the slaves at home, They ro v may reach the summit Of Ambition'spowerful throne, 'T'.vns ri ;ht, 'twas just but still a cloud, O'er thy fair Goddess floats, Clear it away, let freedom's bel'?, Chirr- - forth their sweetest notes. hills where towering peaks, fte-ter- '.: arise, points her golden spires, F;a! i tcd to the skies, , The nusts have flown and freedom's sun, in splendor shines on all, O'er city, vi hge, forest, glade, And tive hall. sty Tiut-juni-- e i " L--i- d Pride of the world, Te bow to thee, They ?j. thy strength, they .know thy power, 'Tis !v!r from, sea to sea;. Stretch fcrth thine arm, protect and shield, .u... ea liocor the oppressed, Amen; . ! -- 'd : - 'neatht ystarry folds ?.!:,-,-)- .Seek elt r may find rest. Lucy A Clark. Caluinil-:- - orrrfTp nf took it in and gave it. a lodg- - Would fif ytoy ennn-ctanr- p - The Red Cross Society is to be if-'- pio-p(;s- e organ- ized with a president and president of board of doctors and a chief stall, who will be general manager. It will probably have a j building in the near future lor its o.ui ex clusive use in Washington. Clara Barton will, of comsc, be the president. We are to have a Salt Palace and a Federal Building in Salt I,ake City. Vossibly the ladies have heard that the Legislature after sitting the usual time With the last day lengthened out to iGS hours, failed to elect a Senator. II lit let us draw the mantle of charily around our own . State and tall: of things which, perhaps,-arthe more important. The war and gallant their soldiers who are .wearing out lives, if possibly they escape the shells of the enemy, beneath a burning sun, chasing down the Rebels who are held together lor a time by the selfish ambition of one van, who, by the way, is said to have gained the love of his people by his -- justice, kindiitss and In the first battle of the 25th moderation. Americans one hundred and tuenTy-fivwere wounded' and fifteen' killed, three of Kleven hundred whom were U tah boys. and ten soldiers have been brought from Cuba and Por'o Rico to be buried in native The Cuban assembly closes and land. Gomez is to be recognized as a Cuban leader. R. M. F. e -- -- e -I- v - OCX). . . May In - Vere"" . - nine Jh'ki.-- h and one American, with time hundred lives, have been lo.-- in the terrific slonu.s of March. In China hundieds of villages have lien .submerged by Yellow river Hoods, millions of lives Ut'.and famine exists insomuch that they are obliged to call for aid. .. ICnglaud and Fiance have cvtne to a settlement, in Kgard to the division d Africa, and it is surmised that Amtiica- w ill arbittation at the Feaee Conference. We are t( Trusts. too.are ilourishimr. have a woolen goods Trut and a gigantic w hiskey Trust, with a capital of 128,150, t really-d- we-pin- - It is supposed that ten freight steamers, v In Speech can now be photographed. for pneumonia medical circles a The red marrow is taken has been found. from adead man's -- body, and used as a But what Serum. a' most cruel experiment was tiied by Dr.. TulTier in He Paris before a' number of his pupils. was called to the hospital immediately after the death of a young and,I presume, poor artist, and after trying all the means known to science to make sure the subject was ead he .proceeded with the aid of his pupils to lay bare the heart, and then with his thumb andsiingtr.manipuJated the organ, forcing the blood through the lungs The and body and ill us restored his life. dead man with a convulsive movement began to breathe, his eyes opened and the light of intelligence spread over his features. He was asked his name and in a voice that sounded a' long way off, or even as though it came from the tomb, he answered correctly. The doctor, then being worn out ceased his operations, and the poor man It was allowed a second time to die. seems this eminent physician had experimented some fifty times before on animals, and believes that when death is caused by a sudden shock, all other things being favorable, that life may be restored per' manently. A very sad affair has been the illness of of prose Rudyard Kipling, that great;writer and poetry who ba,s done so much to unite At a time when he England and America. seemed hovering between life and death his from little six year old daughter was (Tailed him. for a time. earth, which 'was kept from wife. What a trial it must have been for his t-is said ems written to him since one hundred not read, his illness. It is presumed he has them, as he is rapidly improving. We have had several ui.suuu. hotel Windsor the past month, one du the met deaths and N Y in which 15 persons the careless throw- cause, were injured, many 1 1 old fello'w. new-cur- America, thy 1 , sen I alitaTI of lier. Science records several steps in advance. b"i I'd .s 7 - 1 : - t f. j rein g-- eye; trtt he-fpiteu s e, hearts by her kind deeds and womanly tenderness. On one .occasion she had her cortez stonj id to allow the French train of one of the . to nas Another time i a' .small boy was found crying. The queen immediately stopped her carriage, assuaged his grief by giving him a few "coppers, and kit him smiling and happy. Iler retinue co::sisU:d of sixty 'persons, her chaise and her own bed. wmcn she takes with her w lierever she goes; her pet dogs, cats and i!.--.-- y Brooklynr (Jueeir Victoria's. viit-France, which W is said tn be so repugnant to the 'jeople oi that IvCjiublic, .seems to be progressing It is said she h winning their nicely. , ty -t- ut-her- ' death'. freedom on thy soif, . ,:;i I;:i:a. . Washington, " h'-ar- ts ! ;i ..... gj; ! iWp . i About the sime time the Spinish Cabinet nd rgntd the Peace trebly iiideeadeiit of the Ooitez. Our brave and gallant naval commander, Governor (Jeiieral and .statesman all in one, George Dewey, has been uade Admiral for hie, the oflke going, out of existence at his : Th-- ; Another in Omaha when '."twenty women b iped Two wtie (bulled to 'pieces .uidmtinv others setioulv hurt. .And still which I have atmiher in Chicago, a'nl t nut mct'.t !i i!'. il :tKii had an )ii'teidemic of crinu for which the i;ewspajers are largely . ly publishing every it-UT t a.i di I IT; u s Tit tTTi fgTt diFg prr.7 itav of the w iclud whirh would otber- wi.-pei haps, not Ik; tluatjht of.. The (pieeu of Xoiway and Sweden has placed a contribution box upon ei table, 111 U'!ii:!i ni'iv'i.l'iiv vMitnc ill IllliW'V to aid the Salvation Aimy. The love letters of that great and viitu-ou- s (?) king, Henry VIII to Anne 1'olyn, have been louiul in the hbraiy of the Vatican. They are sail to. be vny gushing and'b-.wishand quite characitiisUc of the j ats was cotisidcied a wry graceful . ict, rind a decided complhuemt to Great Britain. 1 . J, i t:.-- . . ITEMS OF INTKRKST... The remains of the lau- Lord Heisehell, Chancellor, v. o was sent to Washington to take a leading part in" ttle differences negotiations deigned to beiween th United "and Canada, - ! II for-lile.- , ! A--- KXro.'KNT, ' , j In Iceland m&n and women are in every respect political equals. The nation, which numbers about 70,000 people, is governed by representatives elected Dy men ana wo men together May Wright Sewrallr honorary. president of the National Council of. Women of the United States, and vice president of the Council of Women, has-- addressed a letter to the Czar of. Russia in the name of 1,250.000 Women, ol the United States in the membership of the. Council, .praisiugliimjbr 