WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 6S Shakespearian period, and that '' Woman's Exponent the object. ' . is-n- is n welcome 'to ajl who enter doubt ' .: The J'arish Churih near by. was not so different from many other churches except for its history, ..This is the. church Where the great Sbakespeaie was baptized on April at 564, and as it was usual to baptize 26, three days old, the 23rd of April is regarded as the birthday of the great poet. The record reads Gnhelmns. fiiius Johannes . Shakespeare. the remodeled ,but considerably leeli has It situation is fine, on the banks of the historic river Avon, a placid stream overhung with magnificent trees. At the hour we climbed to the top of the tall steeple,, the river was dotted with pretty little skiffs, and girls and boys in yachting costumes, merrily singing, chatting and laughing, leisurely rowing along the shores; a picturesque sight, fit IM, , Trmv !.,. .'r... ! o ni'iir,ntMv, r. tbtv on- - Ni rr.l o t;U WE VAX- . in l U' iruon . Silt Lake City, Uuh, ' Jl.oo; op- ropy ix months-dctv-;.r:.- il in .r mail, vxu'i cl'lb. n- - - CU V jaj-r.-25 CH. Mi iifu-- '61 n?npAricl d:-- . $3.00. A Ibm- '. in-,1' "ch VHvrtirisTif.-s- : J.-.month, V;",i.f on? timr c'our.l to ik"l1'ir auvcrtisTS.' KxroNKNT.irici-- . Room so3 IVmpVlon. .Vu!h hors from 10 ;v. m. to 5 p. m. Strret: Ilu-I- lr S ly, evcppt Sund.iy. .i'.I bu-.;n-- - ' " - nf ,1 a ? rvrry . c'nimuni(.tt'On to s Mrs. K. . Ii. WELLS.' , Si.t Lkf; Ciiy. Utah. Entered at the Pott Ope it S.it I.akf City, ( tah, as m.ttter. tecoid-cl.is- t Smt Lakk City. I' tah, A VISIT TO Novr.MnFR STRATFORD-ON-AVON- A perfect day in f . July, and a landscape as do-wit- - well-know- n n ed ' s . - or for a poet's pen 1, beautiful as it is possible for scenery to be. .took a Tuesday, July 19, 1S99, when we Stratford-on-Avon- . morning train in Nottingham for One's anticipations have someone's enjoyment generally, thing to and' the thought of visitiug the immortal Shakespeare's birthplace, and the scenes of his activity, where he lived and loved and wrote and became famous, to an ardent admirer of Irs genius was sufficient ,to "make everything appear glorious, if even the day had been dull and the journey Hut such was not the case; the tiresome. part of country through which ,we traveled There were many fine was charming. towns ami villages, and the great city of Birmingham, of which we 'could, from tile railway, only see- the signs of its "busy appearance, though we manufacturing We afterwards had a fine visit there. passed, on the way, many handsome villas and gentlemen's country seats, some of' to our pleasant traveling, them companion, who was familiar with man) parts of En gland, where his early life had been spent, V 0 reached Mratiorchon-Avoabout 2 p. m., and went direct to the Falinn, where we con, a very had been informed there were many curious and ancient articles, typical of the Shakespeare period. We found we were too late for the lunch hour, but were directed to a Shakespeara short distance up the e-restaurant street, quite as quaint as1 the inn itself We made some inquires at the Falcon from; the hostess, who had already assigned us rooms previous to our going out, and had informed us that the room given the writer had been Marie Correlli's room when she was a guest at the Falcon, and where she had written "The Sorrows of Satan. ' The furniture was very ; old style high post bedstead with Ueavy silk curtains and bell with long silken cord, which was one of a chime of nine bells, each having a name attached over each respective bell in the hall below, which was also the name of the room; this one-wacalled Silence. . We sallied forth to see the town and learn all we could of. its curious history. The streets were nan 0 w , an d g ave one the feeling of antiquity; the houses 'were old and many of them entirely. different in styk to those we had seen in other parts of England. Now and then, a house that looked fresh and new was seen, but the tendency seemed to be towards keeping up the old-fashion- 1 a'u artist's brush. Portions of the church are said to date from tbejime of the Conquest, and. to have been built on the site of an old Saxon Some parts have been pulled church. Altogether down, rebuilt and beautified. its history- is interesting, but a description of the church would take too much space and is not strictly a part of our visit. From there we wended our way to Shakespeare's house, low and rambling, where we were shown the chimney corner so famous for the many recollections of fireIt is said that at this side conversation. chimney corner of Shakespeare's father, who was Councilor and Bailiff, two of the highest positions in the town council, all sorts and conditions of men gathered to discuss the affairs of town and state; also the gossips, who only talked of commonplace matters, and' travelers who brought the This house, news of the great world. where Willie played in his infancy and childhood, is visited by thousands of pilgrims every year. After wandering through the rooms in the Shakespeare house, and reflecting upon the many incidents oiie has heard and read, one feels scarcely fit to mingle with the fresh, breezy people of the world; nevertheless, when the twilight was coming- on, and we were turning .corners and angles of the crooked streets, came upon "Ye Halle Crofte.'.'whete the lady of the Falcon had told us. Marie Correlli was lodged, writing two books, also that she refused absolutely to see any one. However, when one has traveled seven thousand miles one is not easily discouraged at trifles, so we made bold to lift the great brass knocker. A" porter in livery opened the,, door, and when he saw only a timid little woman, seemed greatly astonished. The errand was soon made clear,- and he said he would do his best to procure an interview, and to come at 9:15 or later, considering the circumstances. Leaving a card for the great author, we. hurried to overtake our friend, who was still wandering among the old,' - . - w-- e - historic places. After dinner or tea (one cannot always remember which) we donned our best traveling .apparel, and, at the appointed time, again lilted the brass knocker, and the sime fine porter-open- ed the door his face was wreathed in smiles when he said. "My lady will see you.;' The house is quaint; there are three gables front and everything betokens peculiarity The great beams overhead in the entrance room, which one would judge had been a living room, are lettered. The first to at tnict the y facing-thdoor- -' emediately e m SOrt .i The house was formerly ih h : EMMEtASE her-j- , of scriptural style and rtig, but. it makes one feel welcome, tiiouA old-fasjiiom- Tohn Hall, I who married elder daughter of Shakespeare. It is'vJ! sweet to be so warmly received by j ,,r ' . author when one is far frcm haui totally unknown except by name, as was the writer of this sketch by' tin's lovely -- ; - woman,' whose books have made Ler fa" mous the world over. She came fcvard to meet 'her caller with all the grace f a real Duchess, and was as elegantly diesvj. She wore heavy white silk with a profusion of white lace, and jewels that were i'!.iljn. also pearls upon her fair neck, which was white as alabaster. Her abundant wealth of golden aubuin hair was dressed W, a'n l fell about her brow and temples in loose She was leautiful asauu-amotresses. summer, and her face was like .sunshine her teeth like pearls and her li run! red. Remembering her, one cannot" wonder she can write, and that she is musical, the marvelously sweet tones of her .voice would tell you that. We talked freely of books and places. She said she dreaded the ocean, so sne jearen sne couja never visit .nutria. She sent for coffee and refreshments, and served them herself in the daintiest fashion in the finest Sevres china and silvi r service. She gave the writer her autograph and said . f e in the manner: "'O, Mrs. Wells, vou must have mv tivn most-positiv- no, W.t-- c am busy writing now. That is why I can t see people, every day I should be thronged with visitors." When we the titles, or what her books were to be called, she told us they were not named I ed yet. She chatted freely of herself, .her great trouble, her brother's death, her own, health, the crisis she had passed through safely when she had been attended by a, woman doctor, and how anxious she was to have everyone know how successful the doctor had been in the case. She also wss oif Halle Crofte, profuse in her admiration which she would like to purchase; and of the Falccn, where we were staying, and of Ann Hathaway 's cottage, told us what we must be sure and see m both these places; referred to the old church and the River Avon, with its boating; insisted we must have seen her rowing at twilight in a boat on the river, when we were gazing down from the church steeple; described her dress, a simple white , muslin and a whiter hat. Rowing is a pastime for which she. seemed to have the keenest enjoyment. lit was a very great pleasure to meet this charming woman, who has certainly personality, and once in her pres- : ence, one is not likely to forget the power of her fascination. r straw-sailo- - Early the next morning we walked through the lanes that led to Ann Hathaway 's cottage. A delightful day; the fields were thick with clover, daisies and red poppies, and the wicket gates and green hedges were more real than we could have We were imagined by reading of them there before the opening time, nine o'clock, so loitered about the quaint flower garden, and curious thatched-roo- f cottages were near as' well as the Hathaway house itself It is reputed to be this footpath that Shakespeare must have wandered over to meet his lady-lov- e in the soft twilight; quiet and luxuriant, about one mile, lroni Stratford nlrmo- the-- nsiVic tn .Shotterv. with , - . 