C7 a . 1 . - . ' ' ' jhe jiaiiot in Vol- - the Hands the Women of -- 7- THK BOSTON TK A PARTY. ' Soci-Fanti- y Tea-Party- ). Dead-Sama- Semi-Monthl- Jj. Later From Santa - Rto-Hts- Keorganization-En-,i- !U to Rest. Macisen Sec. Gone EriTOKiA!-- Women in the Legislature. : WORDS THAT BLESS. To' SISTER MARY A Ten-cWsoft- he Official Editorial Notes. and R. Police. State Society P. That Bless Alofa. 'P0ETKV:-Vo- rds . 'FREEZE. as we journey on through life, the heart grow weak from its toil and Honv oft strife; How oft we feel that the heavy load," ' ! too much for the long, long road But a cheering voice in the stillness heard, U all Sends strength through the ambient air, thought from a sister's lips Makes, ihter the cross we bear. Or a tender How nuiny ey-- s in the flight of years, Are always muU with bilter tears, Till the fountain of sorrow at last is dry, And only the pent up soul can cry; But an earthly angel whispers hope, . Who the sequel of life can so dimly see, Who faint or falter at every turn, Finding courage and faith so hard to learn To such a beautiiul word is given, A lesson of holy love, And they who for earth will not brave the ! 16. s On the afternoon of the tea party among . From 2 to 5 o'clock the narrow passageways, the stairways and rooms were thronged with people, "all filled with the' spirit of '73, if one could judge by their utterances, and all proud of their revolutionary ancestry. The large apartments of the olden time have been divided up into smaller ones and in several of these members of the various Chapters throughout the state served tea from tables daintily decorated with yellow clrrysanthemums and lighted by. .buff caudles -- with blue .shades. dressed They wore their hair powdered aud with high shell combs, and over their shoulders wore kerchiefs in old time style. Souveuirs consisting of tiny boxes of tea tied with ribbons of the continental buff and blue were given to all the guests. The ladies of the committee were Mrs. C. P. Heath, of Lynn, aui Miss Mary C. Sawyer of Wellesley, who were greatly assisted in their duties by Capt. Wadsworth fof the - the many guests were quite a number whose ancestors participated in the original tea party. Among those was a Miss Treat, whose irandmother. Helen de St. Pry, was . She married of Lafayette. Lieut.. Treat who was stationed at vasue Another guest island frouri776 to 179S. was young Kdmund Sears who celebrated his birthday by attending the reception, for his ancestors had 125 years before helped to Other guests throw the tea overboard. whose ancestors participated in the historic affair were Mrs. Walter Tower of Melrose, a descendant of John Spurr; II. Q. Hewes of Braiutree, descendant of George Robert Twelves Hewes; Mrs. J. D. Ronimus, descendant of. James Starr, all of the "party" and Mrs S. Agnes Sprague, whose ancestor was of the same notable company. of Man) of these told pleasing anecdotes their ancestors, which had been handed down in the families, and of which they are deservedly proud. The Padette orchestra ' played. There was no attempt at any formal been speechmaking. In fact it would haveof the almost impossible to do so on account Miss Hunt-dicrowded stale of the rooms. her say to a little circle surroundingworkthat she believed iu the patriotism of the ing for one's country, especially along line of good citizenship, and that next to the work of the home and the church should come that of the patriotic societies, which t strive to keep alive the memories of the hiseftoric past to inspire the youth to noble forts and the highest type of life 111 the a nod-daught- er r the life above. .- There are many others whose stalwart forms Are bo d and bent with life' heavy storms; Of toil they have.al ayshad tneir snare, They are weary now of the part they bear, To the hearts of these tried, feeble ones,' There's a source of joy untold the deeds of worth They have done in days of old. In whispers of , Are the thoughts which thus might bless, And they never render the world more bright, Nor make its sorrows less. But the world of hope in which you live, The words of comfort you often give, The kindly letters your hand has penned To son of brother or distant friend, Not only brighten the jeweled cro wn Which you m heaven will wear, t But help to s well the .throng who hope- To meet and love you there. ; '.-V "v. ," "Alofa. -- - -- . over the cock, which for many years swung- for him called courtyard. The tavern was in 1780, when he was made Governor. ot This sign was blown down a numberman killed a years ago, and is said to have The picture. is passing through the yard. somewhat broken, but otherwise the figure . upon it shows quite plainly.. Hancock Tavern History credits the old with having been the temporary abiding aud men ot place of all the early statesmen on note in the colony. The original house Bethe spot was erected as early as 1631. .house sides the older worthies the present Has sheltered Lafayette, Louis Philippe, Talleyrand and many others. revoIn the eventful years preceding the lution the tavern was a frequent meeting Not only was the plannecT there, throwing over of the tea made to iiom, but many other plots were STATE HISTORICAL SOCIETY. The State Historical Society held its second annual meeting in the lecture Jiall of the Templeton building, Jan. 16, Hon. sociFranklin D. Richards, president of the filled The hall was well ety presiding. and the program was instructive. rendered . Oh, these words of love ! how much they do To make us I etter bur hearts more true ! How much they help on the weary road! How much they govern our last abode! Vet oft in selfish hearts, confined . Boston The most remarkableothese decorations v. cifrti hparincra nortrait of John Hau- - . -. Massa-chusctte- -- storm - - The room where the guests were received the ancient is a queer old place, though rafters are now hidden behind a ceiling of On one of the walls is the followplaster. room the Boston ing inscriptions 'In this as tea party made their plans and dressed Mohawk Indians, and went to Griffin the ships (now Liverpool) wharf, .where, . Beavor and Eleanor and .Dartmouth lay, future. Dec. the of at tea, chests, no decorating was overboard attempt There 342 and threw are wall of the in one of them hung an but other rooms On ancient 16 1773." parts . which hung for many old paintings representing the differ-- nld lantern quaint . r wu.u fio -outside the' door of the old tavern. UU- u- i; famous. Uiu Imncp ent scenes 101 ...i,;Av. years Herald. is paves the way, Through which heave's light may stream. How many discouraged ones there be And that hopeful whisper Will try for Hunt tavern. Though it seems but an idle dream, - No 15, 1S99. . . "Bite Tavern," it is supposed because a .state society, Daughters of the small, lunch at a very reasonable sum could Revolution, should observe' the 125th annibe obtained there. E. Arc Do.--s . u lx'lpre historidus and antiquarians had to notice the place and to remember its ancient prestige, it was familiarly known as n U Rosa-L- ucy It sccined very fitting that the versary of the "Tea Party day" at the old For in Corn court. Hancock Tavem-ithe very room where the plot was concocted so many years ago the multitude of guests was received by the .state regent, Miss Sarah R. Urie. VWddioK Anniversary-Vio- let ! Stateand the Nat.ou. be-gu- CONTENTS: State Historical The Uosto-Ses-dntha C. Loveland y Ladies Meniotiam. -S. Woolley. Sec, U, W. P. C Carmichael- -! Schiller, Sec. Sarah E. Triennial of National Council. ia I) A'der. Kimball 4 Utah should fora Przcer to better the Home, the 0 SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH, JANUARY ' Gto , m ' , - ' Commencing Mrs. Browning on "Sweet Bird of Spring," accompanied the piano by Spencer Clawson Jr. Prayer was offered by Hon. O. F. Whitney. be presGovernor Wells was not able to contributed and ent, but in the paper he O. F hitney which was read by Hon work the with he expressed his sympathy of the society and pledged his Support in every possible way. Fresicteni ivieuttius uunv- me vvuiiw which : address to ig-M0- suggestions ' 