( orn atfs Expoiieiito 77 Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should CONTENTS. L S. Dickinson jv,, Summer Land yd ia I). Alder lV!eiv;h Castle Mrs. Addison Pratt A Wu'nan Missionary - - Wayne Stake R S. Rejvjrt 1 r,5- - ;....!, ); Mj. nav J1 I' Satjxoji 1 - ' . "O. S. A Woman of the Revolutio Alice Burke Visit to Stratford (n ;;c to Her Rest. . . r. d " r u N et es .iw : n-- A 7i- ' on - s. ". '. . 1 - j'..riK- to letter the ilome, the Stale and the Nat. on. iu arranging the pass ways of a city, .but there are no blocks. It is all miles, quarter 01 half miles. There aic no fences anywhere, and when one wants fruit or grapes to eat, he just walks into the other fellow's No. 1 1 (he boys killed several "cotton tails," then we drove out on the remnant of the desert, thai lay between us and the 11 ountaius that I Haare only six miles to the east of us. tter, myself that the old shoe had something orchard and helps himself, and at thcrsame to do with the final success of the hunters, time, he is welcome to all the roses he cares as they killed seven "cotton tails-- and six for. With my love for roses, you can "jacks" and got back home in two hours they said they imagine I have not neglected many oppor and a half; but, man-like- , t unities of that kind, and it having been would have had twice tint many. in a winter the dream of my life to spend I suppose you will be suiprisul when I can Southern California, vou imagine what tell you I have, lear.ed to iide-wheel elsecold weather to of it is for me read tie since I came here, and I am not going to to ot. the quantities leave until I have climlxd up to the top ot where, then turn, hrst roses that my friends provide me with, and the wheel track and .rode down. The laden see trees look and the out then orange avenue is twice as wide as the Salt Lake with green fruits, and, at the same time, streets. On eithir side of the avenue is a see the spring making its appearance in the line of orange and lemon trees, and the s and other centre is parted with a double row of the lilac buds, and the - . n 1 . Meeting. . J..S. Woolley y ' '.a ' " f. j,,.i Kr Semi-Monthl- A. ..Julia Club. ( Power SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVUM HER i, 1S99. Vol. .28. I.;: :; be a Mothl-iditMnl-. 1 .) . Love's Sympathy: .. Ellis K.Shipp . .Charlotte IVrkins SteW.n 65. 1. rose-bushe- .LOVE'S SYMPATHY. With I? mits of the morning. voice; whistling mystical in uime in the It tapped at my door the dawning. And bade- me awake and rejoice. "Twas music of exquisite sweetness, Like cadences singing above; It enrapt my soul in completeness, r of love. ' This heavenly message It breathed of a time in the future. hen discord and turmoil should cease;' And through all the world there should - - irsher, A reign of most infinite peace. with electrical swiftness, Should thrill every wavering soul, Cast malice from out of their fortress, All sorrow and sin to control. When love True sympathy binding together, ' The rights of each nation and land; When man shall meet man as a brother, And humanity- work hand in hand. 5 - When the leaven of eace in its grandeur, Shall bring all our souls to one shrine, To worship for ever and ever, One Heing our Father Divine ! K'LT.is R. . Shut. FROM SUMMER LAND. Dear Friend; Your letter took some time in making its intermountain journey, but finally reached me in this, the land of. the "fig and the vine," while I sat almost buiied in roses, thinking of my many friends in dear old Salt Lake. Knowing that they .were severing around their firesides instead of swinging in the hammock under the orange trees, made me all the more thoughtful of them, . because I do so hate the cold. I am going to Los Angeles in a few days for the winter, but at the present time. I am visiting with friends iri this country town, ih fact we are two miles from the town, but it is all like, town, though the .houses are quite scattered. We drive for miles and miles and see nothing but orange, lemon, fig, prune, : pomegranate andall kinds of useful trees, as well as every kind ot fancy tree that is supposed to grow jn a country where it is summer all tire year around. The streets, or roads, are all laid off with, the precision that would be used -- shrubs putting out their fresh, tender twigs for the new bloom. The loads are allr lined oiKeither side with beautiful trees, palms, roses and oleanders, so you can imagine what an afterThe homes are all comnoon's drive is. fortable and many of them elegant. At first it seemed strange to see no grass anywhere except a patch in front of each house. The saying that "orange raising and culture for 1 find that gojs together" is a true one, while the people all live on ranches, they, forget not the higher duties to their children, that is, to cultivate the mind as well as the land. There are, of course, no sidewalks, but each child has a wheel," and while he may live several miles from the school, he does not look upon that as a reason for being abseut. One day my friends drove me out to visit one of the largest canning factories in the state, where some five hundred or more men and women find steady employ nent in the fruit season. It cots between five and six thousand dollars per day to keep up the have running expenses of the factory. I filled forgotten how many tomato cans' they the day we were there, but they soldered three thousand every ten minutes, labeled ten thousand in .six minutes and loaded a railroad car in less than twenty minutes. Quick work, eh ? Another day we visited a winery where of grapes, and when the the juice they are hauled in, in big wagons, streams out of 'every crack in the wagon bed as the men'shpvel them into the' press with shovels something like your snow wine shovels, only larger. I saw dozens of vats that held from six hundred, to one thousand gallons. I am visiting where there are five lovely boys that rangeln age and they have .all done ' much twenty-six- , to make my visit an enjoyable,6ne, and One they have not failed in the attempt. a rabbit hunt day last week they arranged not for my pleasure. At: first they were success, and when I satisfied with their ' caught them out ofmy sighUjlippm old shoe in the box where they put their1 of the carnage. game at the bottom the- boys drove the horses and sometimes We shot the rabbits from the carriage. where drove through the orange groves, most beautiful shade trees you could im agine, and between each tree' there is .a Jarge palm tree, and in the centre is the white track. The avenue is six miles long and the good riders coast their wheels from the top to the bottom without a slop or a turu. In the three, weeks that I have been here' I have had more .pleasure and seen moie or the country than the ordinary traveler would see in that many mouths, because I have not confined" myself to the cities and This is not the season of railroad towns. the orange blossom or the rose, still I have always quantities of both in my room, and will send you an orange blossom to remind you of me. Love to old friends. 4 (Mks.) L. S. DickinSjN. Ontario, Cal., October 17, 1S99. rARLEIGM CASTLE. Learning there were some ruins of note, namely, Farleigh Castle, in Somerset; at the close of a warm, sunny day in July, comfortably seated 111 a Govehess (a four seated conveyance in which two can sit On a side") with an r.greeable driver, we set out castle. for this The 'sun. was gradually sinking in the west; tool breezes fanned us, as. we drove The sturdy 'little pony briskly along. worked with right good will, quickly get ting over the sr iooth, hard roids. Often I had heard of the Green Lanes of England, and her abundance of buttercups and daisies. 'Now here they were, buttercups" and daisies, daisies and buttercups. Everything so trim, hedges regular, and, for the most part, well 'dressed.- So much more lovely than the board fences, or barbed Everywire that enclose our own farms. thing here speaks of order, industry and far-fame- . owher-jraises';z- . d . ' -- -- care-takin- g. Passing along, an old stone house of rather large dimensions, ws pointed out as not being inhabited for years, the reison had being that long ago a young girl drowned herself yand ' was .brought from the: PhalriesTiver to t his iiouseTaridVas buried from there, her stepmother not allowing her to be brought home. It was tiie oia matters of story of parents interfering in the heart. The mother of the young man .,; " . - ! - ' ""X 