WOMAN'S i ' LADIES hemi-Monthl- SEMI-MONTHL- MEETING.' Y .Meeting, of August ,5th, in the 14th ward hall, Counselor y 1899, JUlZaDeill WCOO prestuing. omuij;, uuu moves in a mysterious. way.' Prayer .by Sister Margaret O glorious ' "Arise, Singing, P- - Young. Minutes read Zion." President" M. I. Home hoped the sisters were not losing interest in this and other Thought at the present time meetings. more diligence was required of us. Spoke and the of of the law necessity Of tithing, our observing this law; believed if we did all the poor could be cared for, ."the Temples supplied, and there would not be a debt upon the Church. Spoke of the necessity of mothers teaching their chii"-reThere will only be to be a few chosen to" do the important things of wa.c uj' iiuu uui uc lou S work. Let us apprealways the sleepy virgins. ciate' what God has given us and pay our fast donations, for this is a law of the n. , s. il Church." Sihter Jane James rejoiced that. shelled had the privilege to see the Prophet Joseph Smith. Sister Mary Morris. made some excellent . remarks. President Zina D. II. Young said: "We Exhorted all are all seeking after truth." to come to meeting and bring their friends. "God Jiad said meet often'and speak often one to another, and a book of remembrance -- Spoke of the necessity of women keeping tlie commandments of God, for we all feel the influence in our homes and elsewhere. Sister Brown believed all should- come together and hear the testimonies of one tinblher; she always loved to tell of the glorious principles of the Gospel. Sister Armeda Young spoke of the love she fell for Sister Zina and Sister Home, our leaders; of her faith in thelaw of tithing. Sister Nightingale spoke of the blessings of the Lord to her, and desired to have wisdom to raise her children. Another sister spoke of the promises God had made to the widows; they had been fulfilled in her behalf. Spoke of the increase of faith in her children through the law of tithing. Sistei Phelps believed a dark day was She then coming to prove the Saints. spoke in tongues; the interpretation was given by Sister Maria Y. Dougall. Sister Mair said she had received a great many testimonies by attending these nieet- meetings.- Thought we should attend to our children and teach them by example. Sister KUis had many things to be thankful for. She always had a testimony. Sister Margaret P. Young had embraced the Gospel more than fifty years ago, and she had always tried to obey the priestShe had hood and attend to her duties. ever henored President Brigham Young. Sister Bathsheba W. Smith said she had always loved President Brigham Young and those who had succeeded him. Sidfr T irlfltp snrYLrf nf :hf hlpincrc rf the Lord to her, and her firm belief in the law of tithing. Sisters "J. S. WoolleypMary Morris and Julia C. Howe, bore testimonies. President M. I. Home thought we should Announced the conincrease ju numbers. ference to be held September 2nd; also spoke of the necessity of storing grain." is Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Sing Benediction, by Sister ing, Doxology. Brown; kept." 0 - - - r. ... . J. S. Woollky, Sec. Minutes of meeting held in the 14th ward hall, August 19, 1S99, Counselor K. ' J. Stevenson presiding. Meeting opened by. singing "Redeemer of Israel." Prayer by Counselor Steven-son- . "Mrs. Ida H. IIAkriik, since the Women's f i and approved. tithe-payer- KXPONKNT. . been sight-seein- g T.1..'.l tit- - os,. , International C(m,,' in England, Scot! . 1.: ..V. .! r CI...'. Petersburg, and to return about 1. to Washington. where slw 'l 4ir,( ' D ,U11;' ;m . . ' na the winter." t f i "TiiK convention of 'the National Army Nurses' Association, at Phjhdelphh . Singing, "Lord we come before Thee au attendance" (,'had unusually large The now." of session feature the was the appearance rv5 Sister Stevenson said that President i t'v Iiusted that 'Miss Clara Barton, of the Red Cros Home had gone south. Mis. Kli.;!.uth U'V while we were together we should have a who made an' i.ddress. "I am now,, and have Ewing, of Plueuixville, Penn , president of profitable time. been, passing through, it seems to me, the the association, submitted her annual and those of other officers were, read " But the most severe trial of my life Lord knows why; I am trying to acknowledge His hand and say 'Thy will,- 0 Lord, This is what we all Save Your Money! not mine, be done.' , re-por- t, - have to come to. We are told we are to be And when you a dollar, tried like gold, seven times purified in the i gl Zion'H with Bank a N.ivings Trim will knows what Lord the and try furnace, Company, the oldest and large.t Admonished the. sisters' to be us most. ank in btah. faithful and true to their covenants, and go Since the ihinoD t of ),.,n. we have opened more than 1!j.m uv. to the Temple whenever possible; it would ins accounts. give them renewed power to overcome; that is whit we need continually. The laws of Utah permit nnrri.-Sister Shaw said: "I feel to rejoice that women and-a!children who are minor to open avine; aeeonnts in their own I am here this afternoon, and enjoy the name. to their own on!.;-- , nave good spirit. I feel thankful for the Gospel. If you, Mudt an aeeoant' I came here when I was a young girl and I ' one NOW. have tried to bring my children up in the Ve pay POUR I'KIt CKN-IX-right way. I have done a great deal of K.ST Kit on do! from amount any oat Temple work and I hope to , do more. I htr to and " eonipaio e aid thank the Lord for all His goodness to me. four times a year. inte!i't Sister Dickison said: "That I may keep WKITK for any information desired. faithful is the greatest desire of my heart. The greatest blessing is the spirit of jUie r..O!!i:N7() SX')W, Pre-t- . (1 1.01:0:1: M. Cannon', Cashier Lord. He has lengthened out my 'days through obedience to His laws. I have Xos.'l-3-- r Main Stiver. tried to live right; to be an example to those around me. I thank the, Lord for the Mother:. "I am surprised, my dear, that privilege of coming to Zion. I prayed to sulTer a man to kiss you.!" Daughter;-"Bu- t the Lord when a child, and I was healed you I mamma don't call it sufTering.'' by the 'power of God, and promised I should be better and gather to Zion, and that the angels of the Lord should adminis- to me in times of need, which has been Dr. verified. What a testimony it has been to me We now live in a time when we IX need a great testimony. Let us be honest Will eoninif nee her next CLASS in our dealings with each other and the OBSTICTKICS AXD XLTKSIXG on world. We all have an experience to pass Monday, Oct. Kith, 1891V through. I have great faith in the Gospel: 'ess 75 Xorth, Stute St., Salt We should live our religion. I have had Lake r City. I desire to teach my many testimonies. children to do right. My children are all to iiie." Sheaheu referred to poor Sister Howard's great grief in the accident to her little boy. Sister Stevenson felt thankful for the very pleasant interview we had enjojed. and . the good spirit hat had been with. us; Removed to 48 Bnd 50 Main St I' and suggested that wexofier a special prayef for the afflicted motherland friends in this terrible accident, and for others who are SALT LAKE CITY. .afflicted; also announced tlie conference in two weeks at the Assembly XHall. Meeting adjourned for four weeks. Siuo-Benediction by Sister ing Doxology. The wniteiiouse. i po-.- it . -- nt-t- . uvir-N ojK-- n T thou.-and- H, ffpzi t ! . E.K THOMAS - . - Leading Retail , K. J.S. , Sec. ptetn . - "Every night this same lady sits in front of us with her big hat !" said a playgoer to his companion., 4'Sir,4' snapoed the lady referred to, turning sharply around upon the. speaker, "I wear a different hat every night." ; ; louse R.K.THOM AS 