. 1' WOMAN'S rl KXPOKivNT. 139 ;CA.T1QN AND MOTHERHOOD. This is a day when rims the heart' that' is full of love "th. much thought is ' ex-rinde- d and a great deal said upon the sub- i ne colleges nave long ;eCt of educaiion. for the higher education of man, tlourisf'.'-- J but no v their doors have been thrown open vitcd to enter there. ; She an( woHnn isin she will be, minister, can'-- ' choose what lawyer, doctor, or any other calling that is there, tangm, or mat sue naiuraiiy inclines , spiritual thoughts well develop, reaches uiu ior uie land ol glorious, suunv hand. scapes, ami life as a river Hows' ou'ami on to f tfirtilltf'i-o - sea, ilLI OhS 't i 'iOi WHICH . . u j I ! other, though both in the same gfade; while working their mathematical problem's one evening together, they could i)t obtain the correct answer to one that was rather more difficult than the others. They tried I rvf ..,..!.. .1 11..- .- .V... t... 1. ........ traveler home to minima. These were some of my ..All these feelings' produce .music in the younger children', and as it was some thirty mother's heart, thrilling her offspring .with since my 'school day's, I was fearful "oi emotions, and though they may drift that I had become rusty in some of these to. away from its melody, yet some' chance things. After they had read the problem, sciences admirhave and their arts The breeze may touch the chords and over, I read it. myself, then asked the Music charms the changing ers "and true devotees. will they vibrate, playing the tunes Ming of different methods they had used in trying ninds of some and painting of. others. old to solve it. It became clear to me that mother, and her undying intlu-encTheology claims some attention, and 'wo-- . will again be felt. She may be sleepthey had not used'the right rule, so I said nan is now a regularly ordained minister on the hillside, mountains and oceans try the rule of- seven. They immediately ing of the Gospel; and why not since she is may separate the child fwrr- her resting went to work and the long desired answer more spiritual minded than man, and living place, but the visions of youthful days will was obtained. .Looking up at me admirlire is love of the and devotion in her heart arise, and again he will hear her loving ingly, one said to the other, "Mamma knew and divine. wohuman for things Thus, words and listen to her counsels. The love didn't she?" And a realizing sense came field wider has and of poetry also has a man's expanded, grown to me of the different feeliinr thev would strong force, refining is she with all this touching other chords of broader; but happier melody awakened have had, had mamma not known. these all dignified positions at by the words of inspiration, which flow into knowledge, The education obtained in school days, is her command ? the soul making all things glad and fair. only the foundation on which to erect the Can cilice or emolument fully occupy her I have known men life who young structure. As the stones rise higher spoke heart, or cause the throbbing of tender ortne and imparagingiy religious girl, choosing higher- on a building, they must be Can aught make up for the www emotions? nu n a polished more and more, the eyes of men Does not this chum of inu), wvaeiuus, imi wiuiai loss of noble motherhood r thoughtless youth. Jhit they resting upon the surface as itsrises to view. over advanced education have a tendency to should consider well before staking so much So men scan your life work, mothers, fascinate the mind and draw it away from of weal or woe upon this momentous choice noting its roundness, fullness or completethe true elixir of life, wifehood and motherhIn wwhose hands would you entrust the ness; for as your children attain to manhood ood ? The question may be asked, should eternal welfare of your child? . With the or womanhood, they display to a greater or rirls be educated as much as boys? I giddy and frivolous, or the' the nature of the great oak that calm, serene less would answer yes, and if I could only edu of eye faith, that clearly weighs life's acbore them; and like branches they spread cate a part of my family I would bestow the tions, determining a life beyond the bounds out into the world, reaching heavenward, or most upon the girls. Why ? Because they of earth? That hears the voice of God in being of the earth earthly, showing weakhave the moulding of the next generation in the babbling brook, and the rustling of the ness and failing. But I must add the their hands. They form the characters and leaves of the forest. judgment is not always a righteous one; regulate the standard, either high or low, of Solomon 'said of old ."With all thy getfor perchance when you were weary and our future Statesmen, Presidents and ting, get understanding," this is as true to- resting in fancied security, an enemy Governors. day as when it was uttered. Should we entered your garden, sowing thorns among The teachings of the mother last forever; irct education ? Yes. but wk;h it pet uiuk r- - your choice wheat. Mothers be early and indelibly they are stamped on the minds of standing. Oh, daughters of Eve who late upon the watch tower, constantly overtheir children.This power of the mother choose some profession for your life com Will looking your own little garden plot. for good or ill is indescribable. Then how panion have you thought of the bye and you become weary r Yes, verily! Will should a woman be educated ? For some bye ? - Of your barren lives, when- you sit you always thus have to watch ? No ! ' For ""vocation in life either high or of prestige, alone and desolate, that you can' only gath- - the day comes, aye too soon, that they will or the greater, grander mission to bear the er husks when the reaping time comes, as go forth into the great wide world- - leaving souls of men ? Being a wife, holding that it surely must ere the sun goes down'?, you to rest on the battlefields of the Past. sanctified position in the home, to be a How much good has your early education Motliers(there are many still of the old school) mother, a very queen in that world, where be your daughters' companion, teach them done in raising your sons and daughters ' all her I advocate there is nothing of earthly happiness, that who today shine' in the world ? Has not subjects are her lovers. the highest order of education, not that is not known when their babe first clasps- your heart beat warm and fast with thanks alone contained in its tiny arms around their necks; and as to God, that you were thus well equipped books, which is excellent, useful and but sweet as the songs of angels, their infant's for the race of life?- - Then to the knowl perhaps indispensable, the broader education of the heart; to undersfirst cry; while her very being trembles edge early obtained, how many glorious tand its language, and bring to perfection with emotioii when the .prattler calls her principles, not then dreamed of, have been the spiritual Your views and thoughts have added. nature implanted therein. To comprehend its whisperings, its desires for The days of book lore, to some extent widened and deepened until mellow with ' a higher, fuller life. being overher love directing the growing years, your wisdom doth shine. The mind cultivated Then educate the girls, not one sided, to alone can be likened intelligence of the child her knowledge unto the beautiful, green oasis, amid a should be used in instructing the men and shine as butterflies in the world of fashion Should the mother 0, no, not that I Of all things imaginable jfcsert of sand; banks of sand where the 'women of the future. footsteps of mea are lost. Such green neglect her own mind, starve it that.it bear this is the most foolish and hollow but to spots are veritable be true, noble women, like Timothy's gardens, beautiful to the not precious fruit, because of, these endear eve, but mother, Eunice,, and grandiriother, Lois, .leaving them for the onward ing ties? No ! assuredly not," The knowl journey of life, they are edge stored in days of youth can be brought wThose faith was so well known to the only vaguely remembered while with heavy feet forth from time to time, to enrich the Apostle Paul. w vast oceans of plowing So that with. all the advantages and eduminds of the children. They must look up sand. ' m. the heart, consider its ! A to the mother; feel that she possesses the cation of the" 19th century, so nearly the beauty eu where luxurious acme of wisdom; then they are willing 29th you may never be shipwrecked from flowers bloom be-'very eath a Southern yesterday, today and sun; whose grounds roll-- t and respectful subjects. Mothers live with God, who is the same office ' and position now the forever. Let .and verdant,-i- n perfect order, are g vour children, answer alb their manifold of woman, but serve as a as far as the eye can reach. Groves questions, for as often as you say you don't within the reach lose a. part of your means to ah end; that end being a higher ' Uli often as aud you the where know, song just stately bir l r Then this age so Must and nobler Womanhood. sumtller trill their sweetest notes, cnnrpmarv in vour home kingdom. lionin invention and progress, with the .uPP?ng from bough to bough, and twitter- - vou live' a life at home, and one qufside of fruitful the beavy leaves a11 the happy it ? Yes Must you retain ana aaa to ine rapiu miwcs ujauc uu uic cicvauun ana day t? education .of woman, 'will shine in the ark v Yonder is a' river,. broad and education of early years? Yes! clear t,1' T call to mind an instance when I. had nals of the world forever. v'y ana peacefully winding its nv sea ttle great, sea that ever .:Xydia D. Alder? ; two sons in one of the higher classes at sorbs unnumbered restless school one being two years older than the ,v Saft Lake City, Jan. 24, 1899. . yt-ar- s . -- , by-the e - - - - - ' ' -j ex-noin- -- - n-- ! j , 1 ab-nve- rs by its j 