' it?. "WOMAN'S 1 whose' crests ever mountains )iv As with tternai snow uw. in the not sung by the supers 'e:rJ ... wh"in (hey tower in grandeur hears tak so with the poet who in "in the" floating wind whisperings wonder-!-.e its af to whomry the sea tells in the sunset, feel-i- J sl,ei,,g-glo. l"cc in "noonlight and intuitively fifi " "- 1 fl f S tie end. Irngs seem to 'such a beautiful mind was Sarah Is,. in Long Island, but Carn chad's. Born scat-- J to Utah when only a few r v marked the, site of its present I the lowly walks of life Spal limited, to her. inspired soul ats lore her de-Bible' was an open book, even as the sky so richly painted over the rth varying sunsets, reflectingof burning Great Salt Lake like the glory mountains worlds hanging high over the away, the " chancing panorama fading roUus amber and gold, to paler softer L as the day:god sinks to rest where the throb of disline of water and sky meets. A on the heart hat appointment falls coldly A child of Nature sight an go no farther. undersshe read from her wonderful book, n tanding her secret laws intuitively, more than she taught her. t tr, irn to Switzerland to ci- ,iu,i God displayed in her majesty of . t Willi wondrous sno.w-ciamouiuaiiw, hor No as a cenery, her ravishing sunsets. child she accompanied her parents in a prosand rugged i. aic way across the wild plains soul might mountains,that here her poetical ui &i U know-isgeve- see-tn- e -s- d L see of aud feel the glories so famed in land. WinwLtbe .Yestftftul flower of love. 1 hey pngniCQ mcir vows at ine auar in xou, against much kindly advice from the friends nf "- hiVth .. - ' .' iKAfi thaUar Like an v.v prisoned bird regaining - 'The goldt "l ' . . - - home his This visit over then for her where thoughtful love had provided she still lives, never knowing that the great on its altar love of a .lifetime still burning her a has gone forever from earth; leaving loss widow who knows not of her great LovHis was a grand and noble nature. he made them his ing little children dearly so kindly to them. friends, always speaking Thus I remember him in the Long Ago. One of her friends, Mary v. xuuuk, thesad suehapngh. no loss, no pain, God are Yea; the ways of her Hfe and past finding out; but theigh secrets the de of eternity will reveal the conditions of this hfe signs and the ,sing a I would that here she.migflt the other I fancy that over on of the old will change the words ones and say, poem for new . l.i..-l.,-:;4ieel..to'th- . ; Me ' Jhat flows to eternity sea; Giver,... To God the Good besides Sunday services. At this triennial of the National Council next new officers will be elected for the term' of three years, and the subject of the International Council in London, England, which is to be held the last week in June oi of this year, will be an important feature the work to be considered. The Natiouat Council of Women of the United States is composed of the great organisations of women in the United States and 'neA membership makes naiuiaiiy auwu m any, work it the of the con il try. tin Annyra Ladies intending to visit Washington down in time during the winter should go ofto attend the meetings of the triennial the council. g counl-giroCTfaf- over Often we spoke, of her, musing Af wreck of r. nusDana s uwiu over the found pinned was his gifted wife were soothed at beatings weary whose hean Down by the river, The bright flowing river, GWer- me. Whose love is ever o'er 189S. The National Council of Women of the m United States will hold its tiiennial Universalis!, tl Washington, .D.: C at streets, church, corner of G. and Tenth12 to 18, meetings commencing February There will" be ten public sessions, 1890 and two very, important business meetings, to-th- eir SI " TRIENNIALOFNATIOXALCOUNCIL California! ' And over the river The smootli fl'uving river Where my loer U waiting for me, We'll praise the Good Giver, Our God the Good Giver Through ages- unknown of eternity. .December, ! in-ta- , Lydia I). Cheer for the queen of the Western wave California! ' Where the sunbeams walk on a golden pave, And the moonlight hides in a silver cave, California! - Where ihe day that comes to this land of ours, Finds the.bright.est gems and the rarest flowers, Where the lingering day when it must depart, Leaves the lat red pulse of a broken heart, 'few k the sea." - . f" .safe over It is to be regretted that her book has Stolen Sunbeam, gone out of print. The The Wounded Hinl, Faith, President Lincoln's Funeral, with California are among her gems. Ai.dkk. and since house where pointing opt to me the the spirit of prophecy falls heavy on her story Mss'Carmichael passed her girlhood days.. the ciouas 01 inc. luims ft,o, ctom tmnd of Fate reveals a dark river on whose banks she cries fnranrovpr W her boat may be. safely guided over its broad bosom. As her years increased so was she shy and deeply sensitive.Out. of. tune with with her her surroundings not harmonious family, to whom she belonged only by birth, thisehild of thought sighed for the known. companionship that she had never At the age of eighteen she began sending some of her verses' to the Deseret News tor At" first the genuineness was publication. a doubted; people wondered that so gifted writer lived among them, yet to them unknown. Friends began to gather around her, and she was sometimes spoken of as others the 'Lily of the Valley." Among Williamsher Songs touched the heart of Dr.' on who was stationed here as an aimy surgeon, and from a feeling of interest for us true fond lov-rWho ever is waiting for me. devotion, patience, long watching and solitary prayer. All earthly power was brought to aid in her restoration, but to no avail. By his side he decided she should remain, under his own care. So for twenty years, and even till he was called to cross the as ne bright river of which she wroie, dreams true to his charge. , Some of their were realized. A wedding trip to Ohio, then a short visit to California, whose beauties enchanted her and she wrote, me aridm! Calm is the rhettide The bright, golden 'rivertide That shall give my lover to me. My kvu.... -- I. ft- - O'er the ui-- e iiver The ro'l roliitig river That ever flows on to the sea, uuih-'cuui- g koyftKliid-haserselnSp a x Z: riven told ciusouva vw v. od for my "God guides them mm u uis origiuesi ' nonunion uns siue ui mc. , t 01 life became like a beautiful poem telling Vipr neart, as cUrrkti., . This brilliant, and gii)rd mind, went out The even as a lamp to utter darkness. ! surging, dark river had engulphed it And oh, sad is the spectacle of a loved one living yet dead. .The sorrowing husband of a year accepted with resignation the blank life stretching 111111; n s;tnd rivcrvidf You have pt.iyc il for And solemnly said for us But alas! for dreams of fame or love! out before hank . us.-prayt- .1 man earui. jisJrre4ierurstsfngtsvniDathv: nair.,:u ,;tt-oit Now down by the riverside ' 1 1 ... strange, published 'a few of her choicest poems, a has been" read by the writer. copy of .which r 11 I.. it was lonuiy nopea11uy.ner inenuh mat tinder these new and happy conditions her songs would soar higher, grander, purer is. and be as 'much more beautiful as heaven . . v,o,Uptiyx : h'-ti- ' '. j it, t u is Hut gladavim Swift flowit.g'nver Miblime Many stiips come over if, Gt idly sail over it s.id riu r of time. This . t . rutas Not . whilf thev were dreamincr their love dreams, some of the doctor's friends and admirers .ol tlie. poetess collected and. Tti - ExOOl' 4 the melody of birds. , of a finely strung mstru-- s A rough wind jars its his soul. unskilled hand, produces discord . - t' caHess never, heed, yet to the .....:,i..k-- nttuned a rude shock is c u" 'nit' The poet is also a dream-cloud- s piled high up in the i tles to him, wlierem dwell liklr". ol his fancy. Sometimes they some- in waters .Icep and blue; Simb ins the shining hills which but f the City Golden:some-Ithe wans sailing on and on over till low down &ta warn of lost sea, to view where all horizon they are ai,Ln" - ' .. rr - shod Gov Roosevelt has ridden rough York New over the susceptibilities of the first time the Governor 'Antis'This is the woman sufof New York has recommended in Massachusetts frage in his message,, but Secreit has been a frequents occurrence. was Governor ot tary of the Navy, Long, terms and always Massachusetts for several .mes-ag- e his in recommended woman suffrage Massto the Legislature. Among other done so achusetts .Governors who have were Govs. Claflin, Washburn, Talbot, These Butler, Ames and Gieenhalge, cubeniatorial recojnmendations do not have. much influence on the action of the Ugts-.. subject lature but they call attention and stir up much wholesome discussion. to-th- e - . 