6 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 10 . "Hail. Kach society a good worW. sTrcp ' , slim n g rfi-i- ' . ' 1 1 1 r r . . . ful people living- in these" eriotis dasan(j for the : a g u an inn ty " and .i'y'ni pa t h y w hich - are the essence of the Council idea." May all inembers and observers come to the' Third Triennial with the reverent desire to be ltd by the light. -- On behalf of the executive: ' i . fo-.d- ' May Wright Skwau,, Pres. 633 North Pennslyvania St., Indianapolis indV '' Lol'isa Bakntm RoHni.Ns, Cor. 25 Broad And when you . . . -- ' . e - s . v - ! ur,'t-'- ldt iirol . r r a on "any '"amount" from one (lul- to thousands, and compute said inteie.-- t fjur times a 'year. WKI'J'H for at iv information Tl-'UKS- la i de-ire- d. Wilfoih) WiHU)i:i:rr, . . - dul'ar, tifq.oit it Zion's Tru-- t B;nk t ho and r'oinpany. " hank in Tf.ih. Siheo. the of thf hank we hav. opned more than T.ii) ,av. inrs accounts. ,x The laws of Utah pcrnut u;arri-woiiivn afni al-- o eliihii en who are minors to open havings aeeounts in tle-iown ownonier. Have name,' sul)jeet to If not. on.-vou such an a'eoaiU? ' on. NOW. W, pay FOUR' PKIl CKXT IN- u ith th-u- I 13th-rSth- . Xos Guuiun: M. Canwox, Pn.-- t. Ca--hir-- r Main Street. W Mrs. Mariana W. Ch ipman, President cf t h ; ; N e vv -- V rk vS t a t e - W . S . - A . ,'. -- writes:Please say jn the Journal that the thanks of every local suffrage association in the State of New York should be sent to Governor Theodore Roosevelt. "His address is lion. .Theodore' Roosevelt, Executive Ex.. Mansion, Albany, N. Y. , - Governor Pingree of Michigan made this V recommendation in his message- to the, 4,I earnestly recommend that Legislature: such legislation be enacted as may be. necessary, requiring the appointment of at least one woman on the advisory board, and of at least one woman physician upon the staff of each State institution, charitable or corrective, having women or girls as , '' - in-- ma tes. . . DMAS s , -- . . Removed to 48 and 50 Main St. SATT Z.AKE CITY in'-London- ' -- 1 ' Sec. St., Adrian, Michigan. Save Your Moncv u-- e i, ; 1 th . T .1 . 1 y meL-ting- 1 -ff President James p.. Steele said he was pleaded to meet in Kelief Society conference. He..11 ways liked to be on time so as to. hear the; petitions that go 'up to the I'ather'and conference in Salt Lake City it was decided ..partake of the spirit 'that we may, be in pos-- , Trint ih'f- (lav of March should be the It is rieces-saim: jion of it in our conference. and hat we should come together. that the annual day of the Relief Society; vied the sisters to; make it a good v beiiistructed .and encouraged. people .0 the needs of His jeople and profitable day; The I.oro also General Board, tlx:. of .TheTifTicers thus we have t vve privihges. He could. officers were unanimously sustained. whi) did not at see in meeting vu, 10 adjourned for three tend these conferen ;d dul not parts jce Conference was then were w t so months Singing' An angel from on high." of the" spiritual , that It looked as though the re- Benediction by Eider Benjamin . Bennett. energetic. K. S. Brunt, Sec. sponsibility of this work were resting upon .a few. An object in coming to meeting should le to be fed spiritual food and inCOUNCIL OF WOMEN structed. The reward is to those who-ar- e faithful all the dav long. Spoke upon the' PATH OP MKKTING AN I) TOI'ICS TO KK in this sisters the of grarrfTnopcd stoiing DLSCUSSKD. nd more bushStake would add two' tbo els .this season to their grain. Urged the ' Members and Friends of the National Council of Women of the United States: sisters to their surplus quilts in blessing the poor and keeping thun from suffering The Third Triennial of the National Said the more he became with the cold. Council will convene in Washington,!). C, broadthe with organization-thacquainted I he formal opening will e er and grandvr tt was, prayed God to bless Febiuary 13. a religious service on he by preceded us that we might enjoy this conference. afternoon of February 12'. A prefatory 'resilient JC. J. Bennett willed there had 'business meeting will 'be held in the' parbeen more present to, hear the words of lors of the Arlington Hotel on SaturPresident Steele and the spirit they, were .Business n. said we were making a record for day evening- February given meetings will occupy the mornings of Montime and all eternity. February 13, and Saturday, February Meeting then closed by singing 'Lord day, The formal op ning will occur on the iS. dismiss us.-'-.' IJeuidiction. The Afternoon session oj)ened by singing evening of .'Monday,'- February 13. and mornings of the. 14th- 17th,. inclusive,, "The time is far spent." Prayer was of- the. , inclusive, evenings of the. fered by Patriarch 0. Harmon. Singing, sessions. The will be "O, ye mountains high." Minutes of the formal' occupied by "public adjournment, which is fixed for the afternoon session of the previous conference of Saturdav. the iSlh .will be fob weie read and accepted, after which Sifter evening the 19th Kate Bennett was released as Stake treasur--e- r lowed on the aft.T'notm of Sunday be of the Relief Society, and sustained and by a religious service. The. meetings will of set ap art as assistant secretary, and Sister held in the Universalist Church, corner Alice Bo aner was released' as assistant Tenth and G Streets. like the one The term now treasurer, and sustained and set apart as which closed with-th- closing, Triennial of 1895, ReStake treasurer to the- Relief Society. has covered a period of four years, instead ports were then called for and the Amnion of three as contemplated by the .'constitusociety was reported by President Richard-sou- . tion. These year., l ave been fraught with She said Acre not attended so well of late on account of sickness. They events the significance .of which all .men had built a granary; had. 235 bushels of and women, who, actuated by humanitarian sentiments, are working in any line of regrain. form, feel keenly. Counselor Dabcll reported the Grant sociThe program of the Triennial will include: ety. Said they had paid out fifteen dollars First. Discussion and action upon interof late for charitable purposes. to council ests and Labebe society" was reported by Sister affairs. plans relating strictly Clifford, "secretary; Rudy society, by Presi- Second. Resumes of the achievements uf dent Clark.' term and presentation of the the Kmma. C. Rushtou,. Stake counselor, workclosing of the immediate future. thought we had good reports m today, .Third. .Discussion of great public inter-estbut they could be improved. Noticed the from woman's paint of view, including sisters who attended these meetings were such topics as - expansion, imperialism, on it was those did not that hand, genially" and international arbitration, the conpeace attend to these duties that needed wakiiig dition of Hawaiian women, etc. Felt we had none too much time and up. One or the most interesting features' of we should try and visit those who- - were the council's work will be the presentation ... neglectful.: of of the council idea .abroad, - Stake Secretary K: S. Brunt thought we "andtheof progress plans now maturing for the second did not study sufficiently so as to be able to quinquennial of the International Council, instruct out children in the Gospel, let, us to be convened England, June ' keep good books in the way of our children, 27t iS99t where the National Council of and not the light literature of to day. The the United States must have an adequate Lord desired to see our children saved acd He was, sending fishers and hunters to j representation. Council headquarters will be the Ai ling-to- n bring them in the path of their duty. Hotel. The railroad , President E. J: Bennett spoke of the by the executive board secretary (elected at Omaha,) Miss storing ot grain, said we should store it lor t Lucy K. Anthony, may be addressed at a 'time of need and not to loan S30 Diamond. Street, Philadelphia, PA. speeu- late on, and the sisters should: build It is the earnest hope of the executive good ' ... txa nuif. i.ic ai oiuio-j- o m ic ht mt-hifif" hgTahalies Triennial for ... will, the ade rcouspicufms against raffling., instructea mni.uu at its representation q.uaie meetings of aj go around with a good spirit ..an J have.comthe1 wiihin included interests Recommended council; f0r sister. fortius words lor the . . for the discussion carelul' in a.m preparation of the lectures in our society Ir.oni tne moie that confront all our i.ue grave questions though, our Church works. Saul tnat at The I.j'itdiii CJasla Retail 