9 iJ ij Hands of the Women of Utah should The Ballot in the be a xponei Pou ts to better the .Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKH CITY, UTAH, JULY I.i;u Council.....". ri-itl- cnal J. S. V..llcy P.irow.in. L. Crane Wais-V.. K. WcU s ing Letter. . . Can mc luvat .. oiir.-Wcir.cn- j Missionary. ... Mrs. Addison Pratt Rigbv Ward. .FJcam--11 H.mer v. .. . ' Ailivd ....... j. W. Grant Lake Stake AugU Com, Winter Mvra Ciavton " . ' ,:i .v. . 1 .. 1 J' )Iave'lV..ee.'. - 20-3- r - 3i 31. Chi!k K. . T V.'umen take Tea with the Oueen Labor' I'karitv and i L. L. '. Cree-n- Riehanls L'lla Kli.aUth Stevenson (::? tl'wl" and Hi- - Prophet L. L. Citeene Richards T. Voiceless Slla!les of Gras : ; ;land Jaeub, Pro;hei. tn:e; I Am: (ireat Lvt earth proclaim Tliv praise atiew Taking unto Thyself Thine own. Thv ptopk: nion.rned a Prophet dead; l wjien twelve days h id scarcely Mown, lhou v;av'st another in his stead. Let ai::ts eMol Thy name, and praise Thv matchless power to guide and bless; ! .Thou euttcsi short in righteousness. v ouu-"lo- addres-Lsug-creste- d hn Ab-rde. . . One ijke to Moses, faithful proved, form erect, With sight undimmed-an- d -unmoved For morc'than eihtv years, Shall- nations scoff ? Will Saints reject 2 'A full, 'free tithe the Saints must pay, Cod's just demand: "Hear it, repeat it, "a rid obey Ye Saints of God on every. hand! , . , . the Prophet's voice declare; So shall the Saints be j.usti:eci; Shake off the burdens, hard to bear, covetousness and pride. .Of l, self-wil- . .... . Look to the God of Abraham, Ye Saints, and heed His Prophet's voice: Honor and serve tae ureal ixvm, And in His covenant rejoicex" Spread Zion'sTxHind'ries far and vide,' V,eiiLCi OUV. ' ; So shall our God be glorified, lied. ful.h" all be words s. Ills Prophet' x Let Zion's children' know and arid afar, where'er they go, tell,-Nea- a. ; wa v-m- v - - y r ; Whose Prophet is Loreiuo Snow. L. L. GREtNJi KiCIUKDx Sunday, July 2nd,- - 1S99. " en -- -- nt y g g - 1 " (IV'itU JllSJI l - And by whose mouth Thy voice doth speak.' , - . Xo truer friend hath Prophets known. Xo truer Prophet Saints need seek, Than lie to'whum Thy mind is shown, j - - r.ivlor. Wilford Woodruh, all,. Uevs nobly stood and labored 'inong Thy chosen people, great and .s nail. Thus "LgikIuu has offered many. Unique attractions for the throngs of visitors this week.-TheWomau's International Council, with scores of famous- women from Europe, America and .the colonies, has been a re- markable tournament of wit, wisdom and tact. The House of Lords threw down the gauntlet in ungallant style on the opening'-da-a by amending the London bill with view to shutting women out of the new. The action of Metropolitan Councils. these three hundred peers, who only turn out for full dress parade in order to snub siswomen, frown upon,- deceased wives' ters and alTrout Krin, has not interfered with the Council's leisurely and contempla-- . tive rambles in every field of discussion With more than fifty under the sun. of. meetings and the best platform talkers the sex to address the delegates, this parlia--men- t of women has been a triumph of orsense. If ganization, moderation and goodoffered con- it has done nothing else, it has ot vincing proof of the remarkable talent women for public speaking and the wide modern conrange of their interests under ditions of education. resolution 111 "Apart from the passage of a favor of arbitration, the Council; has not taken definite action on any subject, and Lady Aberdeen's presidential no other motive for the assembly a than the Golden Rule of love, which was for a 'generalization sufficiently broad, sensWorld's Congress, but was neither ational nor revolutionary. r o,h. has been the most . con. of the Congress, presiding Miss Anthony with dignity and grace. uc tivJtd more enthustasm than any other speaker, and the American delegates b tienerally haveaoueiue ueat these are Mrs. Liianuuc West-ove- r Miss Genevieve Ward, Mrs. Cynthia Alden, Miss May Shaw, Mrs. May St. J. Gaffney Wright SewalL Mrs. Fannie Shaw. The and the Rev. Anna Howard most interesting-- meeting was that presided as a over by Mrs. Kendal, when the drama Mrs.x field for women was considered. FlU Annie Steel, Mrs.' Kate Douglas were the chief Wiepin and Lady Lindsay under the fieures at a similar meeting The delegates have head of literature.: r ulham been entertained at Stafford House, Palace and many- private .houses; Worn- .rfi. 7A.inti QnnVtv nf American Hotel Cecil in en ea a luncheon at the on July honor of the American delegates of the Mrs Hughes Griffin, the president flanked by society, occupied the chair, of the fcady'AberdeSi, the president International Council, on the right, KNQWLEDGK is better that wealth, yet rs Choater wii "how peopfi therelire in this wicked aiiy decorated were tables on the left." .The world who prefer' the inferior article. and flowers, blue with red, white and " cheese-makin- To ascertain Thy "noly will; Thv grace the sovereign mind reveals; Thy promises Thou dost fulfdl. The, vail 'twixtThec and .man withdrawn. Thy jieople understand and 'know, . In place of Wilford Wo,,dru;Y. Tliou ave,--t them Lorenzo Snow. migiiani Tribune says: butter-makin- . With mighty faith he hutnbly.kneels, AW iosejih hmith ami - . Into Thv Temple dost repair: Thy love doth marvelous light unfold, In answer to his fervent prayer. ' present, all of them- women except the brother of Miss Leonora jacKsou, u.e violiniste, wlio plays acampaniments. Mrs. Hughes Gnfhn gave an address of welcome to the American delegates, and Lady Aberdeen, on lehalf of the Women's international Council' thanked the Ameri can women for the help and inspiration thev had 'given to women in general. "We are indebted to t lie American women, sue said, "for many grand ideas. .Much of the inorMci-i-v vi Lriolitnf- ' nf our- lives is due to the fact that it is now granted that women have a sense of humor." Mrs. May Wright Sewall; r.( the Council, said that America was be- coming a country which, by the necessity musi and relationsiup,s, of its institutions . v. t irs. move toward internationalism. Charlotte Perkins Stetson and Mrs. Jennie C. Croly also spoke. At one meeting ot the Louncii, wnicn was devoted to agriculture, Mrs Alexander Prof. Robeitson, of Tweedle nresided. Canada, said he considered agriculture a most suitable occupation for women. Lady Vernon said that dairying was woman's work. She urged that attention be given by women to in summer. in winter and Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith, of the School of UniAgriculture at- the Minnesota State womversity, advocated stock breeding for en. Mine. Delen, of Bruges, spoke on the women's agricultural work in Belgium. A . f r nn fvrnmttOn Poitio .MrS. .UUlgiilti. iX. vain. crn't " of silk culture as an occupation for women, and Mrs. Alexander described ostrich farming by women in New Zealand. At the meeting devoted to women factory inspectors, the Hon. Mrs. Lyttleton ot .presiding, a paper by Mrs. Carlyle, It Canada, was read by Mrs. Carty. showed the strides made in Canada in relabor legisla- gard to women inspectors and siou in general. Tiif Sripntific Treatment of Domestic Servants," was another subject discussed. Mrs. Gates, speaking of the necessity of well as training the lady of the house as the servants, complimented the Queen, and declared that "this queenly woman and womanly Queen" had had ah influence mistresses of servants as upon women 'as . I well as 111 otner reiauous vi ,m., Dr. Garnett, who presided over the conference of women librarians and indexers, said that England was far behind America . in paying women librarians. Pnnntess Bective presided over the meetof women nig which discussed the aptitude in handicrafts. T r., tuc oftpmnnn nf Tulv a. the delegates by Lady entertained at a garden-partw Rothschild at Gunnesbury rFark, aiid in the Countess of Aberdeen gave taem a farewell reception. Kx. pre-eminentl- , Thv Prophet, a- - in days of old, - - - -- OranijM)U-n- l latter-days- The reports ol the Women's International Council which have reached this country are meagre and inadequate, but it is clear that the Council was a success, both from the exultation of its friends ami the growls of its 'enemies. A correspondent of the X. V. - vice-preside- AU-aham- Thv "von ','roif work, in disnlaved ntul- British flairs were , , . behind the chair. There were 20 iersons American ........ 1 1 OUR GOD AND HIS PROPHET. , 1 : the Cod of Na ic No. 4. 15, 1S99.. WOMEN'S INTERNATIONAL. COUNCIL. CON'IT.NTS. A. T t I . ; ' : oin-eu- 's andl I f - - 