WOMAN'S 103 WoMAiVS 'Thestor'my weather was a'huuTrance ; bXPONE'NT -- was a blinding- - snow storm which kept pedestrians within doors and very.fevcar1 riages appeared on the streets. The papers ladies who published the names of all the was so inattended church, the weather clement. Snow continued to fall during the night 2nd the wind increased in violence and on Monday morning 'there were only a few to attend the opening of the Council. Business of importance, however, was PUBLISHER WOMAN'S KXPONENT, transacted and lunch served in the rooms , Salt Lake Citv, Utah. in the church at a nominal price. The tiffin in Salt Lake Ctty, Utah, at storm had been continuous thro' the day RnirrtJ at tht matitr. and the wind blew fiercely, and when the time for adjournment came the query was 1S99. Salt Lakh Citv, Feb. 15 a Mar. i, how to get to hotels or boarding places. Carriages with- drivers that dared venture OFFICIAL NOTICE.' out were taken by those who could get to them first, and some living only a short disAt a special meeting of the Board of tance ventured to walk at great risk. Such Directors of the National Woman's Relief adventures as were told in the papers afterwards had never before transpired in WashSociety held .March 7, in room 20S Temple-tonumOn the streets men with handkerBuilding, (more than the required ington ber for the transaction of business being chiefs over their faces were buffeting the present), when the. subject of ways" and "snow and wind, their hats flying hither and means was being considered, a motion was thither. made by Mrs. Martha A. Cannon of Ogdcn Some of the subjects considered and R. of and seconded by Dr. Ellis Shipp papers read were "Christianity as Related "to Salt Lake City, that all money raised by KJl iUl.iU i .1 UK lilt. UVJ.l.lJ Ull lliV religion, by Mary Perkins Davis, Ocean ni'nnber-shiten March the over cent of 17th "The Possibilities of WoPark, Maine. of each member enrolled in the' society, man," by Martha Home Tingey of Salt should be retaim d by the rtsj)ective society. Lake Ciy, Utah, a paper which showed 'Motion was put' by President Zina D. II: earnest thought and advanced ideas of life. Young and carried unanimously, "The. Social Conscience in its Relation to II. President. Zina I). '(Signed) Young, Industrial Problems," by Mrs. Maud NathEmmeune B Wells Secretary. an of New York City. It is one of the vital National Woman's Relief Society. questions of the present day and the speaker showed earnest .feelings in her dealings with the matter in question, and that she THIS TRIENNIAL. was thoroughly licquainted with industrial conditions, and dealt eloquently and heroicSOME OF THE WOMEN, SUBJECTS, "The Tree of ally with actual facts. DISCUSSIONS AND REPORTS. Knowledge of Good and Evil," by Miss Sadie Americali of Chicago was perhaps the The women from Utah who. went to most unique as a whole of any paper, preWashington in February to attend the sented. Miss American is very original in Triennial sessions of the National Council her work and deals mainly with actual facts of Women of theJJnited States, have had in a manner. "The Retrogression an interesting experience to say .the least, in positive B. Anthony, Susau Equal Rights," by those who went as e'peciajly presidents who never fails '.to make strong points in and members of the the most forcible manner, and who is al(proxies,) delegates Resolution' Committee. As every one knows in" touch with her audience and never who has been connected with such great ways fails to create enthusiasm whatever views national bodies, the hard work aud really people may entertain .as to the subject mat-te- r most important is done in committees. of her address. "The Beginning of Speech making is comparatively easy, more Literature and Art in America," by Mrs. especially so when prepared beforehand, Maria Purdy Peck of Dubuque, Iowa, was which the addresses certainly should be on a charming address on a delightful' theme. any giveu subject, and not written at odd St. Hilda of Whitby "How Abbesses moments or on the way as some very b sy were Educators and ' Civilizers," by people are apt to do in the hurry that Newbury- - Adams, was one of the Mary most comes from overwork. If one accustomed delightful .and soulful papers given, the to public duty might be permitted to suga most charmine womanherself, speaker gest the advice would be to take the utbut one hesitates to particularize where there most pains with the papers to be given as adwere so many capable, cultivated, intellec dresses to an audience of cultured people. tual women. 'Good Citizenship," by MrsH Random shots come in occasionally, but it is ii. 15. Wells ot Utah. :"Is the Church the steady, deliberate firing that accomUniversal a Hindrance or a Help to the plishes the objects seriously undertaken; I he Resolution Committee consisted of Development of Womankind?" by Elizabeth B: Grannis of New York. , one member from each organization belong 'THe papers for discussion were of very nig to the Louncil and numbered t went v. great interest, vital five persons, representing various shades especially upon quesof ' tions. Qne of the ' 'Is Ex- was on subjects vital many opinion subjects, Rev. Anna pansion lor the Best Good of our Country?" i Garlin Spencer, Providence, R: I chair ' Affirmative, Judith Ellen Foster, District of man;, Ann M. Cannon, Salt Lake City" Columbia; Cornelia S. Robinson Negative, Utah, secretary! New York. The same evening "The Wo ir Salt- Lake City. Utah. Published Tc.rrns: one v py one yetr, Jl.oo; one copy six months, No redaction made (or clubs. City papers delive,o cts. ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 35 cts. ' Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil sp ice one t;me, $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal ' . reg'jl.ir .1 lverti.y?rs. Kxro.NKNT omce, Koorn 203. icmpi.ei.on, :ouin icujpit Street. nu'.snes hours I rorn 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day, except Sunday. to Address all business communic-tfioit- men of Hawaii," by Susa" Young (;ates very ably written aud exhaustive paper o the conditions, customs aud ethics of th natives, and some expression of real ljfe Hannah Kaepapa, the pretty-custoof fie laie was given in an object les$orj0a ven very i handsel ?VltfTB--JY- . . wreaths being presented to the ladies of tht general officers by Mrs. . Gates and tH 'native lady. Mrs. Sewall, the president Dr. Shaw, the vice' president, and the other officers gracefully acknowledging y courtesy by-- rearing them the en tire "eve", ning, "Equably, the most Potent Coner ator of Human Rights,"by Ida M Weaver cf Idaho. "Fraternal Life Benefit Societies as Social .Institutions," Bina M. West Michigan. There was also a Symposium on "What fo the members arriving in lime although in time to eight of the Utah ladies arrived attend the business session Saturday evening, the nth. The following day thee ; Editor, BMMRUNR B. WELLS, KXPONENT, semi-monthl- , dis-c'j'i- nt - ' s teconJ-clM- S Attitude of the Women of should the United States toward the Peace' Confer-encThis awak. proposed by the Czar ?" ened universal, interest and was eloquently emphasized and elaborated by Rev. Anna Garlin Spencer of R. I., Carrie 111., Kate Waller Barrett, D. C, and Rev. Anna Howard Shaw, Penn. "The Relation Between the Council and be-th- e e - Thomas-Alexande- -- n " Peace and Arbitration," by Rev. Amanda-DeyoPenn., was one of the most interes"How can ting in the general discussion. in Aid Women Municipal Reform?" These discussions were all very educational and carried on sympathetically, each speak-e- r having a certain number of minutes. Reports of Organizations were also ol I 1 11V. l-l p . - , . ' ! ' ! 1 ; , , -- r, , . great interest and much appreciated, as they showed the growth and progress of the various associations during the period since These were the last Triennial in 1895. from the following societies:! National Free Baptist Wotnans Missionary Society, Mary G. Osgood, New Hampshire;, Universal Peace Union,' Rev. Amanda Deyo; Working Woman's Home Association, Dr. Mary E. Green, Michigan; The Woman's National Press Association, Ellen S. Cromwell, D. C; Florence Crittenden Missions, Kate Waller Barrett, D. C.; National Woman's Relief Society, Zina Young Card, Utah; Wimodaughsis, Ada G. Dickerson, D. C; National Christian League for the Promotion of Social Purity, Elizabeth B Graunis, New York; National Woman's Christian Temperance-Union- , Lillian M. N. Ste ens, Maine; Supreme Hive Ladies of the Maccabees of the World, Lillian M. Hollister, .Michigan; Rathbone Sisters of the World, Ida M. Weaver, Idaho; National Mutual Improvement Association, Minnie J. 'Snow, Utah; National American Woman's Suffrage Association, Rachel Foster Avery; National Council of Jewish Women, Hannah G. Solomon, 111.; National Association, of Woaien ) Stenographers, Mrs. Maddox; Anti Vivisection Society, Mrs. Lovell, Quincy, 111. There were reports : from local councils and state councils affiliated, and fraternal delegates introduced from organizations and councils not yet affiliated; also reports of standing committees which were quite as interesting as those of society work. Committees on Education in Citizenship, by (Fanuie Humphreys Gaffney, '?New York, and Press Committee, Susa Young Gates, Utah. On Social Peace and Internaticnal Arbitration, Hannah Ol Solon: on, "111. The ideas, aims "and grasp of knowledge embodied in these addresses and reports and the discussious which intervened, the, information "and instruction given, and the educational facilities afforded, are far great- . ., , - - . v 