WOMAN'S J. DAVIS STAKE. ' inference held at liast bountiful, Jan. Susan Grant presiding. iSy9, President opened by singing "Glorious' Prayer by are sung of .Zion." NfV"' ihiii Villi ah Judsoii Tolman. Singing, "How the joy that promised day.". Present Lake City were Sisters Elizabeth from ICllis R. Shipp. t SUvensonaud Dr. PrcMcknt Grant said, "I wish to welcome President Luzie Smith and the young ladies. them meet with us hi I am pleased to have inference.. . . of forenoon of session .previous Minutes Reand read were approved. conference ports read and accepted. Sister Stevenson addressed the meeting. ShVfullv realized what a great privilege it We sisters had had Vas to meet together. this privilege only since the Prophet Joseph Smith had organized the Relief Society, k was the "duty of every sister to attend these meetings 'and prepare herself for a "When, I hear of so higher probation. uiaV.y going into forbidden paths I wonder if the mothers have done their dutv It is sons to be virtuous just as necessary for our We should take an as for our daughters. interest in our sons and daughters, make home pleasant and provide suitable amuse-men- t for them. The spirit of God cannot t,rc-- St . , . dwell in unholy places." Patriarch John Kynaston said, "I do re- I feel full of the spirit of the Lord. What we have heard has If you bftn dictated by the spirit of God. put these things into practice the Lord will I say unto these young sisters bless you. you will be blessed in bearing the sons' and daughters of God. The Lord wants this people to become one, and prepare the way joice in being here. for His coming." President Lizzie Smith said, "It affords ine great pleasure to see so many of the I brethjeii present and to .be with you. think it is nice to join our societies, as we ' all expect to be Relief Society workers at some time. I was not born - when the Prophet was killed but I think it made an I think children are impression on me. influenced very young, even before they are born. If the mothers would go to the Lord with their 'troubles instead of the neighbors, it would be a great deal better; . My advice is for us to put into practice the many good things we have heard. I ask the Lord to bless us all." Bishop Egau said, "I have been piea: ed with what I have heard, I think it has been dictated by. the spirit of God. W have different influences to contend with, the good and the evil. We should be on our guard so we will not give way to the evil" influences. It is very necessary and it is our right, if we live for" it, to have the . - spirit of d" Sister Relief Soci- Minutes of the Davis Stake l tire-Lor- KXPONIiiru. "IIS" We read in the "who .maf speak . " " j Iffe "western heunsiihere. Shipj) then addressed"' the meeting. t I!"ok "of Mormon of a very ancient peo- - rep uOiTalT p!e called th Jarcdites, the founder of which was Jared. .lie was supposed to be She said, "I desire an interest in your faith and prayers, for I desire to talk moil: esperi-ollto the young hulks and eucv.urage them; to' attend these nice tings,. they are:! blessing' to all of us. ' ' Sp ke. of love and chad t jiicTwe un a ry nud ;nltiy:Mf Ihese qualities. The a gieat influence .over their children A woman's is to instruct her children geatest ..mission in the proper way. We should; all try to control our children with a spirit o'f love. Spoke of our Savior and the spirit of forSaid, "Let us try to follow His giveness. duty at example, seek to know and nil times and be prepared fur eteruaTlife" Patriarch Judson Tolman said, "I will tell you, my sisters, you arc numbered who are reserved to. redeem among-thosethe world. We can all see the great heces-- ' sity of. doing light and living. our :cliim. I tell you not only the young. men but the young women will be called upon to go on missions.. ..I bless you, my sister-.- , .and your children." Sifter Emily Parish said, "I' realize so much is required cf "us, but we should ask the Lord what is most necessary to'be done." Sister Caddie Parish said, "Where much is given much is required, and none of us I lack for opportunities of improvement. trust we will all follow the good examples of our parents. " Counselor Ilyruni Grant said, "I am satisfied the spirit of the. Lord is .with uv today. The only desire I have is that I may have a portion of it while I attempt to speak. We should ' teach our children to Parents love and respect the authorities. should be very careful in speaking before I feel to say God bless this their children. and all other societies." Sister Mary Clark said, "It is our duty to ask the Lord for His blessing and what we most need. I have been to the Lord for comI feel to fort and have been comforted. bear ray testimony to the Gospel." Sister Stevenson said, "When our Patriarchs speak of Jhadegradatioujt.makesme feel like putting my shoulder to the wheel It is and helping to regenerate the world. the privilege and duty of the young ladies to themselves join these societies and prepare y . y-- 1 t . 1 f.-- one of the builders of the Tower of Bael, uiidis presumed to be a descendant of Shem, Little is told in the Hook of Ether .of the - r nvateLcharaeter...jf.Jircdr.buL..Ue .must have Ken a great and good man and Also, -- 1,1 do-ou- r 1 ' - . "I do not President Susan Grant said, think there is one in the house who has not been greatly edified." ' Spoke of the sis I ters' meetinc on the 17th of March. ff.pl tn n0c the blessiuir of .the Lord upon all, I think we hive had a day of rejociug." .Conference adjourned for three months to "Guide beheld at Centerviliel Singing. '' Benediction us 0, Thou Great Jehovah. by Lewis Grant. v. Susan Grant, Pres.' Piihbiv C. Sessions, See, - ! ' . . discernment." Grant said, "I have been very much pleased with the remarks. I am. sorry President Hess was notable to meet with us, but he ent his blessing." Sing77 ";Meetingadjourned until "2 p. in. ing "The spirit of God like. a fire is President Susan ; ": buru-Benedicti- on . by Brother Clark. Afternoon session opened by singing "Praise to the man." " Prayer ' by Brother Duarden , Singing, "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire.": ' noon session read Minutes of previous after- and approved. President Grant said, "I am pleased to so many present, may the blessing of . " For the. "Exponent." A SKETCH OF THE JARBDITKS. Saint there is no more interesting subject to study than the Book of Mormon. The history of the doings and Ameriwanderings of the aborigines of the can continent, or the roaming Indians of to: Father Lehi and day, the descendants of left Jerusalem by the his associates,-wh- o '. :? Lord's command 600 years B. C. To a Latter-da- y his little company, however, were not the first colonists who landed in i ah held the priesthood when God scattered and confounded the language' of these presumptuous builders. Jared and his broth- ' ers plead with Him that their language and that of their friends might not lc changed. Their prayer was heard and the LonJ promised. to lead then: to a new land, choice above aU others, when He would make of them a great and inighty people, and He would go before them as'their guide. In obedience to .the command of the Lord Jared. with his brother and their families and friends gathered their docks, herds and seeds of Various kinds.and commenced their journey, in the wilderness as the' Lord mierht leail. ney were iioing to a new land far away from their eastern home, across the ocean to a land uninhabited by mortal man. They appear to have collected every thing that amid have been of any use to them that they cm Id carry. They took hives of honey bees (known to them by. the name Deseret.) The valley into which .the Lord first ltd Here they tar"iliem they called Nimrod. ried for a time, preparing for the long journey that lay before them. Their wanderings were long and tedious, but at krst they reached the great ocean. The place where they tarried they named Moriancu-mer- . Here they remained for four years, at the end of which time the Lord visited the brother of Jared(Mahonry Moriancumer) in a cloud and chastened him and his brethren, because they had grown careless and Repentance neglected to call upon Him. followed this reproof, and their sins were for While here the brother of Jared was commanded by the Lord to. build eight barges This command he "obeyed with the assisThe vessels were tance of the company. When small and light in construction. they were" completed Jared and his people with their animals and all their belongings After a stormy voyage oi went on board. three hundred arid forty-fou- r days they is It reached their destination. supposed of the shore they landed on the southern Gulf of California. How thankful they were that they had reached their new home They gave them for God safely to thanks, to bringing the land of promise. Their next duty was to prepare for the future. They commenced to till the soil and were greatly blessed in vtheir labors. They were a righteous people and began to grow and increase in number and in wealth. In course of time Jared and his brother Before their death the grew old and died. people wished to be governed by a king and Orihah, the youngest sou of Jared, was Chosen. He reigned in righteousness and wisdom, instructing the people in the ways He lived to a very great age of the Lord. and was succeeded by his son Kib, who in . his old age resigned his kingdom to his son Shiile. At one time during the reign of Kib he was taken into captivity by his son Corihor,aud kept a prisoner for many years. Shule also reigned in righteousness and .was a great and mighty man, yet his m . for eternal life." . ' nnH ! 