r 13 ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. J love anior.g us, x.rk the Lord and cling unto Him. We have a great deal to do found wanting. Don t foriVt us not. I the. power of get to pray, we can then have dioernnient and will know what our duties ' warning to those who arc going aside,-hu- t tho.se 'who need the warning are not She exhorted all who were present." present to use their influence to help others. Sister jftna IX II. Young: , ''I feci as if I were .looking upon the1 Lord's jewels. There is a strength in the faints coming together, for we need spiritual food; the toway to store up spiritual food is to .come gether, in that way wc become 'strong in integrity and build a firm foundation.- .1 rejoice to sec' the sisters, I can bear testimony of the work of God. It has now been 6;vye.irs since I embraced the Gospel and I have always thanked the Lord for it." Prayed God to bless all. - a conference before we met again, hoped we would be obedient to those placed over Sister Wyler both us. Sister Bond-anbore testimony, sp.aking of the gift of tongues, Meeting ing, "This ' . , bulg- adjournedorjweks. 'God is, the God we adore." Beitediction by Julia S. Woolley. . . avoollky, bee. J.-S- ,U. V, P. C. The regular monthly meeting of the U . W. P. 0. was held in the "Exponent" office Friday evening, March 31, 1899. Prayer by Mrs. Doolau. after which the secretary called the roll, responses being regiven by quotations from Cowper. By quest of Mrs. Ruth M. Fox, she was per. mitted to read her interesting paper on Current Events previous to the business. The subject of having one special evening for Sister Armeda Young said she knew the subject "Cliif Dwellers" was discussed, we each could influence those around us for but it ,was decided to have Mrs. Lawler good. or evil; she knew by persevering that' read Mrs. Rhodes' (who was out of the we gained strength; she hoped she would city) paper that evening. It proved of never, be turned from the truth and desired grertt interest do all present, discussion folto live to do all the duties the Lord relowed. The secretary then read a com'.' munication from the free traveling library quired of her. , Sister Irvine said she did not think she committee acknowledging the receipt of one could tell any one what rt blessing thebe dollar from the Press Club; one from Mrs. meetings had leen to her, they always Lulu Lee Stiehl suggesting the appointbuilt her up and gave her strength to ment of a delegate to the Mothers', AssemMrs. L. I). Alder was elected a deledo her duties. Spoke of the visit of our bly. sisters to the National Council and how gate. Mrs; Margaret A. Caine. was rethey were blessed of the Lord, said it appointed a delegate to the Council of The regular program was only another proof to her that the Woman's Clubs. was postponed for an evening with the Lord will help us to fight our battles. Sister Barnes spoke of the goodness "Cliff Dwellers," the time and place to later. The meeting .then adof the Lord in perruiting her to be one of this people and of the lesson she had journed. AntEii C. Scinu.KR, Sec. learned by passing through trials, of the necessity of our speaking in praise of one another and in this way building ACADEMY EXERCISES, each other up. " Felt full of the spirit of the Lord, hotKjd the Lord would help us to WEBER STAKE. hold on to the rod of iron. It may be interesting to those readers of Sister Tora Hafen said she needed a the "Exponent" who are laboring for blessing and desired to, receive one here. Sister Harriet Ann Badger liad learned the uplifting of woman and the betterment cf the race, to learn something of the labors to love the Kismets. present, all seemed familiar as she had been here so often. Felt of Sister Hanuaji Soreusen during the past we must tlraw nearer together, vve must not winter. She is an earnest worker among her The Lord had find fault with each other. blessed her abundantly and had given her students and as usual much good has been" derived from her teachings. Although her a great testimony. Sister Paul knew that holy angels were classes have not been large they have been here, the Lord blessed her by day and appreciated; and the seedsof purity she has by night, she tried to influence for good in sown- in the heails of the people of the building up the Church, was the only one Weber Stake Academy, where she has been of her father's household that was in the engaged as special instructor to the young Church, but she had been permitted to ladies, as well as those sisters from the work in the Temple." The Lord had given surrounding settlements who have attended her the eift .of tongues, she had had her lectures, will in future years redound to promises through this gift that had been her honor. fulfilled. The following is the program of the Stevenson knew Sister Hmijy that the. closing exercises held in the hall of the and answer hear Lord would prayers, Weber Stake Academy, Friday evening, of of the herself healing spoke" through March 31, 1896, by the combined classes of the prayer of her sou. Sister Sorensen: Introductory remarks, Sister Shoenfeltd thanked her Heavenly Miss Cora Wilson; "Woman's Social ConFather that she was privileged to be a dition of Today," Miss Emily Tanner; member of this Church, spoke of the "Preparationfoi Marriage, " Miss Sarah promises of Brigham Young to the Saints Dye; "Duties and Obligations of Wives to and how they were fulfilled in her behalf. Husbands," Mis;, Ida Ferrhiij'f of Sister Nightingale said words could not Children, "'Miss Susie Beecroft; mining "Hygenic express the joy she felt in thus mingling Cooking, Miss Lilhe Smuin; "Dress," with her sisters. Sister Maxwell spoke Miss Marguerite Thomas. of the blessings of prayer and the power All of the above were in the form of well little1 children have vwitlu God; Sister p:eiared Daners. and exhihitprl M ' original poem addressed to Sister v ensea and written by Miss Nellie Beeo '"it was read by Miss Lovina Griffin. Remarks on the work done b Sistt - Miss Sarah Larkin and Mrs. .0. M. Drumb -r lor. Apostle Franklin D. Richards ce;-- nutted on the papers which had been read, auj - : expressed his approval of the worl:. Stated that; the truth imparted 'had .been of the grandest and purest character. Senator F. J. Cannon and Prof. Richard T. 'Hoag both paid a high, tribute to tfe teacher, the students and the work. prcf Hoag also read a beautiful poem of his own composition- which we hope will ere long - appear in the "Exponent." Nki.uk Beec; orr. Save Your Money! And when you et a dollar, u jwit It with ZionV Savings Bank Thm Company; the oldest ami hir' : jvh:;;? bank in Utah. Sineo the establishment of t!, bank we have opened more than H'.'.kh) -- -- aav-in- g . accounts. -- "The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who arv minor? to open savings accounts in th ir own name, subject to their own oni r. Have If hot. you such an account? ' ojM-- one NOW-- . pay FOUR Villi OK NT any amount from one'ilo!-la- r to thousands, and compute saiJ interest four times a vear. WHITE for any information desired. U'e - LORENZO Ghorgc Nos. Prt. SNOW, M. Cannon, Ca-- r hi Main Street. l-'- W .. - iskexpaka,islmgu xv Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. SALT LAKE CITY. TJie Leading Retail Cash House. R.K.THOMAS - . was given and was very comforting. iueie womu oe xuv.. R.K. THOMAS nnrnni! oiinnt nHimufL TIME TABLE IN EFFECT MAHCII 10, ARRIVE, From O'den, Chicago, Omaha, St. Loul.-- s Kansas C:t and Denver.... From Ogden, Cache Valley, Portland, Butte and San 3:30 a.m. A a.m. :55 .. . t rantisco From Og len, Chicago. St. Lout, Omaha and Pe.nver 3:0p.-7:p.m. . I mm Cache Valley and San Francisco. . . ... Intermediate and From; Frisco, Milford, Sanpete 9:35 a. a.. ; ; Og-'en- .... . paints.... From Tintlc, Mercur and Intermediate From Tooele and Terminus point-...- . . 6 V0 P 0" DEPAUT. For OL'deh. Part CAtv Omaha. C.hiracrn. Denver. K P.!l- 00 a. .as City and St. Ijuis .' t.rstCache Valley and Intermediate point or "r lintic, Mercur and Intermediate points.... t or Ogden, Denver, St. IyOnis. C. Icao, San Irrann 9 40 For Ogden. Butt1, Fort'and, Sa'i Francisco 5: F.r Provo, Sanpete, Mllior,d and Frisco........ .7 :45 a.ffiFor Tcoele and Termtuuss .. .. .. . Trains south of Juab do not run Sundays Daily except Sanday. - For-f)arde- . City Ticket Office Under Masonic b2fe- A, beautiful poem, Well was re; cited by Miss Lottie Heninger, and an inir nninnm untuuri onuni unc S. -. .Second W. ECCLES, Gen. Traffic Man ner. p-- Ha!!, Sottth- - Street-- - ' . D E.'"l QeB.F.nnul. W. 'U, BAXCKOFT. . Vice President and Gen'l Manager. - Agent 