WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ... THE SPOILER. K(ii AI jil. KKM.'t. M'V manner of . xrv was and she wroie i"'r the pre ' might iloi I -- fiit and lit a dre, tew many a s.vory I i:i.-.ss.- - had , :...:v .;- herself, tMu-sher readers knew., it s , we pent, and the dour we spent,' we wasted like sand. ,.f a woman who never had c'"ked know that she never ot;ld cook, -- j - under stand. ;';. .jre'was- and she wrote lieln. fair do, ) ' . I'- I might : , ... .. u. i. - '; u o . - v- : A:- t" 1:k v . and stalled with hair, and '..rti n::y parlor gKy it .vjuiiJ w :lv ji . it the tale as true. :,.d with t hint t ''I ', 1 - '. . ,s v:c U'lili'ii, and the way.s'we wurke . 1 and saw a:id haek. a chair in which no one would sit, uliiclrno one could jMKsibly sit, crick in his hack. r ;; iP; W' V A. . i": ;Si r -- 1 us-wit- v I' ;. c. receipts and she never tried one, ..h.iut children of eo.:reshe.had none , to do what she r.ever had done, - r ; . k;-,- ; ,. ;. :: : ' 'I ';,.:, : .. toll and it isn't to.poil the cup of disgrace, v ;l(rwoman who didn't k:ioe .beans who never had cooked any beans, ) v .;nd was paid to Jill space. -.-s , l; -- intended to do.) r , 1 : Conjrttf:.th'st. ' MISSIONARY. A WOMAN ::-- . Ad lison Pratt 0:1 the Society Islands Continued. -- . of the vessel, tlie villDuring the absence ' age was quiet. I spent much time in readI read Mr. William's ing and. writing. " history of hi.-- missionary enterprises among I was much interez. .uth Sea Islands. , sted.' Iliad never conceived an idea of .tin immense numbers of islands where the inhabitants had been taught the scriptures of 'divine truth. To read of their savage clients and terrible idolatry, and now to see their docility, their genuine piety, their Who. ingenuity and skill in mechanics. would" presume to say that the British missionaries had not done them good? They tfie true for the Gospel. prepared way W'lnC good.. could webave done them had they t. .t had bibles and hymn books in . their o .vn language, publishedby the. missionary societies in England ? They had taught them the fulness of the Gospel. How rfiiild.they, when they did not understand it themselves? They should be acnot wliattliey could. 7th of June we took an all day credited for doitig On t!i march; climbed up the highest peak of the mount aiu. The scenery below us was The sublimity of the grand indeed ! which lay stretched out - :r wondering eyes, inspired us with awe .:d reverence for Him who gave it its bouti ;s, diid prevents by His mighty power ! it i We made deluging the earth stqigh y ocean ,- ! d-jv- th'.ro was and T she had her fun, ;:;;m you alio. I) v-- st'cnied alluring, almost sufiicient to tempt a lovtr of nutute to svclude h.ntelf and live alone in palaces human htuuK had not formed. There lie could sleep in the bowers; no cold winter to fittv.e him; cool breezes would tan him in the heat of when hungry-- he could go-tthe loot of" the mr.iintaiu and hnji plenty ot" food and fruit, which is free for all. Where-thought I. could another Mich a situation, be found in the grand wide world After having fatigued ourselves till we could scarcely walk at all, we bent our way We plunged down the steep homeward. precipices, through thickets where, before entering, it seemed impossible to penetrate, lint we found goat paths in 'the. dense shrubbeiy 'which piccipatcd our way down. I, however, became so exhausted, I was obliged to sit down on my feet and slide myself along the declivities as Lest I could. luoilier Hanks left When nearly us and went ahead to prepare supper. We We sent had yet remaining a long walk. sufficient appa-- . the children 'before ratus to make a .dish of tea, with which we It consisted of a had prepared ourselves. coffee pot and tw saucers. They went to the first stream of water, struck a fire, and had the tea made when we overtook them. The tea, with oilier refreshments, so much revived us that v.e were enabled to reach Ann home just as twilight disappeared. Louisa, my youngest, faithfully served me as a staff coining down the mountain; she did not seem to falter at all. No poor travelers were; ever more thankful to get to a place of rest than we were that" night. We were lame ior a week, but we did not regret the excursion, neither would we had it made us lame for a month. I could now say 1 had traversed the Highest peak of the mou itains of Tabouai. As we went up, we saw the natives grating arrowroot to make what they call peas. The hard, stout grating is a novel method. A tied firmly, cord around a block of wood, forms a grater. On this they pulverize the root, which is something like an Irish potaThen through a cloth fastened onto a to. frame thev strain it off, rince it a number of times, settle and drain off the water, and it is done. It is then spread on cloth in a Nothing close vard and dried, in the sun. a is pleasant can exceed it in whiteness. It such immense, sight to see it spread jn is for it quautities, knowing how goal The most delicate dishes can be food. made of it with eggs and the milk of the whileahtslabor young cocoanut. Air the was croing-- u the "dancers'' kept up their exerefses. The members of the Church did" not mingle with those in their dancing, m comthough their labor was performed It is their custom to make amusemon ment of nearly every kind of labor. laborThe cultivation of tarrow is .quitefor the ious. Swampy ground is chosen Running water raising of that vegetable. over the patch of , is kept constantly flowing taken out the tops tarrow, and when any is runs dowri, are immediately replaced. Jtabout the size, ward like a beet, and grows substior some larger. It is a very good tops it is tute for bread. By replacing the with their growing all the years tlu.-summe- i A , Ke.dylrd Kipling.) 5i be-fo- re fr.-..- . . . little discoveries which interested us very much. Vfound plants and shrubs kept entiry new to us. SThere we 'found the l0VRavaihy this time was due, six kral. so common 111 New England, Jier allotted time to make the weeks being .leaves jten, feet high thirty.: Mm feet long-- , the trunk six miles in diameter, Trio we really did, we walked on the as though Pr" tly straight, of a pithy substance, aay, anxlgaed evening of rBeautiful shade for the wild goats beach the waters to see if we could. discry J)k)i are found at 'the mountain' tops, upon the Frances resembling a , vessel. arbors object and charming little grottoes man-.- - , N to-atir- ee: - af-ferd-mv 'l?7 thet , oxelainied, "Oh, if I. could see the Kavai hfi'Vi in siWht would il iiice for iov!" At that' instant the cry was heard: "Tohi a :'!" It sounded from ;one to another; who all criul the satne. till it1 was heard the It was duky, and we entire Island over. 1: 11 Miiii'i.i.' !,.. 11.111 ...... 'till til 11111 II U .'IftNf.ll WUUlIt ilUl V.w.v.jl , ' are never mistaken in such matters. She lay off and on till morning, and came to Two hours anchor at an early hour. daydawu found us up preparing breakfast ami getting ready to receive our friends. It was the 20th of June. 7 o'clock in the morning, when "the friends came on shore. Kllem .was much pleased with her Voyage. She had excited much curiosity among those- who had never seen a white women before. She carried with her a musical instrument with which she diverted many who had never seen or heard, any such thing' before. They made her many nice presents, and two females proposed making friends with her. This a custom advantageous to foreigners w ho come here for a Tf you consent to permanent residence. accept them as your friends, they will feed you as long as they have a morsel for themIn return they will expect you to selves. divide with 'them, if they should need your assistance. Brother Brown stopped a week with us, and we had a fine visit. He is a promising young man, and bids fair to make a good Taliitan scholar and a faithful preacher of the Gospel. Capt. Grouard left his wife on Suara, one He seemed in better of the Chain Islands. spirits than usual; free to act himself. His wile is so disposed to be jealous that he pears under restraint in her presence, especially in the company of white women. ..t I .Ilk.'l-TT- I TI I - . & be-for- 1 e - - a. in the Calaboose on. Tahiti, for two or three months, by order of the French govern- ment, .but had been released by the inter, position of the.Ameiican consul and per-rnitted to go to an island called Ravaivai. On the 5th of July, our schooner sailed for the second time, to bring all the bullocks from the island, which had been put on the mountain to fatten for the market. They were very wild, and great excitement prevailed while the men were getting them on board the vessel. Many of the natives had never seen cattle before, and were"lerri-fie- d at the sound of their bellowing and their pawing in the earth. The boy, Hiram K. W. Clark, who came with us from Salt Lake City, went for a pleasure trip to Tahiti; Brother .Hanks went to join the Elders on the Chain IsAH being lands. We were left lonely. The. settled, we renewed the school. tjative boys seemed very anxious to learn the use of figures. They commenced earnestly, but it soon became irksome to them. They cannot stand strict discipline or close application; everything taught them must be presented in the shape of amusement. On the 24th of July I spent the day in the "Fere bare m" (prayer house) teaching. It never once occurred to our minds that the day was passing unheeded.; We had, intended in some way to celebrate it; but the white men were nearly all gpne, not have an enough of the right element agreeable assemblage. ' -- To be continued.! - - "Mrs. J. Ellen Fostkk recently spent several days very delightfully at NorUifleld, in attendance upon the Christian Workers' Conference." ' - ' . 