Woman ,n- - 'fhe-flal- lot thtlland, of the Women o, Utah should tea 'Poverto tetter the Home, the State and the Nai.on. SALT LAKK CITY,. UTAH, FEBRUARY VOL: CONTENTS: Horatio Herbert Kitchener Khartoum and Sir Home's Birthday E. J. S. g S V. $ister Hattie M Nye? Reorganiza-,,onAbb- y to California San Francisco Letter A. Tiggott. Ladies' Meeting Rhoda C. Nash. Memoriam In Sec. Obituary. 'j 5. Vool!cy L. S. Margaret Chanler and The Boa Marche "Colorado goes on ..RecoiiL. An!l3. Bouling. Act. D. Alder, Sec. i Editorial: Official Notice. The Triennial. : Semj-Monthl- y Notes. - 15 .& Then over the hills in the distance The sound is lost an gone; While brightening far to the eastward Comes the morning pde and wan. ' Now its nlO.ms are fast receding, As it softlv goes to sleep; In the rock-bounfoaming caveens ' dj Of the mighty ocean's leep. Lydia I) . P0ETRV:-Ni- ght Worm-- M. H:;!ory of the Silk Lydia .D. Alder, V. N Hall. No iS & 19. ment. ' "In 1SS2 Arabi Bey fomented an uprising, the object of which was to restore With the help Egypt to the Egyptians." of the British fleet and the British army they were successful. "Then France refused to take any in carrying on the g()veru-- . jart meut, so it devolved upon Great Britain." 'And thus France lost hgr hold upon Egypt. It was during this, civil strife 111 Egypt that the revolt began in the Soudan, July iSbi, led by. TUohamuied AhmeJ. The Mohammedans are represented as beinlr superstitious, bigoted and fanatical. They have long looked forward to a Maluli, the literal meaning of which is "guided or directed one." "According to Mohammedan lelief a spiritual and temporal ruler des. tined "to appear on the earth during the last days. . Some sects hold that the Mahdi has appeared and in concealment awaits the' time of his manifestation. There have been- a number of pretended Mahdis, of whom the last of. importance was this Mohammed Ahmed." He was a man of the people, of ob.scure birth or origin, but was, or pretended to be, a descendent of the great prophet. He is" described as a great student with probabjy a natural religious bent and possessed of intense cunning. So it is "not difficult to imagine how easily he drifted into 'the' lead of one of the most fanatical movements, to which 'Easterners are so proiu" This belief of the Mohammedans is compared to the Jewish belief in the coming of the Messiah. When the people of the Soudan were left to themselves the enforced good. behavior of the rulers changed and the people felt oppressed and unjustly dealt with. The slave traders were glad to be rid of Gordon's rule. The time was ripe- for a revolt and a leader awaiting his opportunity. This is the story of the leginning of the siege by the Mahdi. The people inspired by religious fervor r fanaticism fought as . Alder KHARTOUM AND SIR HORATIO HERBERT KITCHENER7 , Winds MARCH ,, ,899 Turkish government, and France and Eng land were again represented in the govern- I - - Editorial EXPONENT. Away in far off Africa is a vast stretcli of country known as"The Soudan. "It lies enNIGHT WINDS. tirely within the tropics and reaches right across the continent from the Atlantic Ocean The rol l night wind is moaning to the Red Sea. While there are, of course, And sighing amid the trees; imaginary limits north and south, its actual It flies o'er the wooded highland boundaries so far have not been really fixed. AnJ nnks o'er the downy leas. large portion of Africa has. come under It catrhc-- the sails of the vessel ttie ot different spneres ot influence That ploughs through the ocean wide, European nations. By sphere of influence And wafts its streamers landward is meant that "large areas of land in Africa With the strong and rolling tide. are recognized as under the control of , But 0, how it sobs at the window, It designates the European powers. And wails as it rushes by; region that may be occupied and developed Like cries of the so wis of the lost ones, by the power for which it is nanied." Who trembled and feared to die. This great region of country, the SouFaraway in the dreary distance dan, is largely inhabited, not only by its I hear it sighing still, natu'e tritx-- of . the negro race but. by wild AnJ my heart but echoes t e sadness For many y ears tribes of fanatical Arabs. That nothing of heart can fill. a civilizing influence was brought to bear And now it groans like the liv upon this wild country, and at last in 1SS1 ing When life's faint spark, has fled; Soudan was under a civilized government. As they bow in To be sure there were many imperfections dee, est sorrow Around the newly dead. in the administration of affairs, as of necesAnd now it sounds like music sity there must be under the circumstances. ' But trade flourished. Khartoum, the capi. From a harp of a thousand strings; And then like sweetest tal, occupied an important position at the melody That earthly'chorus junction of the White and the Blue Nile. sings. Now it sounds like It became a business center for European a living thing as well as Egyptian commercial firms. That is haunted and full of pain; Trade was facilitated by steamers plying And then it weeps for the doomed ones, Communication with the outer the river. Whose sins arise again. And then it world was maintained by post and. by telelaughs in derision, And mocks at human woe graph, and just when all reemed going well aTvvarIoud gathered and burst, ravaging ontysirelieopleraiT: Attemptafter atThen rashing it reaches the mountains, tempt was made to crush this revolt, but the countrv and spreading devastation. Then over to valleys below. His' the Mahdi cameioffver victorious. , the famous Euelish Vv-J J1.11,1U1 And now :ike a sa'ddening memory of the victories inspired' the Soudanese with the N soldier; had been Governor-Genera- l It calls up the troubled and dur- - greatest enthusiasm and religious zeal, and Past; Soudan for two years, A ham ujti wcic ungniea, that time he had stamped out the slave they believed they had indeed the expected ing radiant and sunny to last. could, Joo tiadeX As a consequence the slave dealers Mahdi. The British did what they NoVagain it cries like an infant, flood was In- - iSSj Gordon left the to help the Egyptians, but the felt oppressed. And now is mad with Kharadviser of the Chinese not checked. Gordon had reached as glee; toact Soudan , God save the father nshei men relations with Russia. toum with a command, but by the fall of its in government Far out on the He restormy sea. his absence the strife broke Beehu he was completely shut in. was It during This wind is mained at his post hoping against hope; un- ; " ' playing with heartstrings, out. to As U roams abroad tonight; must now for a moment turn: our able, to accomplish his heart's desire; We u Pray that the In England the people crush the" Mahdi. mariner attention to Egypt. In 1876 the Khedive Were roused to fever heat and a relief exJUay see the morning's light. who had been working to get. his of Egypt Uown by the pedition wTas sent to Gordon.. This expe.ii: open fireplace country conducted on modern principles, had to fight the most bitter fights to get Fear, so pallid and cold; .X: found himself practically a bankrupt, v: He tipn and arrived, alas, just too "Me the wind is rattling the have help from foreign nations. to its! destination, been to had window, most foully slain, Gordon had ' n its dance of the demons bold. and English capitalists loined large late ,;V French ,;f France and England had to jrourn the loss of a E"t 0, when it sobs like the human ' sums of money, and England and i and great leader and many brave men. Gorsent experts to try and save something an don's my heart will break! f r him one personal characteristics made In 187b hen out in the " country." on Wfn "earrv the deepest darkness UWtj of the celebrities of the world. His death sake-Aa- a curr?d January 26; 1885. A statue to ' r man nmts in it sounds like an uh army were d is- - j him has been erected, in Trafalgar square, they same year Marching and tramping In ApriroTthe along;' Khartoum, of course, ell? before Two mon hs Tendon. missed by the Khedive. thunder of heavy cannon, tne the enemy, the city being destroyed,' is heard with later the Khedive; was deposed by thevictor's " . -- s - . s - . . . rt 1877-187- , 9, : . : i : . storm-tosse- d , r- r . - : .iia PiayerJor-lhe-wandeFer- ' , -- w-th- : e . song. ? ; ; ' 