WOMAN 42; S. EX?ONJtNT. In making requests of him he hould be does Hot make She punishment. proper rePolite, for if a reasonable request h nade in threats nor. say fifty things she will a polite way the mother is very apt lQ minute. next the gret be obeyed. In severe cases if it is necessary On the other hand look at the mother to command she should do so and with de. who knpws no self- control; she loses her cision but in 770 case should she na. reason, jhips scofds makes J&wtsjJhjLt avoid" should child to do a 7iShe asking a she never keeps anuV is a picture that in is a bad he when huuior. and the child will always rememberyes and Ahing as-tas refuse soon' would just obey, if imitate if he is ever left in control of baby will he refuse 'she she feels, that should sister. into disobedienthim press .'better It is this lack oi self control that makes not his" attention and tl::fs avoid first div.ert a tyrant of the parent. A mother who is thoughtful in dispensing reward or 'an outbreak. There should be established between the punishment is a director a sympathetic bemother and child a standard of rlht and adviser, while a parent who punishes all their dealings with cause he feels irritable or angry is tyrrani-cal- . upon this standard, Parents who are swayed by differ- each other should be based. She should herself and teach him to be ent emotions fall into many errors that tend be conscientious the same, ft is much easier to be obedto make disobedient ' children. The mother should early establish her ient to law because it is right than to obedient because somebody ha: asked us authority she should impress upon the be to be. mind bf the child that she has many in caring for the home, that The position, of the child to the parents she understands what is for the best of "is not unlike our position to 'God. The all and more than all that she is the child is placed in their .care and is subject to their will and upon his conception .authority and must, be obeyed. There is nothing more desirable, as re- of their qualifications will be based his gards the life of parents and children; than faith in them. By a moment of reflection that perfect confidence exist. And in order it will be seen that our faith in God depends to secure this confidence so desirable the entirely on our knowledge of His attributes diswe could not trust nor believe u a God if parent must be truthful. So often obedience is aggravated by parents who He were without judgment, justice and disregard this raw. .'It is sadly common mercy; 'we could not have faith in Him to hear mothers press children into obeying if He were varying in His action; neither ' by promising' them results which they will the child have faith in a parent who A mother should lacks these qualities his faith in them know will never come. be truthful and constant in all her dealings will be in proportion to the extent of their with the child if she tells him such a perfection. Let parents then bear in mind consequence will follow a certain act that if they would keep the faith of she should see that it does follow and that their children they must so live that their actions will appeal to the child. ev?Jiy time the act is. committed. and firm be but loving She should No doubt it occurs, to many mothers no should she affectionate. If she says as they listen to. the ideas advanced, that A her who mother mean no. changes they are very well as theories but will mind often, "who makes rules in haste and not Let me say stand the test of practice. of at them leisure. who treats an to those mothers if "repents any such be here that by offence with severity at one time and with ourselves in this direction much exerting is for leniency the next, laying up miseries, more can be done than we may at first herself and for her children." Even if think. In all cases the mother must use a mother has a poor method it is better her judgment. Kach case will need some to stick to it and be firm than to have attention but the ultimate good a good method and be changable. Lack special from such flowing patience a ud consideraof firmness fosters the habit of coaxing-- -a tion will be ample reward. firm mother will seldom be annoyed in The prophet uttered a truth that the . this. history of the world is ever emphasizing When children make requests (or ask when he said "obedience is better than for privileges; themother should think sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat. of a moment before answering in order to rams." decide exactly in the right, for if she is Obedience is the great law that the busy and worried, she is very apt to say universe- is ever emphasizing. One who ''no" and on reflection find that the does not this divine command written obey request could as well as not have been on every page of nature's book finds himself granted.- But if she has said a thing she at war with while everything in the world; should see that it is carried out at what- the man who grows up in obedience anas ever cost; for it is better to deprive a child himself in harmony with everything in the of. a pleasure than to first refuse him and world then give permission. Many enslave themAt home, in the nation, in the church,he selves by offering bribes aud-b- y threats. discovers this thought dominating allone Children should not be bribed into obedi "The path of obedience is the only, enceif once this ha bit begun there thatleads to absolute and perfect liberty. is no opportunity to stop and in time ... It is. the fundamental law of the great truth I'll themselves in the which shall make us free." least degree unless they receive some re(Mrs.) Amy Brown. Lyman. muneration. Thieatening is also to be avoided a child soon learns that a threat means nothing and pays little attention to itr , The General Society Daughters of the A mother should be just and reasonable Revolution have been obligedby the rapw coreasonable from her own standpoint and growth of the society to secure more from the standpoint' of the child. The) She mmodious rooms for headquarters, should never ask him to make promises now have two rooms in the Presbyterian which she knows he th1 ; Building, 156 Fifth Ave., New York, should not measure his judgment and are probably the handsomest occupied w ability by her own. 3ny patriotic society in the country. : Many do others she has something to say. not understand the voice of nature and either add an artificial punishment or some corrective that in no way relates to the offence By way of explaining the first - thong h t he follow i ug, story ; A little boy who was forbidden to go intothe street alone was jJcrMstent in this fiction. One day he Came in contact With a horse and cart and was knocked down but fortunThe mother seeing ately was not injured. his danger rushed out In the street and when the frightened boy ran to meet her she gave him a vigorous whipping. Now we ask was not the severe fright from which the child suffered punishment enough of itself? We think the natural result of his disobedience was severe, and sufficient to teach him his mistake; but the punishment of his mother turned his thoughts from it and very likely filled him with malice and distrust. But I think" I hear you say not all offences are pursued to that issue where the dire consequence is manifest. For instance we take the familiar case of a child who continually disregards his mother's request It may be of no by going into the water. avail to tell him he will catch cold or take some violent disease, for many children are so blessed with health that these results do not follow. In such a case depriving a child of liberty by tieing him up or keeping him in the house because he has disobeyed the laws of liberty seems a more rational method than whipping. Another illustration we think will serve to impress the thought of rational punishment: A woman vho had a large family of boys and no girls made use of her boys in the "home; She appointed one a lad of about 12 years to take aire of the wash tubs. He was to put them in the cellar after the washing and keep them there. . She explained what Avould happen to them if they were left out in the sun, and gave all thq caulion she thought necessary. However, not many days after she found one of the tubs broken down. She did not lose her temper and punish she simply told hi in he must try to set the tub up After he had worked all the afteragain. noon he realized the graveness of his neglect and was filled with regret. If this mother had inflicted a severe punishment her son would very likely have been filled with anger and would have felt glad that her tub was destroyed. Those who discuss juvenile discipline often attribute all the faults to children and none to parents, butas'we readily see that the child the most part what his parents have made him We do not hesitate to say that much of the blame should go to parents. The duties of the parent are innumerable, but the first and most important of all, are those he owes to his children and in this direction he should put: -.- - . wti-olT- er-t , . . is-f- or his best efforts. : Perhaps the hardest and most beneficial lesson for the mother to leam is the lesson of self control. Some one haLsaid-;tha- t a mother should be an an gel amfitseeiuT she would need to be if she were "able to control herself at all times. She cannot be perfect in this respect but she can exert herself toward this, end, and by haying a definite purpose in view she can accomplish" very much. The mother who does this will find that she can cool lv when she is called upon to administer punislimeut.UShe candook for the cause of .the disobedience and pan decide on the " -- - - o - ; . . ws ! - - : js L.wiLLLoexert . . -- cannot-keep-an- d' 