WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. Mrs. Jv B. Wells, ol tue other associations, 'and most of them were Latter-daIt Saints. faithful still was a grand work, and, required a constant part of the labor,, care and patience officers.' We have been improving from the day the association ,was organized, and felt to thank and ask the Lord W7Ho war tliaiid her . assfstanls" and aids for their labors. Sister.Julia C. Howe, one of the Stake aids, said this was an exceptionally good Primary, and we did onr president and aids credit. 1 loped our ambitious might be led to do that which is right and the guardian angel might be our constant companion, that we would be faithful in attending to our prayers, paying our tithing and responding to all that is required of us; and th'4 as grow, up remember you, truths received in Primary. Meeting closed by singing, "Closing Hymn.' Benediction was pronounced by Brother C. W. Symous. After the. meeting was over President Howarth requested the people to stay, and refreshments were served to about 350 parents and children. mu, to do reported that the club was willing whatever 'seemed best. Pictures might be given. 16 brighten and beautify the school rooms, but in her opinion the sanitary conditions were most necessary. Mrs. Sarah Stewart, representing the Author's Club, said all the members ot Intkindergarten-wel ub were deeply interested'-iork; but lack of time prevents them from taking "many active steps. .Mrs. R. G. McXeice, of the W. C. T. U., desired that the work assigned to her club be the distribution of temperance literature in the schools. A motion was made aud carried that her club be instructed to undertake this noble work. Mrs. J. C. H. King, of the Ladies' Literary Club, stated that their work in the educational was chiefly in the kindergarten line. The other representatives, of the Cleofan and Reaper's, all agreed that kindergarten work and sanitation "should be the first Kach club agreed steps to be considered. to take in charge one or two Schools of the city; aud investigate so as to be able to report at the fall meeting. The meeting then adjourned sine die. "Aimee C. Schileek. y on-th- e ; C The U. W7 P. C. held its regular-meet-ingi- the office of the Woman'sKxi-onknt- , Saturday evening, April 29, 1S99. Opening prayer by Dr. Romania P. Pratt, after which the secretary called the roll, responses being gi en by quotations from Mrs. Heman's poems. The corresponding secretary then read two communications, one from Mrs. Randall of Ogden, the other from the U. P. W. C. asking our club to take the initiative step in calling together the representatives of the Salt Lake clubs to pursue some line of educational work which will benefit the A motion was made schools of out city, by Mrs. Wells and seconded by Mrs. Freeze that a special meeting for this purpose, be called, the Exponent office being the place, and the time, Thursday, May 11, 3 p. m. Carried. Mrs. Clark then read an interesting poem, followed by a well prepared talk on "Indian the scenery in southern Utah. Customs" by Mrs. M. A. Freeze. Dr. R. B.Pratt read Mrs. Rhodes' paper on "The Cliff Dwellers," dainty refreshments were served and a pleasant social hour enjoyed by all present. The meeting then adjourned. . THE PEACE CONFERENCE. The Hague, May 20. The second sitting of the Peace Conference tool; place minutes. this morning and lasted thirty-fiv- e The president of the conference, Baron De Staal, read the replies of the Czar and Queen Wijhelmina to the telegrams sent them by the conference on Thursday. M. De Staal announced today that the government of the Netherlands would give an artistic fete on Jure 16, in honor of the . conference. Several of the chief delegates are leaving-Th- e Hague for a few days, pending the preliminary, work of the commission. Baron De Staal, during the course of the clay, received the following dispatch: "The emperor begs you to be the interpreter to the conference of his. sincere thanks aud warmest wishes. im"My august master charges me-tpress upon your excellency how much his majesty is touched by the telegram addressed to him. "Muravief." ,Mks. Cornelius Stevenson is one of a committee'of three appointed to arrange for a representation of the University of Pennsylvania 'at the Paris Exposition in Mrs. Hannah J. Bailey, Superintendent of the Department of Peace and Arbitration, the officers of the National W. C. T. ll! and the presidents of all the state W. C. T. U.'s, has sent letters to the members of the representatives of the different clubs Thursday, ruetjn the Exponent ofoffice, the meeting was May 11, The object line of some educational to decide upon work in the clubs that would benefit the Mrs Lydia D. Alder schools X)f our city. presided, Mrs. Aimee- C. Schiller "was secretary. the Reviewers said Miss 'A4ellaSnow-f6r- ' they would leave it to the discretion of the we re willing ed uca tional co m m i t tee with other clubs, especially toin interested kindergarten work and sanita- the Peace Conference voiciug their appreciation of the peace sentiments expressed by the Czar, and praying that effectual means may be found for bringing about and maintaining universal peace. - - -- In a few days the ' co-opera- tion.. : "Mrs. Windsor, of the Woman's Club; " lieu to.iiJi.tiai itn, tvjuc: uuuer ILlc care aud supervision of members of club. HUUliiCl j. ij specimen of jcpous(' work. The album lias two cover, the outside being of kangaroo leather, 0u which is inscribed, in silver letters, "Whi field Scott Schley, 1S99." On the jnside cover, which is of white satin, is thv. inscription,- "Winfield Scott . Schley, Uear Admiral, United States Navy, 1S99." The album is of white satin, lined with 'blue be a to j splendid satin. Save Your Money ! And when you ret a dollar, deport-iwith Zion's Savings Bank it Trut Company, the oldest and larfi--t sivin hank in Utah. Si nee the establishment of the-hun- have opened more than l: .,; ) pay. ings accounts. The laws of Utali permit" married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in tlvir own name, subject to their own order. Have vou such an account? If 'not. open one NOW. wo - . . -- - pay FOUR PER CENT IN TERKST on any amount from one dob lar to thousands, and compute mid interest four times a year. WKJTE for any -- information desired.. Lcmrcszo Sxow, Prest. We . G EouoK M. Cannon, Cashier Main Street. Nos. R.E. THOMAS - Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail House S. E.THOMEAi! women- of Baltimore - will present to Admiral Schley an album and a beautiful silverier vice, consisting of six pieces cream -- jug" sugar bowl, teapot, xEHu S33!mM pltcEer.lOa . the bottom of each piece will be engraved the initial "S."Each ; piece is made from a SHORT OREGON LIN E RAILROAD THIE TABLE IN EFFECT MARCH 1906. Pursuant to a call from the U. W. P. C. - . The engraving oir the various pieces is . SPECIAL MEETING. - special design; which is to be destroyed that there will be no reproduction "of . Aim Ely C. SciiiLLiiu, Sec. ..- ; n Eva Symons. Sec. U. W. P. rress '- - ARRIVE. From Oijden, Chicago, Omaha, St. and Denver.. 19, ISM. ' Iouls, Kana? City 8:30a.m. ... O'den. Cache Valley, Portland, Butte arid San Francisco...: From From Ogden, Chicago. St. Louis, Omaba'and Denver 0?den. Cache Valley and San Francisco... ... 8- m- - -'5 3:05 7.20 p.m-Fro- p.m. Frora Frico, Mllford, SanpVW and Intermediate---- points.... From Tlntlc, Mercur and intermediate, From, Tooele and Terminus..... point?'. 9:35 a.m. .i;... 6:30 p. m. .'. 6 (X) p.- - DEPART. For Ogden, park City.'Onmaa, Chicago, Denver, Kan- .ISO.a.m... . ....m City and "St. Louis, v Cache Valley and lntermwliate points.. 8:0 a.m. For m Tintic, Mercur and intermediate ""points 7.'.. 6:40 p.m.. For Ogden, Denver. St. Louis. Chicago, San SHSa.m. For Oerden, Butte, Port'and; San Francisco;. .. .. Fr0de, ForProvo. Sanpete, Milford and Erlsco.... For T000I9 and Jermiaas Trains south of Juab do not run Sundays. Daily except Sunday. ....... 5:20 p.m.. a,m' , City Ticket Office Under Masonic Hall, S-- . Gren ; W. ECCLEH. Traffic Manor. W. D E. BITBLn, Gen. P. andT. Sent ' II. BANCROFT. . Vico President and Qen'l Manager. 