EXPONENT WOMAN'S ubJ.vma 1 - -- .Ttt1,,itil 'lArinva . the pupal unwmdsthe cocoons cocoons are at nrst n iVbture. "The . imvieldniir. They are softened in ' ...r'iih n little .soan. The ends I, vatheied up with a probe to which they W-- her.. nJJi.viii.t U, i and . . ' ' , . i Mie was Dtiried lrom the 8th wartl meet- ing house, winch was beautifully draped and trimmed with smilax, on Monday 16. Her were six of her grandsons. honor was paid her, the meeting Kvery was house and they. filled, the lloral offerings were the filature unwinds them beautiful. One from the Kelief Socivtry. raw silk. ety was a sheaf of wheat. from Philadelphia i pall-bearer- s . -- tVcn . ana a sickle. tiii:. cocoons. - . -which the moths are rv cocoon from ,v0ld to escape are taken with the waste, ?hat is the silk thrown out by the worm i .rurc';t commences jts cocoon, and conc verted into spun silk, and used in the The method of of interior goods. in. cleaning and consists -- anutacuire "aeeratmg the raw material, after. which it jTcarJed and made into thread somewhat '" , 7", the manner of cotton. Cocoons vary in length from 300 to which Soo yards in 'one continuous thread in diameter composed is 7 of an inch Sixty- thousand cocoons, of two fibers. manu-fiVur- She was sick for many months and bore her'sufferings uncomplainingly. She knew-.shcould not recover and gave directions She was a faith-fu- l concerning her funeral worker in the cause of truth and has earned a rest from lur labors of nearly eighty two years. She. leaves many near relative's in the Katem states, one being a twin sister. E. P. . -- 1 . . . 1 - produced from 1. oz. of to girdle ,r N would produce enough-silthe earth at the equator. Ten t" twelve pounds of leaves consumed by the worms produce one pound of Three and three quarters pounds cocoons of cocoons yield one pound (16 ozs.) of raw silk, and one pound of raw silk produces, urn med, 12 ozs. of pure silk, one' when of which with the assistance of which would be k ' cb-- g dye--tu:- d K twenty yards of. a heavy imTwelve thousand gros grain. ported of about "pounds of raw silk, or the product used weekly by a 50.000,0 o worms' are Ladi::g American firm ..in the manufacture Over $100,000,000 o spoil silk alone. were expended .in theJJnited States during r.iake In colored "silks tints can be dyed. Black for silk. the year 18SS "35.000 shades-o- r -- adulterated five hundred indepercent. Pure dye silk's are almost structible, dye being the best, for l;k fabrics can be 16-o- z. service. John Dkan. OM UAKV C1I OV MKS. C. K. VALMER. . Catharine K. Palmer,, wife of Mifflin L. Palmer, passed away at 3:20 p. m., Janu- .: 12-18- She 99 'vas the ' .' Toquerville. Sister Pal 'the. Church of Jesus Christ of Utter-da- y Saints about 184O, and with her husband and part ot. her iamuy ' Sister Louisa G. Ileniuger was born in Bland Co T. Virgin, September S, 1S56. She was the daughter of Francis Grose-closand Mary" I. Grosclose, that being her mother's maiden name also. Sister Louisa was of a. gentle, mild and patient disposition, exhibiting in her tender years a. veneration for God and sacred things, possessing a prayeiful heart and desire to understand the principles taught With in the Scriptures of divine truth. such characteristics she waX readily impressed with the truth of the Gospel as revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith. in these" last days. Klder Jedcdiah'M. Grant intro- duced the Gospel into that section in 183.9 or 1S40,. and made many converts to the, truth Among them vvas Absalom Young who became a very capable Klder in that Louisa with section of 'Virginia.--Sist- erher father was baptized by. Klder' Absalom in Holsten liver, Voun, December 3 Bland Co., Virginia She. promptly secured the spirit of the Gospel and took pleasure, at all times in hearing its principles expounded and in doing all in her power to explain it to others and remove prejudice from the ' '. minds cf the misinformtd. She was married to James Preston caujune 15, 1859, who also at an date had embraced the Gospel.. They remained in Virginia for some years and their Kldt-rhouse was always the heme ofu ihe from Zion. Sister Louisa and her husband never felt that they could do enough to make the servants of the Lord comicrtafche, in every way. unnrl to assist them cute their missionary labors. Their home was ever open to public meetings when more capacious buildings Many of the good could not be procured. at their Virginia folk" have listened familv fireside to the, Gospel expounded by credit KIders from Utah. Be it said to their the also that they entertained the Baptist, class Methodist, the Lutheran, and every preacher that came to their neighborhood, had of the and gave. them the best they comforts of life. By their sojourn, in the a permanent home was made for years, during which KIders- for twenty-siwelcome home time many Elders founds to a and many neighbors were brought knowledge of the truth. husband and Sister Heninger with .her children and two children of her wile by a' tormer 188 v They in the month of November, e i8oTT; She settled in the 8th ward of Salt Lake City, and with the 'exception of a few months has resided there ever since. She joined the Relief Society of, that ward at its organization in 166, and Since then she )vas appointed a teacher. was treasurer and wards counselor, and aftf hi i8qi' she Wfl, nnnointed oresident pC,the scietywhich office she held at the time of e- , . ' Vir-cini- - a x lius-gfnd- 's emedlP 1 U4. j I i a -- new home. They Yccchw their blessings m the House o the Lofd, and have been constantly faithful to their duties. Brother1' Heninger preceded his faithful wjfe to the spirit world nuie years and two months. Sifter Heninger was confined toher-lr- d tjiree weeks, feeling sure that her time, nad come and m 'Stated to her family. Ler only to live was to work in tle Temple lor her dead. Her sou Harvey i now on a mission to his native gathering sta'eyndAcris last ill ncs IKm geneah)gical data.. sbe was filled wit trie calm, piiet influence of the Holy. spirit. TJiose who visited her and administered unto her were all impressed with the heavenly influence which was with hit. She passed pcaceiully to the world beyond without'the sting of death, dying in the Lord, Novunlxrr .'4, 1S9S, surrounded by all her children except one who is on a She was mission to the Southern States. the" mother of eight children', two 50ns and six daughters, every one of whom has embraced tlie Gospel and is living in the faith thereof. At her funeral consoling remarks were made by Bishop Pitkin of Millville, Cache Co., and other KIders well acquainted with the deceased. Her remains were laid quietly to rest it? the Ogden cemetery, Sunday, November 27, 1898. She died in the Lord, she rests from her laboisund her works her. Peace to her memory, she good fight, kept the faith and will receive a crown of eternal life. May in the' to .meet her be her children woi thy morning of th Pirst Resurrection. - -- de-hir- e do-follo- has-'fought'th- e Com. ; ML, I. A r" OLNKY IIVDK. l"lLla Olney . Hyde, wife of . Kzra Hyde, died at Hde Park, Utah, January 10, illness of eight mouths. .She leases a husband and one child, a father, mother and olher relatives, to mourn her 1899, afte-a- n loss. Com. R. S. RKPORT. rl ; t, ' came to Utah in HKNINGE-K- . Tor-pros- 1 . O. s of Abrani and Catharine King Dolbey, and wis born in Chester Co.. Penn., on the 6th 0: April, iS 7. She. was the mother of eight children, five of' whom survive her; they are Mrs. Rebecca V. Harper of .Read--ing- , Penn., Mrs. Phoebe Shaffer and Mrs. Eliza Frost of this city, Mr.. A. Morris PU.ner of Taylorsville and Mrs. Bethula -' Sharp- of Vernon; and she was also the mother of the late'Mrs. Selinda D. Bring-hur5wife of Bishop V. A. Bringhurst of ary LOUISA Hen-inge- 1 ' SK1 . i : mnde-tjie- m I HINGIIAM STAKK. The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Bingham Stake convenedxat Lewisville, Dice m her .17, 1898, PresideuK lv. J. Bennett piesiding. Opened by sin g-ii:- g. "The 'morning JjreaJwsVLlJ!rayer.by: Singing "Now let us relhsliopJaTdine joice." President K. J Bennett made a few opening remarks, minutes of the' pre- vious forenoon conference were read and approved. President James K. Steele explained to the sisters the necessity of sending in ' their, charitable reports "to the Bishops.' President K. J. Bennett said we should give what we have to give through the Relief Society that we may have credit on the books, and then forward our half yearly re- - , ports to the Bishops that the sisters may have credit for what they do, and when the teachers go around they should try'and find out it there are any who are in need, and , those who may need assistance should not be too proud to receive help. We should be careful not 'to make our. busicess so as to hurt any one's feelings. Reports were then given as follows: Lewisville, , President Jardine Menan, Counselor Mary Stephens; Ioria Secretary ; - too-publi- , c 