WOMAN'S KXFONKKT. i.eit.,-m-ir-hitY-o- fl-n- tir t iraver tUatJ.k.'krer-- C Wixom said, Mf like to uphold the oinecrs lor. i Know I have I'cIihiUo the Kc thev need it. I was lief" Society from the beginning. acquainted wi'h Sister Motley, I Aunt Harriet ami Sifter Widerborg. think there never wac three hater women. .1 am pleased to' mention their names', and speak of thtir good works. Sister Mary Jau-e- n of the 3rd ward said, Sister Widerborg has left us, bin I think she has always bieu- trying to he a true, faithful Latter day Saint, and her eounsd-orwere true ami faithful in their calling. ..... n t!n. : .... .1. rnt !Ji,...f ..wuw. i.i m 'm.h 1 nere is a gn..u a..,,l uti Society; we marvel at it." Sister Harper of Calls Fort slid, "I hope I may live so that there may he a place for me where those who have lett us are." President Susannah P. Booth said, "I have great ..sympathy, for my Meiers from the settlements trying to come here at ten o'clock. I know the Lord will nut forsake me if I do my part, and I know He will help my counselors if we work in unison and love. There is just as much responsibility oh the members as on the' officers. May we again associate with Sister Morley, Aunt Harriet and Sister Widerborg; those wish we have loved and lalored with. those present to May to luncheon provided bv the ud ward." Barred: Singings '"Now !ct 11s rujo.cj tion by Bishop Jensen of Bear River City. After opening exerAfternoon session; cises Sister Thorne of Three Mile said," We are trying to do all the good we'ean for the poor. I ask the Lord to help us live humble and near to Him. ' ' Sister Sadie Hanson said, "1 feel grateful and acknowledge the hand of the Lord that I am able to of her serious, walk to this stand.", p-ke illness and reported Beaver Dam ward. Bishop Jensen of Bear Lake City said, "I feel it quite an honor to., represent our Relief Society. I have labored together with the sisters for a little more than seventeen years. It Ins been a labor of love, they have always been on hand voluntarily We to assist in 'building up the kingdom. have a president eighty-twyears, old." Reported the ward and said, "These sisters have not been called by President Clawson nor President Snow, but directly by the Lord, and I know it, and if they will be faithful they will, succeed." President. Rudger Clawson said, 'T am noc very well and if it was not the first meeting after your reorganisation and other A rime Sister holy calling." im-timate- o -- saiiidrreasoTiI-WTjnW Counseled the Relief Society to today." hold short meetings. He then presented as follows: the officers nfhxrtalce-Boa- rd Susannah P. Booth, president: Kmilia D. Madsen and Louisa Peters, counselors; . , , - " tln-if.,,iV- f j i 1 I . tln-i- r ! ) ; ),-.- I,,--- . . 1 - : - ii.nu-arm- i ! i i i .1 ii.-ii--I. I '1 , -- 1 J-" j 1 sir-.ter- - bu-liev- e ' . r 1 t:p-anothe- Des-Moine- a-- s 4 i intf-ntiti- -v T - j enter-thecounseLoftho.- U-.- nl 1 1 1 . 4 . . ' -- I ht-f- ; THOMAS . -- s ' ' 1 . - oji.-.'h'- i - i 1 , .7.. - ' " Annie Wixom, recording secretary; Kmilia D. Madsen, corresponding secretary ; Fanny Graehl, treasurer; Eugenie S. Pierce," assistant secretary. Vote was unanimous. President Clawson continued: "Siscer Widerborg was a Woman of great faith, always in line with the priesthood, she was very successful in her labors. The sisters have a little, surprise for her counselors, Sister Wright and Sis er Reese, who have Ve feel to bless labored so faithfully. them, the Lord will not forsake them, the Umux IX Madsex, Cor. Sec.. sisters want them to know they are remem-- ; I feel to bered, we will remember them. 1) .4 bless them in authority of the Imly priestoeuer I' riot. ; tell your neighbor vonr ' hood, in the name of God." l trouolesunlessyou are willing to listen tohis. she-wa- ; e siir-nris- s -S- - a-.- w-- - I- - avnl - ly . Wright , . . Reese werebister V;th 7.!.nV Sav.a Bank v '''. i eacn .proemea wuu a i.aims-jmami nuicsi .i"v.mi Jargt-rtrnpuri. in' hinlrii Ctah. chair as a present ffom the sisters oi Box Simof th.- I,,,', llj'; LULr in acknowlegemeht of their labors.' iuu-'hav: lh;ia I'i.n , " ' Sister Mary K. Wright said. "This M'rs. I touches a tender cord, mv .sisters. l .ws of I'taii prniiit trin.--! ;.., 1 aiso rhilfltvn who v uric a feel well in the Gospel, we have enjoyed a ;uv )f,,, to ('ri ifir aivounfr in feast '."today, the spirit of the Lord has been u 10 if own on!-rI f. here.' It is well with Sister Widerborg, al Khfh .01 If tint. u.ii Sister ZUla Reese J'" though I miss her." .i.fi NOW. I siid, "My brethren ah sisters feel to appay I'nilti Villi ('KXT tokindness1 us shown have 'I'lluK-Sth; you preciate iuy arnount front ui.t', 10 arsa eota;j?c I ilD miss Mstir W i.iv l: day. merborg because t !o r:w. l:!i'lv?! she was so. kind tome. I feel to oontiuue Vii!U-for ati , m'tn!.atfirt in our good labor, and pray the Lord to " w'n. n::i V' - t'U'i.r. bless us eaeh and everyone. " Sister .Kmilia' I). Madsen was the next Main s id 1. speaker. She gave vent lohcr appreciation .v. oi. the Relief Socictv. Counselor Loti: I Peters said "When I reilecl on thtr Mrs. A lce Parker Lessen attorney at law am called to succeed T feel to pray that I of Boston. Mass"', has been, admitted he may' folio w in ill ir footstep-- . President Kelley said, '"I believe there is Judge Putnam Uj practice in the U.. S. Dis. trict and Circuit Courts; also in the U. S. of kindness in every heatt. I District Court of Appeals. you all eudvirse tint which has been done here, all who do raise your hand." Mrs. Kli.abeth Cady Stanton and Mis ex(Unanimous) "I do iiot feel capable of Susan, B Anthony have addressed au"opea I was acquainted letter, to President McKinley, pressing my .feelings. asking that with Aunt. Leuoru Snow Morley. as noble suffrage may be granted to the women of. and s a woman as ever lived. Then Hawaii upon the same terms as the men. Aunt Harriet was so energetic and interestMiss Maud Claiborne of Glen wood, Utajj. ed in the Relief Society, always working. "has beeir electa! -- ton pr i mary position u " "!7rTt."Tfien the Lord raised schools at an- increased in Olivia Widerborg, who was just as good the Xow we have a new presithe others. salary, with promise of a further: increase dency and I have, no .doubt that they are But the Gleuwooi Uird were not willing to her go. She was too goud a teacher to jut as able to carry out this hbor. I am let From the teacher's standpoint we pleased that you have honored the former release. counselors, that their labors are appreciated are sorry for Miss' Claiborne, since such opand their hearts are made gUd, their lius- - portunities do not come often; but she is to be congratulated upon the evidf-n- t U ill Hl'w 'aim.! iiwaiij ut w illWi appreciworld, 'Brother Wright, Brother Reese and ation of her work both at home and abroad. Brother "Harvey Pierce ate rejoicing to see ' Mr. Edward W. Bok, editor of the Ladies their wives h mored." President Vatkius said, "I realize the liome Journal. "tays: "The platform woman . spirit of God is here, there is a feeling of has never been a credit to, but ever a blot affection and love." Spoke of the labors upon American womanhood. I make this, of the Relief Society, holding up the hands emphatic statement from a personal knowloi the priesthood, storing up wheat for the edge of the bonus vhich these women leave time of scarcity. "What a 'glorious work behind when they go to their meet" are in It WOuld he Whovcan ings you engaged my sisters tell the result ? In your labors of love seek whether young Mr. Bok was ever' who are nheed over tained in the home of U Tnlin ue .Mrs. reauy it) asisi tiiese new officers Iiowe, )ini ,tiiu Mary A. Livermore, Mrs.' as they are ready to assist the priesthood." U Lucy Stone. Fiances K Willarrl 'KHzabfitii Jensen said. "I have, known these Cadv Stanton, Mrs. Ballington Bishop sisters who .have been elected 'for a. long Booth, "Susan B. Anthony, or any of the time. Tiiis is a good association and a most distinguished "platform women" of "to "this no ws one the ? United kno tr.f us, great blessing ter tuau til- - Bishops. I was much pleased to see what was done for the sisters, I appreciate, them, I know they have earned it. I .am .glad we have so many good sisters. . .May we be united in doing good. ' ' President S;. P. Booth said, lT do not feel capable to represent the Slake, I hope lieiiovtil lo 59 HjiaSL in the spring we will be able to visit all the seulements. I think we. cannot do too SALT LiVlCE CITV. much tor those who have labored, so long and so faithfully. I know the Lord will not forsake me if I do my part. I pray the Lord to bless you all, my sisters, "with the spirit of your calling." Congregation arose and sang "The spirit of God like a Hre is burning. " Benediction Brotnef by Crawford.. .Mafy . is ail ish .'hi. oust wmjq O mm : se 