AVOMAXS,KXPONI.CXT.' I First ':.!;foreseeing nu-r- Wit': "wtfntTT'i.T: laying ot an the wiset pl.ue, v Y (Irrat' .' !:"tinvt-'ui(le- ,. 4' ali rt-eJin- tnther died--- ' l Wi name And'!o:ig in And Inn--- ,'.i jh'ovisiou of. the proper bxd larva togrow fat uon .," motherhood, no love, no i.v. I'l ' ' :: i .. ... me . iie :eeoru well flo'lf, that I . T" a- - I'c: r,,r . .j' .'a- - ircn .fliers "Vti then; ' ,..!' : i I:er ble-- v-- n U hen' the kitten and the cab and firt the mother knew' ! k i. on I'i kkin , i. .vii:si.n J'ratt on .ile. ;b!:ng of furry little paws. ,:re of the hungry little mouth t!,evinore than ready mother-breas- t . ::;at eo.mes of giving and of vare. ' . ' Su j A. TOMAN MISSIONARY. r have. )ue year ag vjhisjlay September J5U1. we left. the coast of California: that was the Sabbath, this is Monday. Little did I then think what was before me My extreme sickness on the' water ami the trials attend-ing that voyage, were hidden from me. Had I known beforehand--whaI should I could not have undertake!! it. I sulL'r, A'o; !vir:g all. a M the in the highest degree, but. little do thev J nis-ow- Th:sv::.ill be. i callow feebleness, and then lledgling from 'the. nest to hV. :v.,r a o:ic dJ-a- lr t:;and call her . : f J?HMxinpatient o'erthc ih si. ..vie stirring f annmknown love; v.; eggs unhatehed, feeding the yor.ng W:; ; . . i th- - Sh ietv NlaudV '''Continued. lo sow good , seed. My daughters have set an example of industry have-endeavore- and sobriety. Our reward will certainly come lo us in the future. ,. Mr. Grouard invited us to his house to dine. H;s ncftive wife, after helping to cook the food, would not eat at the table. I marvel greatly when I see while men, sensible, intelligent men, 'conforming to of the island women; eating their fx)d from the ground, without knife or fork: isolating themselves from the world: raising a posterity they can never be proud of. There must be some cause not apparent to those who afe scut here to preach the Gospel. For them to go back to their native country and mingle in society, would be like leing ushered into a new world. When the white men are absent the head chief leads. "Iloatau" has a powerful voice, and great energy and force in his manner, lesides great rzeal for this , cause. He is a natural orator. Mr. Grouard is ex tremely anxious to be scut to California" ro j;ct a vessel in which to convey the island brethren to Hie bodv of the Church Mr. favor of the enterpri'-e-, fear Pratt is not-iiing it might detain us. here too long. How painful to be kept in suspense I The 22nd day. The equinoctial storm occurred, which coh tinned for. a week. We are expecting to hear of terrible disasters at sea. Glad our hearts are to see the smiling face of the old king of day once more. In f a dismal world this dark, day. seems intolerable.. Sunshine and flowers are our . congenial companions. On the 26th, before the dawn. of day, Mr. Pratt went forth with dog and guTi to slToot wild fowl. He was induced to take Fran-- . ces, our second daughter, with him, with a view to dispel the gloom which seemed hanging over her. They went two miles to the mountains, up the cliff, and returned The excursion had with plenty of game, the desired effect. This seclusion from the world at intervals is very trying on the children. At such times they resort to rambles on the mountains with the native children, gather wild flowers, decorate themselves and return in fine spirits. ' I have witnessed another settingr suiii beautiful when going down behind the AH is silent, not a sound do I great deep. I know hot hear from the noisy world. but it is all buried up, and Babylon lallen I trust, however, to rise no more forever that. Salt Lake City still remahis; How long must we enduretms-irapri.wnmen- t-i I have one little hope remaining, v Captain Tohnson is exoected in. and he will o jus" news from the dear old world. brinp So I will try to live a fe wr days longer. My employment daily is to keep the Krt-'a- t -- Singing hymns (the natives can. sing nothing tdsc) is a rcat oi happiness to ns. A portion of our time every eve.;d: Nursing with her milk, is ning spent iirthis amusement, to death all danger to her young. for food for little ones When Mr. Layton returned from Tahiti, thcra how to hunt and fight in )' he brought with him a young girl with a not till the new litter came. view to rescue her a life of sin, and to d: When the little savage irrew. M watch over her for good. She is a sweet .... ;;s mother's side, and learned to feel ,. and looks singer innocent, but has had no .her even in his father's heart, S'He from her parents to warn her to teachings to new babies while the first Lvc e. shun I would like to have a led mother's care, and therefore love Still temptations. longer because childhood did. Lr, c i.; largo hou.se; and have means to take all such poor, abused children under my ' Mother! intense, with brute passion, narrow with the range I. look njxu this joor charge. :i lives to meanest service bowed; ); 'a girl's intelligent countenance, listen to her to the sacrifice of life; pleasant voice and think how lamentable vond lelicf, and ignorant that she must he .sacrificed to the base what should keep the. child alive. of ungodly men: Had I no daughters Lv; .reading with the spread of- human needs, The child's new, changing, of my own, I would adopt her, and teach wants, Vt ehing like l)rute mothers of the past her to be chaste and pure; but she would T)g:c all things to her own child herself. be a dangerous companion for those younglovi::g to the exclusion bf all else; er than herself; there is something ensnarTo the er.iid's sendee bending a whole life; t idling the young creature day by dav ing in her looks. The two- little girls we aek of Justice, Liberty and J'eac'e. have m our family are very amusing. They Civilized. There stands at last sing with energy, as if they felt the thrillFaeir. the heavens with as calm a smile, ing effect of their own music. I look upon The highest fruit of the long work of God; them with admiration. The highe-- t type of this the highest race; Last night our rest was She ::v :n whose irropine" instinct erew all love- September 20. in which is all the life of man. .Vii jo e disturbed by the sickness of Brother wife. The Klders were called up to Moth. imo'l: Seeing with her clear, kind eyes, administer to her by the laying on of hands. tender eyes.. herein the smile, Is Ilkv the smile of sunlight on the sea, Her little sister sleeping in my house was That the new children of the ne.. er day awakened to go with all the relatives and Xeei! than any 'single heart-cagive, sympathize, whether the person is dangerMore than is known to any single mind, More than is found in ously ill or not. Such is their- custom, any single house, And need it from the day they see the light. even to a fanaura (a birth) all must be Then measuring her love by what they need, present. (hee from the heart of modem motherhood, This morning a sister from Ravaivai, 4 fiive- - iirst, as tree to bear God's highest fruit, It was her called and inquired for Kllen. ') t.!ca- - strong body, perfect and full grown. the purpose f its womanhood, niece, she said, who had made friends with Xot f"- - light our daughter, when she visited that island. fancy of a lover mind; fiive-ekar mind, athletic, beautiful, For that reason she called Kllen her grandI'Npawop.ate, unswerving from the truth; Gives a heart that throbs with human love, child, and land belonging to her niece, she great As she would wish her son to love the world. affirmed, was Kllen's. Such is theirGus-towhen two make an agreement to be The:: when the child comes, as a star. lovely friends. Whatever property they possess She, " the eace of motherhood, primal Xu belongs equally to both, and must not be her baby with unceasing joy," With lilk of human withholden in case it is needed. kindness, human health, h ' human 'beauty anch immortal love... The 9th day. This morning a native And t ;en? Ah! here is the Xew Motherhood sister sent in haste for the Klders, having The otherhood of the fair world been taken alarmingly ill with the?cramp Oidn ions New .Mother of Kow Mpti ' cholic. Mr. Pratt had a few' days " IxFfqre jier cliild, with other children from its birth, freedom of warm air, refused to administer to her and her huswisest eyes, the tenderest thought, .. band, on account of their using too much all and all by peace, beauty tobacco, . upon which they were both through the gardens of the world, and covenanted to' use no more. I the crowned heads of science; and great love jitii app-.ng safe paths for those small 'nisv feet nursed, her,- - anointed her with oil and the laue. human love by feeling human 'love, Klders laid on hands in the name of the' J justice by the laws that rule his days, Poor i aught wisdom Lord, and she soon recovered: in-- which he lives, bv wav the c creatures, they know nothing about nursing aught to love all mankind and .serve them fair each other; children they are in knowledge. Hm.dng,from.his birth, all children served itn the same care. righteous, They repeat everything from their teachers, those under' FourSacrimy immediate charge. they set no bounds to their abilities. Mother Xoble Mother, yet to come I How shall fices and they consider necessary teen were seated around the table at once. child point to the bright career, thy conducted themselves well, Ut ? r of whom he boasts to be the son adornments; powers of mind to supply their Theywith knives and forksextremely and tried lo Act r, assiduous' sen-ice the needv. tney tmnK ate spent'. on him, their the tiftn t'T wi;r?rTri forth hoc cpf superiors should be qualifications of all the. servants J imitate " man, TTdxontmiied". 1 are liber aDwith their means" u ita health and beautv for his own. "of God. They heart-war- m ; half-weane- ; d the-habit- turn"--::- ,.?:.,-.- - 3 M .41 ,. - I" --- ,:ng " 1 , ; Semi-civilize- . im-media- d, te Fi-.:- i -- ( ! : !').---, ! ' nas-sio- n - ; ever-growin- g A - i -- . Lay-ton- 's v o-.i- '- far-tif- - ;:i-c- - a . m . . i ' Bri-- . i1 nr!'-- itm.-.:nde- r new-mad- - e 'e ed t'.-i'1)'.?- -I- . " . . ' .all-embraci- - 7 . a'-;- pt - ng ! self-deni- al . T'Vtii-iV- i "" strength and - . s 