WOMAN'S KXI'ONHNT gaVtes and hall" timbered r9 still living to mourn a- tender and "devotee' ... rDimAi. NOTES. ;X)n .mot.;eri- to whom they wcrcimM (IevutwIIv" Inn called. "The Sheakesieare." Tries attached. She has lv:t thirty in. Convention u .tin- m tte tler.it ion vy w'tn ftdiage,-- almost embowering ten great grandchildren and'.ah of Clulw, held October ;(, and rS; in Down the hue you cross a tke !ouses. the companion of her youth, and to u:c Lonitational Church, in. this city, ' hti'w l:uf)k a few yards from the house, whom .she was fondly' attacned '11 was nd 1 ne sslVl. silec ho,h.ir:Meliiig' through is a .long thatched tenement of wood whi-- 'i more than halt a century. s papei and midf eses were of a high char On the central chiiruey, cut a:ul gl ister. n;U-:acter iv. am .:ou besooke th great The funeral services were .held on and stone ' the Friday let.iuio is en-bricks, jit aw akea d among- women on sub October 27, at 2. p. m., at the residence oi interest the letters J. II., ?ud 'date ,1697. jects.oi vitnl . Tay Mis. Presidentjoseph F. Smith er s Ti:-house ;s divided into three apartments. and lor.saddre.-sowere o nducttd by wcie.ouu.yM is Kwiug's panr Bislfbp W. There is a passage' between two of them; B.eatie, Mrs Lumps paper and lr. Bishop of the Sevcuteeth Ward, in .Ujm !W'm on. the right lias a chimney" ex winch she hud leaded ever since the waul Lilian's, were all exet iie'ut, and .we shall tt iuing the; whole width of the house, with was organized. glad to make lurther mention of these al (,veii and boiler; this is the kitchen. mei tings hereafter. The services opened bv ' ' singing "0, my .The rooms are .ceiled with :Urong, heavy Father. Thou that Midwellek,' C11 etc. PraYer' - Cikiai: The present resident is a mm an .Ca it asj.l Miss beams. O. of John Hathaway. Taylor. Over was olTered by Bishop Finery, of the SixXevv.Vork C.it v....iie tour- Maty Hay, teenth Ward. The choir in Wc.'-the first "When is in Ih" iiileresl of Loud the bedroom, up rickety stairs, . the parlor ing sing " thelorious etc. light'of truth, where there stands 'an old carved oak bedauo are sultrage. l"iu aic J::;e ?, o; r. The ;i first women masked abililv. B Call is stead, elaborately and tastefully executed, speaker was HIder W one !;. of a near niseis tinest n on the siit aliaee, atiorm. neighbor, and one who had certainly as eld as the Shakcscare eriod.. the iti known that her the is n; from, the settling of these and handed do vn as an heirloom with the suij'raje work. Thev came hei from He told of her many .virtues and her '.b:stana Mul en.t direct house.- The old lady of the house, nearly from Salt Lake 10 San Francisco. i a ninety years of age, declares she slept in it strict integrity .'to the truth under all cir ot m this hoies oihro and on cumstances, from childhood, and was always told it had gave a brief retrospect of meeting Monday. ' at m OctOt;er a ;Yo, CeutialCouunittee the , 3 p. days, leeii there ever since the house was organiatioirof wards, dowas to so and work in this on. and organized quorums, built. paid a glowing State in the inteie.--t of- sutlrage--fotribute to this excellent woman. other The Shakespeare house, New Place, Mrs. F. S. Uiehards parts of the.cnintry. Guild Hall and Grammar School, where 'Bishop Elijah ,S Sheets followed, and is chairman: Mrs J. 1'ewsou, Smith secreShakespeare was taught, will be sufficient testified of the faith and integrity of the enshort sketch (as this is already tire family of Brother .Bigler, (the father) tary; Mrs. I'll.' Y. Hyde, treasure! Mrs. K. J. McFarlam, chairman canvassing members of which he had been intimately too long) about our visit to Stratford-or- i "commiitee. represented three Avon. acquainted with in the days of Xauvoo. counties. ,A nifet'ug to comjdete the Apostle John Henry Smith spoke of the atand plan will be held at Mrs. P. tractive and entertaining qualities of Sister r. GONE TO HER REST. resrience. on aturav at ; n Lambson, whom he had known from his m.,Jennings Aovemixr Sister. Melissa Jane Bigler Lambson, a boyhood up. Alluded also to the family of Brother and Sister Bigler and their great woman pioneer in the Church and in the Tm:dadiesof tin- W.'C. T.U. who were in in faith the Gospel, and referred to the the city Sunday and Monday, were tendered State, has passed to her rest beyond the of the deceased, Brother Jacob a reception by .the Central Board of the vail, has finished her earthly pilgrimage aged brother a Patriarch of the Church, still livBigler, and gone to join the innumerable host on the V.'L. N. M. L A. 7 in the parlors of the Bee in. Xephi, Utah, yet not able to come Hive, the residence of President Lorenzo other side, where there is no more pain ing to Salt Lake City 'to attend the funeral; a Snow, on .Monday afternoon. or sorrow or weeping; and although those The rooms man of strict and integrity near and dear by the ties of kindred and unquestioning were Tastefully decorated with flowers and He also spoke with affection and in plants. Mrs. Snow, the hostess, is an faith. terms of praise of Sister Bathsheba W. active member of the Board, Mrs. H. S. ship here, yet there will doubtless 02 joy Smith, the only one of the Bigler sisters Taylor is president and Miss Ann M. Can-- ' and rejoicing there, that a loved one has restill living. Other members assisted in Many excellent tributes were non secretary. turned, having endured and r8been faithful in Lamlson Sister the remarks made in and true Jn the Gospel, for the race is not paid receiving and serving dainty and clelicate several the Miss Bessie Kdmonds renrefreshments. by to the swift, nor the battle to the speakers strong, dered very sweetly two 'charming sopgs,.. Bishop Beatie made some closing rehut to him that endureth unto the end. marks in which he mentioned more recent "Good Bye Sweet Day" and "Slumoer's Sister Melissa Jane Bigler Lambson, matters pertaining to Sister'Lambson's Life, Sweet Lullaby. Fine selections on the who died in this city, October 25, 1S99, and the acquaintance he made .with her piano were artistically executed. was 'the daughter of Mark and Susanna when acting as a teacher in the ward, and Ogden Bigler, and was born in Shinston, afterwards as Iter Bishop. r ndiiisoii f o., ITT west Virginia, juarcn R. S. REPORT. 24, The closing hymn Was, "We shall meet 1825. Her parents received the Gospel beyond the river." The music was furnWAYNK STAKE. lien she was a child, and were faithful the Sixteenth Ward choir, and ished by Latter Saints. With them, she went was The Relief Society conference of Wayne very choice in selection and well ren- j up to Missouri, and afterwards to Nauvoo. dered. Tne benediction was pronounced Stake was held September ij.A 199, in the Illinois, sharing inTali the hardships Thin ber Relief Society hall. Stake Presi- by Counselor Frank S. Tiugey. of those early times. In Naudent W. K. Robison and a number ot looked peaceful and hapvoo she became the wife of Alfred B. in her beautiful. robes as she lay in the brethren were present, and President Jane Lambson, with whom she left the city at py white casket, and 'many were the floral S. Coleman presided. he time of the exodus in 1846, and shared, The Thurber. choir sang:. "Guide us. 0 tributes, from loving and sympathetic rela""' in the Brothof eventful that perils period. and friends. Her remains were fob, Thou Great Jehovah "; Prayer by Patritives er ai d Sister Lambson came to arch K, H. Blackburn. Utah,, arlowed to the cemetery by a numerous proSinging, "I long riving in September, 1847." Here, as beto the mountain breathe air." Minutes of cession of those who loved and honored her fore, she endured all the and conference the read by the secreprivations previous memory. The grave Was dedicated by trials incident to pioneer life in the new PatriarcbJelsse B.Martin, and Sister Lamb-son'- s tary and accepted. and barren, desert country, and passed President Coleruan desired jthe blessings ' mortal body was laid peacefully away all the hardships of that period to await the morning of the resurrection of invoked by our beloved- patriarch realized without murmuring or wavering in her throughout our conference. .. Said the aim' the just. faith. Her last illness was a total breaking of the Relief Society is high,' it is one of "Blessed areihe dead who die in the Lord from UP of the entire forces of life. She had 'henceforth yea; t cy rest from t ear labors and the privileges of the Gospel. AVe should been delicate in health for sustain purity and irtue. The Lord has " many years, and their works do follow t em." at list succumbed to the inevitable, withcommanded that we bring up our children" out complaint, in light and truth, we should lead in every-Ti- f only desiring: to rest and be we had no faults ourselves we should 4 thing that has a tendency to elevate c .The the local branch es Tne deceased was the mother of four ..not'Ibe.'.soiouickto..obserreose-- The v : 1 and found "them in good .condition. c"ihren, three daughters and one son ail. friends. old-fashi- d it.; !- J' . ay.there is a little tnA -u- - ia. - 1 1 . , a-- ed litis-baud,- ', ; . . 1 itnp-'itance- 1 ,, . . j' ! xV:'- - be-ver- y - ' ' ' grand-dan-tite- r ( , 1 j Gc-ore-e f val-h-y- s. -- - " the-ear- ly ' - sp-ei- - al - for-anoth- ; er " The-ladie- m . - -- sfh-pHn- n it-ill- - . j I J a TT- j and-persecution- s ; j Sister-Lambso- j j ' I . . "'. to-rou- - " ' ''.; I ) i j " r J 