secretary, and Elvira A. Cowles treasurer. President Joseph Smith said, ,"I now de-'- . elate this" society organised with president and counselors, according to Parliamentary adusages, and all who shall hereafter le mitted into this society must he free from censure and received by vote. " Elder Taylor addressed the meeting say: ing he was much gratified in seeing a meetreing of this kind in Nauvoo; his heart joiced when he saw the most distinguished characters stepping forth in a cause which was calculated to bring into exercise every virtue and give scope to the benevolent feelHe rejoiced to ings of the female heart:. see this institution according to the laws of heaven; his prayer was that the blessings of God and the peace of heaven might rest upon this institution henceforth. President Jos. Smith gave a five dollar gold piece to commence a. Relief Society fund and said, ?,Vhatever I do hereafter for charity, I shall do through this society."Sarah M. Kimball gave i. o. Ann Whitney 5ccts .Emma Smith $i oo, Sarah M. Cleveland izkf-.- Willard Rich-- , ards $i oo, Klder Joan Taylor $2 00. The names of the sifters present at this meeting were KmmaSmnh, Martha Knight, Elvira A. Cowles, Sarah M. Cleveland, Phebe Ann Hawkes, .Margaret A. Cook, Desdemona Fulmer, -- Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Sarah M. Kimball, Klizaheth Jones, Leonora Taylor, Kliza R. Snow, Sophia Packard, Pathsheba W. Smith, Sophia Robinson, Philandallerrick, Phebe M.Wheeler and Sophia R. Marks. Alter singing "Come let us rejoice in the day of salvation". piayer was offered and meeting adjourned for one week. 11VV.IV H Mi..1it" . . - .Miss - " ' -- - , " Elder Hyde and over which he was HivW until his death in 1874. The first summer they lived in vago;;5 HYUIC GLOVDK . ABIGAIL . aiuLteuts. Sister IJyde. was very j:Uiu"s labors of settling ;t 1:t.v Abigail Gloyde Hyde was the daughter trious during these of Charles Gloyde and Abigail Pratt. She place and cheerfully adapted herself to the situation. She was the first president" of was born in Cunningtoii, Hampshire Co., Massachusetts, November. 16, 1S20; this the Relief Society in Hyde, Park 'and filled was also the birthplace and early home of the position .with credit and satisfaction fur a number of years, through her entire the poet William Cullen Bryant. She'. brought from her labors Her parents were among the early famiin Massachusetts over sevenlies of New England.' Her grandfathers in the factory hundred dollars, which was very ojijr-tunGloyde and Pratt both served their country teen for those haul times. with honor in the Revolutionary; war She Brother Hyde purchased a 'carding mi;i spent her early years, at home with 'her in Logan .and Sister Abigail being very parents and attending school. .Her father was engaged in the manufacture of woolen anxious to earn something to help' herself U a livelihood, and being the only one is goods, being the proprietor of a woolen That section who understood carding lactory. . At the age of eighteen Abigail to Logan and worked. in the inill for a left school with a good common school eduSubsequently she went tu cation and commenced work in thr factory. term of years. Store in 'Hyde work in the She had early been taught tke habit of inPark, and proved herself in this capacity a dustry and was (a constant worker throughout life. She also had a .veneration for most Efficient business woman "and was scrupulously honest in all her transactions. sacred things, but was quiet and unpretenShe heard the She continued" in this employment for tious in her disposition. of her husband, Gospel as revealed by 'the Prophet Joseph several years alter the death when the .store went into other hands. Ik. in her early youth, and was strongly im' ing left without employment '.she went to pressed with the truth thereof. In 1S40 Elder William Hyde performed Logan City and again took up her abode six days in the week in the carding mi!!. a mission in the Eastern stat'-s- and JanuShe continued in this l?bor several years! ary 16 of that year baptized AbigaiPGloyde In the former years. of her labors in the and two of her couiuSarahimdJucvL i w h e t h e b u s i n es s wa s so Her mother subsequently joined Tea r d h g in Pratt. She had a constant desire to flush "''that- the mill had to run day and the Church. Sister Hyde would run the mill from gather with 'the Saints, but as her father night, had not embraceohe Gospel she deferred midnight until noon, when she would be her t migration until 1859, alter her mother's released by an able bodied man: and thus a long time she did the work whicli was death, when she resolved to start alone and for tw ill rv 1i ftT n 'i Vw iri am e tlnitHf ttviii nrw? join with the Saints in the .Rocky mounJ tains. Her cousin, Sarah Pratt, joined her which few women could do. She was postmistress of Hyde Park ft r in the expedition, and .on May 11, homes of twelve years, and ..while.absent. working in these two young women left-ththe carding mill her cousin Sarah, who their parents and all their pleasant suras roundings and started for the gathering lived in the same house, filled the place place of the Saints Sister Abigail's rather ...deputy. Her reports and transactions 'were "satisfacaccompaired her fifty milesto Albany, New always correct, giving the best of York, where they. joined a company of tion to all concerned. During this busy life of constant indus seven hundred Saints presided over by Elder George Q. Cannon," en route to Salt try and hard labor she bore three children, two sons and one daughter, ail of whom Lake City. Latter-daThe company chartered a train .and survive her and are active, faithful Saints.. The eldest son is now the journeyed to St. Joseph, Missouri. Here of Hyde Park. they prepared for the ox team journey Bishop During the past few months Sister Hyde across the plains. Sister Abigail having was afflicted with paralysis, and passed been very industrious in the woolen' factory peacefully away without a struggle: at 1:35 had earned and saved several hundred dolHer a. in., Tuesday, 'January 10, 1899. lars. With a portion of this she purchased children were all present at her bedside t h ree' yoke of oxen and two wagons. One heeaves--t wa they loaded with goods the other they used for riding and sleeping in. The women gons 'and a daughter, six grandsons and three granddaughters to mourn her- Loss. might have driven their own team but one Her funeral was held in Hyde Park at of the brethren desired to do the work for them in order to procure a ride for his wife. noon, Saturday 14th inst., and was attended They had a very pleasant r;de over the by the family and many loving friends. Consoling and instructive remarks were plains with which they were much, delighted, Sister Abigail walked most of the made by Presidents S. M! Molen, Orson The Smith and Elder Matthias Covvley. way. They were ninety-six- . days traveling from the Missouri river, arriving in Salt grave vas dedicated by Bisliop William Hyde of the 5th ward of Logan, and thus Lake valley, October 11, 1S59. "For a month Sister Abigail and her was laid to rest the remains of one of tbe cousin, made their home at Abraham R. noblest of wonen, honest, chaste, benevoWright's, who had'eharge of the company lent, industrious and faithful to. the trust childcrossing the plains. Subsequently they reposed in her throughout life, from hood to the grave.' She fell asleep in the "were taken to 'the .'home of Elder Hyde in She will; Lehi,. who had' baptized ihetn. hope of a glorious resurrection. receive a crown of eternal lives in the On January 1, S60, Abigail and her cousin were both married tc William resurrection of the just. Hyde ' : and went M F. C. Lehi. Subsequently tliey went with Brother Hyde to Cache Valley and were among the first settlers of U a man has lie- trials'.and tribulations he Hyde-Par, the place bearing the name of : is unable to appreciate ; happiness. ' -- e ' ' Co-operativ- - , i . 1 1 1 - r " 1 : VIRGIN CITY, DIXIK. Dear Exponent: Perhaps a few words from our little town will be acceptable to the "Exponent." The In past year has been a very dry one. August we had a very severe storm. which did but little goo and a great deal of harm The health of the people as a rule is pretty good. Our Relief Society is doing a good work taking care of the sick and loo.' ing after the worthy poor and feeling after the aged. On the 29th of 'December,' 1S97 a"d '98' the Relief Society held what is calltd an old people's party.. .A committee being 1 a ppoi u ted for-- h eccaiorra met at one o'clock when tables wereTpread the length of both sides of the hall with a least of the Alter dinner there blessings of the earth. was a progiam rendered satisfactory to all. In the evening .,11 took part in the dance, the aged having the. preference, which made the hearts of the older to feel glad, and those of the younger to feel free and happy. On the morning of January 11, the people awoke finding a happy surprise, the snow being about three inches deep, the first wet storm for the winter, whicli made ' everybody rejoice. Hoping this will meet your approval and wishing you a happy uey year I remain, Your sister Gospel, - - 1 in-th- 1 e Emily A. Stratton. Mrs. F. S. Lee, Representative from Arapahoe. County, 'presided over the deliber- ations of the Colorado House of Repre-- ' sentatives on the afternoon of January il i y -- uriH'ff-4ieF-4ast-inomitsh ' -- ' 1 to-live'- in - k !: - 