EXPQNENT. WOMAN'S 110 'liberally and upbraidetli not. It is gratify, iug beyond .words to know that although separated from the nucleus of Christ's Kingdom the subjects thereof are loyal and faithful, and whose imjetus to right and proper living is that graiidesf. and most glorious of rewards, eternal life. " "' Your sister. - . .' Rhoda.C. Nash. . San Eraneisco, Feb. 27, 1S99. SEMI-MONTHL- MEETING. Y The Ladies' Semi-monthl- meeting was y held in the 14th ward hall January 21,1899, with Counselor E. J. Stevenson presiding. SingingGuide us O.Thou Grealjehovah." Prayer by Counselor Webb. Singing, "0 Minutes read and acwhat is truth." cepted. Sister Annie T. Hyde stated that President Horjie was not able to be present Sister Priscilla J. Kiter had been . but that chosen to be superintendent of the "nurses, who had been trained for Relief Society, work by l3r. Roberts, that President Home had sent a letter suggesting that a committee be appoiuted to solicit for bedding etc.; also. to visit the drug stores and see what discount they woiild givecn drugsor anything that might be needed in their line. Said, "Sister Kiter will engage the nurse, and she will go out under her direction and Sister Riter report to her when through. will visit the sick at least once." Sister Hyde advised the nurses to make themselves competent and desirable help. Sister Riter addressed the meeting a few moments. Said she felt it a great responsibility that had been placed upon her, and also wished to have the support of the nurses as she expected to give them hers. Advised them to be united and forgiving. Told them she did not want them to be overburdened, but come and talk over with her any dissatisfaction that might exist while in her employ. Dr. Roberts 'hoped the strong bond of love would exist between Sister Riter and the nurses that existed between herself and these students. Hoped all would start out on a two years' mission, and do anything that was necessary for the comfort of the sick, rise above annoyances and criticisms. "It is understood the sick can have preferences and express them in regard to the nurse, but no nurse is expected .to go out without leing under the direction of Sister .say , Riter." . A sewing meeting was appointed for February 3, in the Relief Society hall in the 14th ward. Counselor Stevenson praised' the Lord that the sick could thus be provided with nurses. She feluhat the hand of the Lord was in this work. Desired all to pray for the recovery of President Home. Meeting adjourned, for' two weeks. Benediction by Sister Clara C. Cannon. Minutes of meeting held the 14th ward hall, February 11, 1899 Counselor E J. Stevenson presiding. Singing, "0, Jesus the Giver." Prayer, by Sister Iv. Paul. Singing, "O. awake my slumbering miustrelr Minutes, read and approved. ' Counselor .Stevenson said she was sorry President Home was not able to come tq. day . Spoke of having visited the Relief Society conference of Pocatello., Though they did not have the advantages we have they seemed as if they were, advancing faster than we were In some, things. . They Semi-monthl- y . , -- . were surrounded by some IN who were not of our faith; had the privilege of converting some; Advised mothers to take the Juvenile and good literature, and exhorted them lo'be bumble and God fearing. Sister Barnes give" some good, motherly advice. Sister Julia C. Howe said we met to be strengthened by the spirit of God, we were surrounded by. many lempiauon, the young peoplv, and it is necesespecially sary to put safe guards around them. She often wondered .what, she would do without the Relief Society, thought it so necessary that our young people should attend their meetings, and also to interest the youug ladies in the Relief Society. Sprke of the great responsibilities of mothers in rearing their children. Sister Liddle realized that her greatest trial had proved to be her greatest. blessing.. Exhorted all to be patient and acknowledge He is the hand of the Lord in all things. angry with none except those who will not , acknowledge his hand in all things. Sister Rawlings bore a faithful testimony. Congregation sang All is well. Sister L. D. Alder advised mothers to pray and have prayers with their children. Prayer is the corner stone, nothing, wilj make us happier than visiting our parried children' homes and seeing them meet around the family altar night and morning. Said we must be careful and not do anything that brings trial upon the missionaries as anything' and everything that is done in Utah is exaggerated and misrepresented in the paiers and carried to different parts of the earth. Sister Elizabeth Brown testified to the power of prayer, made other good remarks. Sister Paul said words could not express the gratitude of her heart for theGospel,she was happy in h.T religiou. Asked the sisters, to pray lor their enemies and. they would not have power to do any harm. The congregation sang ' Awake ye defenders of Zion." Other sisters bore testimony and Sister Jane James said she prayed for1 her enemies, for she knew they . must suffer. Sister Butterworth crossed the plains and helped to drive cattle, but was happy through it all, as she knew she was coming to Zion. Sister Pond said she wanted to bear a testimony of tithing. When her husband was on a mission she paid her tithing and the Lord had greatly blessed her. Spoke of the inspiration? of a Relief - . Society president in Logan in regard to Temple work. Counselor Elizabeth Stevenson spoke of the experiences of the' Saint's, how it was necessary we should have these experiences. Told the Saints they must not grieve too much over- sorrows, it was not pleasing to the Lord. Said these meetings were organized, for retrenchment and let us retrench in everything. :When we have sickness let us not call for" doctors, but ask the Lord' to help us.' Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Singing, DoxolOgy. Benediction Annie T. Hyde. . :. J. S. Woolley, Sec. The death of Sister Elizabeth Timpson which occurred December 31, rg t moves from our midst a faithful laborer of Always cheerful- - aiul "lov. righteousness.ing she early won the love of both old and" young, and her departure from this life js a loss keenly felt by all who knew her. She was born in Oundle, Northampton - England, March 15, 183S. Shevasthe wife of Win. B. Timpson, who preceded her in death thirty-fiv- e years. She had become a member of the Church previous to the death of her husband, and in 1868 with a family of five small children came to She has resided in Salt Lake City Utah. ever since .and for many years was a member of the Sixteenth ward. AlwVys ready arid anxious to do rood she was amongihe first to become associated with the Relief Society of the ward, and became a teacher of the society and held' that position until her death," never falterHer lo.ss will be. ing in the good cause. deeply felt by her colaborers, for although of late years she has been very weak phy. sically, yet her presence was always It is needless to speak of her c goodness, for everywhere her works testify of it, and she will never be forgotten by ' her friends. For many years she held a prominent position in the Sunday School, also in the Primary Association, being president of that association at the time of her death. She loved the children and they in turn loved her and greatly miss her at their meetings. Notwithstanding her many duties she never neglected her home and her children. . Sister Timpson leaves four sons and one married and daughter, al of whom have families of their own. Last spring Sister Timpson suffered Yrora an attack of pneumonia which left her in a very Weak state, but without serious results' until one week before her death. At this time some very astonishing incidents occurred which are related by one of her sons as follows: "For some little time," said he, "mother had been staying at the house of my aunt, her sister, in the Seventh ward. . On Friday last mother told her sister that she was going home, as she thought she had visited long enough. My aunt tried to persuade her to remain, because she was fond of her company, but mother came home, and on Monday told her sister not to think her action strange: 'I wanted to come home and die in my own bed,' explained mother. 'On Wednesday last we were called to the bedside and mother bade us all good bye, wishing us a happy new yean At 12 o'clock noon, she passed through the throes of deatli and the. spirit had flown. All the members 0 the family Were present,, as were a number of friends, and they will bear out my' statement. Mother had been dead for over fifteen minutes and we were about to arrange for the proper care of the remains when mother opened her eyes and -said, 40, what a good sleep I have had ! I wish I could tell you all I have seen, but I can't. I. will say, though, that ' I have suffered the pain of death and my spirit I saw has been separated from my body. a great many things, but am forbidden to tell you of them. Your lather has not come for me yet, so I will remain with you -- in-spiri- . . " are-no- w , . The next annual meeting of the General . - TIMPSON. - . -- i KUZAimTH 4 - Society Daughters of the Revolution will be held at Philadelphia during the week commencing April 24. The General Society DauediterV hf th Revolution recently donated $100 to the w asnington Memorial Association of Wash-ton, -- :; V D. c. v MI-MOKIA- j i . 