1- WOMAN'S EXPONENT.- - 1- Save Your Money! The Bon Marche dijfers from our dry Whereas, Equal suffrage 'has been in for. five years, during goo. Is houses in that they have no cash gils operation in Colorado which time women have exercised the or boys. .'12 very separate departnientr-ha- s itsown de.sk and cashier and every time privilege as generally as' men, with the rea lady makes a purchase the clerk waiting on sult .that better candidates have been selec- A with Zion's -- her her accompanies her to the she receives and her parcel is wrapped change, if she .be so fortunate as to have any coming tc her. The crush in 1900 will doubtless be greater than ever and the goods distributed about with a recklessness never seen before,, therefore when we all go over to the Exposition let us do as Shakespeare. so delightfully advises, "put money in our purses,"-fowe shall Ixi tempted as we never were before, not only to purchase the wherewithal to enhance our natural attractiveness, but in other departments such as pictures, china, carpets and drapery-tabllinen and drawn work and a thousand and one other things too numerous to mention. If I am lucky enough to nut money into my purse I'll meet you all there and pilot you to the very choicest spots in the, whole building. desk-vher- e f . bric-a-bra- . c, . S. L. MARGARET CIIANLER AND ANNA BOUUNG. - brink in Utah. ,1 Bunk TnJ ' lurt . j. -- . ) j - - Uti-pa- " - reso-lutions.- be T -o RE. THOMAS -- experiment." SALT LAKE CITY. U. W. P. C. The U. W. P. C. uiet in the "Exponent" office in the Templeton, January 31, 1899, President Ella W. Hyde in the - The Western movement against the era. . ploymeut of married women as school teachers should also embrace the principle that no bachelor teachers can be enTployed. If you refuse to employ married women you discourage marriage. But refuse at the same time to employ unmarried men and ypu encourage marriagesEx , Upon the 30th of January there-w- as passed in the Colorado assembly by a vote of 45 to 3, and the following day. in the Senate by a vote of 30 to 1, the following . resolution; Saving Company, the oldest and than-HMm.h- - COLORADO GOES ON RECORD. ilJtn. en " Since the el?tablibhinent of the luYu ted far office, methods of election have-bewe have opened more im$j'v. ' purified;' the character of legislation account!. rnjr; and proved, civic intelligence increased The, laws of Utah irmit juurri.-iwomanhood developed to greater usefulness women und nUo children who tin,- ndnors be it to open savings' accounts in ihc'.v. o,va by political responsibility, therefore name, subject to t heir own order. Ifave Resolved. By the House of RepresentaIf not. opto you such an account?tives, the Senate concurring, that in view NOW. one enfranchisement of woof these results, FOUR Villi CIIXT L. men in every' state and territory in the TEH EST oil any amount tvvm om; dollar to thousands, and compute uid American Union is recommended as a a of interest four times a war. measure tending to the advancement .WHITE for any information desired. x higher and better social, order. of these 'LOKENZO Sxow, Pn;t. That an authenticated copy , of the ( VNirp (iKOIKJK forwarded by the governor , and state state to the legislature of every Main Street. Xos. to be the and that requested press territory, call public attention to these resolutions. This resolution ought toJiave some influence upon the people and papers who have persistently tried to keep in circulation reports derogatory to the "Colorado Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. Ex. Margaret Livingston Chanler and Annie Bouling, heroic women who served with- chair. Opening prayer was offered by Dr. out pay as nurses in Porto Rico dining the R. Sliipp. Roll "call responded to by late war, have been recommended for that E. .sentiments from George Crabbe. rare honor, the thanks' of Congress. They Under new busiuess the subject of the landed in Ponce July 31, and the same day library came up for consideration. legan nursing American and Spanish sick. traveling On motion of Mrs. E B. Wells the club Miss. Chanler, from her own purse, hired a house and established a hospital for voted to pay the annual dollar for the President Hyde stated that any American officers, and as the number of library. sick grew, hired another and another until book given by club members would be she had three hospitals in ojeratioii at her gladly received by the library committee, own expense. In September she turned Mrs. Moore chairman. An interesting and charming paper on these hospitals over to, the government trained nurses, having first provided for theBon Marche was given by Mrs.Eawler, giving- a life like account of that great their rental and .running expenses. The two brave women then went to institution in the gay city of Paris. Anecdotes by some of the ladies and some disCoamo, nursing the sick there, and later to cussion followed. An original poem, San Juaa, and as soon as San Juan .was under the American flag started a hospital Night Winds, by Mrs. L. D. Alder, was there. General Miles says their conduct next read. Ii was intensely suitable 'for the wild and boisterous nigh tT A very was most commendable and prais worth'. "Such noble and generous acts performed meritorious paper on the Khartoum and" under circumstances of great embarrassment Sir Horatio Herbert Kitchener,, the famous and danger of contracting fatal disease. prev- Sidar of the Egyptian army, was read alent at that time," he says, "our govern- with pleasing effect by Mrs. Lizzie. S. Wil. ment should recognize, and I recommend cox Mrs. Zina I). II. Young, president of the that appropriate thanks be presented these National Woman's. Relief Society, and an two women, and in the case of Miss Chanhonorary member of. the club, celebrates ler on account of her contributing so largeher 7Sth birthday today. This is also the ly and generously from her ow.i private fund Without the least hope of ever being 76th birthday of Mrs. Jane S. Richards, vice president of the N. W. R. S.TTvho ir remunerated, I further recommend that the now in Los visiting The club Angelos. matter be brought to the attention of Conextends best wishes to these two veterans for such action as it may deem advisgress 111 the cause of women, and 'wishes them able." fair overTITe's uncertain sea. sailing The suggestion is endorsed" by Secretary After some discussion an adjournment Alger, who recommended suitable action was taken for one mcnth. Dismissed by by Congress; It is probable the two woMrs. Doolan. men will be given medals and the thanks L. D. Alder, Sec, pro tern. of Congress. . nil whpn vim crvt. . : The Leading Retail Casli Hoiise, R. K. THOMAS American Silk. Commenting on the conditions governing the trade, the Silk Association of America through its secretary, has this to say: "Rising prices in the. raw-silmarkets of the world have produced a.depided rise in the prices of raw silk in this market during the last thirty days. This naturally necessitates a rise in all silk products, and some of the branches of the trade have formaly agreed in an advance of prices. In this country at present there are .27,000 power looms ibr broad silk weaving, and 6,000 for ribbon weaving. During the year there have been a number of additional plants established in this country by foreign firms and naturally there has been some extension . of facilities While addiby our older manufacturers. tional facilities of manufacture is a gratifying omen, it also carries with it an apprehension of facilities unduly increased. It - k overpro-- . sluggish mar- isjiardly necessary, to say. that duction is about as bad as a ket; in fact it conduces to it. The raw-silsupply on tvhich our manufacturers depend is indicated in' the following figures. k' IMPORTS IN UNITED STATES OF RAW SILK.. 1894 . . I895. . I896.. 1897.. 1898., Bales. 54,924 $24,728,163. 30,595,991- 66,989 I4,4U.73-.72,4939.754 30,636,009. ' 6 .69,392 26,058.312., Reading matter and "comforts" are being sent to American soldiers stationed in Cuba, Porto Rico and Manila btbe General Society Daughters of the Revolution." 