WOMAN'S I moTIIKU'S PRAYER. A winds h, March b,w, blow tron I T w here now there lay To dUtant land?, wounded coMier, sick and brow, and give hi oh ! live j.trenutf to ra,I' a,,(1 to f , ' ! jj-n- ' March winds blow and softly sigh, . him that lit: must not die, Arj'tl , j . . oh' u'li hinVifhcMI . only try, let him rally. that waits Tell him of the love his dear homejjate. To greet hint at him a son- -, March winding to so ttrontf, nd tell him of a love A lo'.e which waiting yearning longs ! wind, oh ! take for me a prayer ! bear To One above, oh bear, please there a Jiistor.ee for me message Unto the Kwg, 1 Oh! tell lftm all my life give, Hut March - land of womeihdiowever wise, But to found a grald society, " With exalted views of charity", And with this injunction: "Go feed the poor,". Clothe the naked, bind up the sore, the feeble, lead the Llind, Also cultivate t ie female mind, Visit the brethren to good work?," indeed. onward, till she 'should stand, As God originally planned, he placed her a beauteous bride, Happy and free by her husband's side; Saying, "he ye one, together reign Over all the earth, the sea and plain, All things are yours contained therein, From the mountain's crest to the ocean's brim; The fruits, the flowers, the birds that .fly, All things that live beneath the sky.'' " Upward and alas ! there came a mighty fall From her high estate to a pampered doll, Or a slave to man, fair woman fell; Of her durance vile, ah I who shall tell, on, Her helpless struggle through all the years. in the "Ve will.be free, a -- 'Tis fifty seven years today, look And mark well the toilsome back ye track, Where are ye now O, womankind ? A our fears as if by a mighty wind, Or a heaving tide, have been swept away, M IryK- i t i dim mgner ye mount eacn oay, The best of earth is yours to gain, To the topmost heights ye may attain. ' But y e of the blessed sisterhood, r? V kat yields such marvelous power for good ; . t e E. Crane Watson. bong, long, we have waited for thy word, Thanks be to God, our prayers are heard !" 1 17, 1S99. en-trust- But And they answer back', K. M. V -- Thai woman, too, might win her way y vi-- it y And who believed that a magic key Was turned that day, for liberty To have a fuller, broader sway; . previous meeting which were accepted. She also read the. minutes of the first Relief Society organized at Nauvoo and republished in the Exponent," and afterwards a Mutitical and -- financial - report of since its reorganization in September 1S0S, showing a great deal of valuable Wvsk dune by the few active "members. The coi responding secretary then read a letter from Mrs.H BAYells, the official notices regarding Anniversary ,Day and an extract News of the Utah ladies' from the to Washington, I). C. Sisters Sophia Luce, Mary Ensign and Flounce Benjamin sang as a trid,-"- 0, my " and A instructive Iv.ther. carefully -.very )iepared piper by Sister Hannah E. Long Home and wa read,. entitled "Ilow-ththe Mother Influence our Lives." litrht At thr conclusion of the moeram tT refreshments were served by the hostess, ' The assisted by Sister Hannah E. Long. house was tastefully decorated in pink and whih. Uu blinds were drawn to shut out the dismal, stormy day. numbers of lamps were lighted, shading from red to white.. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the hostess for the pleasant afternoon and singing "The time is far spent." Prayer by Sister Ellen Roseuvall. Janiv Yv. M. SkolfiKLD, Cor. Sec. IL-sere- I .wonder if there are any who care to read of the unpretentious ward of Parowan, or rather the Relief Society of this ward ? At all events, we fecT that.Ave should be rendering an account of ourselves,, consequently we will write of our celebration on the 1.7th of March. At 2 p. 111. we held a program meeting, tha time being occupied by a number of the elderly sisters speaking-- on the object of the Relief Society, the good accomplished by the society, etc., etc., some-verappropriwith sister ate recitations by the younger some well chosen songs and sentiments, making those present feel like saying, "It is good to be here. " In the evening the organization gave a ball, the members of the society contributthis also ing a dainty lunch and chocolate; financial-ly, was a decided success socially and for besides all expenses we raised the ten cent fund 'for the General Board which is $15.20, having a membership of one hunded and fifty two members'. Manv of .our members are young mothers whose first duty is to guard and guide the has precious jewels an indulgent Parent to them, hence our average attendance is not large, yet there is a certain chain its togethmagical link that seems to 111 er so that whenever we aim for anything it. righteousness we are sure to gainwith every May. the love of God abide with such organization the world over, wishes that our dear little organ, the "Exto spread the glad ponent," maybe enabledlabors. tidings of Relief Society nor pray, western sky a light, Scattering the murky clouds of night; And a prophet's voice is heard to crv Rejoice ye fair ones, your time is nigh, Break from your shackles.from bondage J our-socict- Dear. Editor: A ! 1 . Twas a novel thin.:. in that distant day, But lo -- MARCH 17TH CELEBRATION THE MAGIC KEY. And provoke Was strange .t ; triite Mtriimr Villi T 'jH. ' The recording secretary, Sister way," Mary W. Ensign. lead the minutes of the -- 4 v . NlN'A ECKAKT. When ftinalcs could neither preach, Wirt lifted voicejb organize, " j liny loved one live. ' : f for lis return. An'l !ioa'.d he hear the death knell sound, tebound. Oh sin;' and make his heart ' Ihrnrcr. The meeting opened with sing-- I ing "How great the wisdom and the love." Prayer by Sister Skolfidd; Singing, ' ahall-ye-bnouK- ; rhatodinay If He will let my : 'r rill.x? t K.v.... 1.....! Ordained and sealed by a prophet's hand, To be a part of that unity, :VY hi dr. heralds. larsJixicn In you I see a glorious ray, Which liall luminate the latter-day- . . Already ye teach, txhort and bles, And lead in ways of righteousness; Yea, speak in tongues and prophecy, Uy a mighty gift from Him on high; - And greater than this Ye must advance a the years doth run; No earthly power can bid ye stay,-Iye w ill but walk in Wisdoms way; Your husbands, too, will turn with pride, To the faithful counselor at hi.s side A polished jewel whose virtues rare, Will add to his honor anywhere;. Who forgetttth not with womanly ke:r, That .'he shineth most as a mother ol men Who w ill laud .her fame thn ugh eternity, As she moves in that Grand Equ dity. Vf U'lm u P" K'3 EXPONENT ed 4 (f , NOTES AND NEWS. Progressive Chinese women have started a Weekly publication called the Feminine. Magazine. The staff consists of women only. Women have more sense about machinery in a minute, says Ellison, than men have in a lifetime, and to confirm his belief he has two hundred women on bis pay roll. The newly elected president of Sorosi.s who has been acting president since the resignation of Mrs. Mary Dame Hall, Mrs. U. T. Denuison, is sister to Mrs. May N. WoKnaggs, president of the Michigan man's Suffrage Association. " Mrs. Fanny Humphreys GalTney, president of the National Council of Women, has been, reelected president of theNewYork The City Society for Political Study. society meets every Tuesday afternoon at 226 West 58th St. . , The Countess Schimmehnan, who has to the given up a royal, palace to preach' to the convicts poor and unfortunate, spoke at Joliot, Illinois, 011 March 12, making an earnest appeal which affected many of the Later she addressed the women to tears- men prisoners. Immediately after the Speaker's gavel dismissed the 55th Congress, some one on DENVER. AT DAY ANNIVERSARY the floor of the House started up "My" branch Country 'Tis of Thee." Immediately others Denver the invitation By special of Jesus joined, the galleries caught up the strain, of the Relief Society of the Church and all the people rose and joined in the home the at met Saints Latter-daChrist of at. national anthem until the walls echoed to Skolfiehi W. Manning of Sister; Jarie Anm- - the sound. At the close General Hendercommemorate to 1205 Evans. St., Syne" which was son started "Aul I then J. M. Mitchell VCTh7 called to order at 2:30 taken up as eagerly; President Eva E Haley, aen led the voices in the Red, White and Blue." 1! after cheers for. Dewey and Wheeler p. J by tincr to roll call. The Then Rosa and the army and navy heroes generally, . the afternoon were' S sters Cone- - House and galleries grew quiet as they of guesib -unwell of : Kocn 01 wanaa, I, . Jones of joiiied in singing the Doxology. Mrs. J. and Mamie Dingee y 4 . 1 " jos, ; 