i it V.f A' - .. ' .Hlv' answered. , TOSGSr lard 'new territory' and take "up new Hard labor and homes u' "rrvu up with' the community become in nr'nv instances not oulj' founders of cities and'towns, but often if capable and reliable are chosen to fdl important position of 'trust and emolument. Speaking of farmers as gentlemen, a came under the notice qf the Visiting writer which illutfates the fact. Jnt r-u- England at a country farmhouse a a.uus taker called one morning to make Anions other inquiries for his report. was the one curtly put, "What is vour occupation ?" "A gentleman farmer' "A gentleman farmer!" 'was the reply. 'said the interlocuter as he surveyed the hum from head to. foot, "can't I give ypu "No sir," was the some other title?" Evidently being satisfied he only answer. vould get 'no further information die left - the nouse. ' ITyZ-eCx- x.linm'1 l .- - ' : phi-Ian-- U-nefit- s , i ' : J " ce in Ne.v gii-- t TTainHvii is heallhfiu and haii)ifvinj It is oue of the nest I;i)rarv,: I heie is, there mu-- l be 'room somewhere j.lhiopie," educational that could for everybody 'to live honestly and respCc-- , cjme to those living. in isolated communitably; better !ar, to launch out into'jiew ties where gKd books aie not obtainable. fields and begin at the foundation than to All the, clubs in the Federation ere expected :. fight ones way in the gre.U cities along the to contribute their quota of money and of crowded thoroughfares, where there are books The work. is "in the hands of a, hundreds of app!icins'with whom to coin- - committee of ladies, of which Mrs. Helen ir.g cir-CUiutan- . A .... R'.-w,v- pete;- 1). ..' - The tendency to ".single blessedness,"' .so miscalled, instead-ofamily life, is on the increase and has readied even to these valleys, it is injurious t manhood a:ul uo- manhood and contrary U the laws of nature and of God. "Multiply and replenish the. is the firt commandment given to earth" in Hie Holy Sciipltm-s- aud has never man been countermanded. The induration, to 1. postpone'" marriage until late in life or alto- gether is a growing evil, and should be dep- recatul certainly among latter-daSaints, That girls are extravagant 'and require liberal settlements beforehand is scarcely a good excuse.. What girls and yonieii Jong fur most and look forward o is love. And honorable marriage with true love is what the girls have a right to expect, md that makes up for lack of this world's goods, "Love in a cottage" is where contentment abides much more securely and far more r euerally than in a palace, the. ioned p.. et "Cotton" writes, ; though he did more actual work on his own farm than half a dozen hired men, for in of the laboring men' have these days-somall flocked to the cities and large towns. A e'. jngmuu ui striking contrast 10 me half a century ago. It is a well known fact that the greatest men America has produced have been raised upon a farm. and accustomed to the be a hard work of the farmer's sou. land owner was the pride and ambition of the early settlers of our country.. Homes of their own for the common people was the sentiment Brigbam Young tried to inculcate and practically to demon st rate in these mountain vales during the period of the early settlement here. Who does not know that the home is the centre from which springs the best. in life and in from hotels and board government. Not m trarisieiU occupancy ing housesyliof-froof- "houses for rent whether they are spacious mansions 'or neat cottages or ?c mir tm.v i i.i. i n.n. x ut-- i, uumc luiseraoie novels, awn is the ideal one, the children enshrine it in their "memory; " the old home, " and "childhood's home," are subjects for the poets. If every young man in the community would strive for a home of h:s own, how much it would do towards a better and more permanent standing: in the welfare of the state., ' The writer '.can" never forget with what laudable pride she spoke upon the subject during her first visit to Washington twenty years ago. And how the ladies ot the Convention listened to women owning their own homes and paving their own taxes. himself The president of the United-State- s listened carefully to the statement, and his gentle and amiable wife, how interested she felt in this simple fact. But, alas, how different now v , " j . i . y j , ... nf r vi ffis'a" virtue. Not so. miseriiness, but true economy which" few people in this age seem to practice, 1 - e the-goo- d j ! old-fa.d- i Hannah J. Bailey of Winthrop Centre. Maine, is en route to Califon ia and will pay' Salt Lake a visit on her return trip Mrs. Hailey is the treasurer of in March. the National Council of Women of the United States, and (of course) one of the General Board of that great society to which the National W. R. S. and the Y.L. N. M. I. A. are connected. Mrs. Zina IX II. Young and Mrs. Klmina S. Taylor both Mrs i- Though fouls spurn Hynivns penile powers, We, who improve h golden hours, sw.et puricr.ee know. That man iiue, rightly understood, Gives to the tendrr and the'ood, A paradise below. . By ' j EDITORIAL NOTES. ' j i . . . : We have been shown today the drawing for a very artistic map of the the" pioneer route of the Mormon people journey iug from the city of Nauvoo to the valley of the Great Basin. The "work is to be litho-It graphed and placed upon the market. for Will be suitable for eVery jiome and public buildings. A pocket edition is also to be prepared and issued. The agents of the "Exponent".' all the several wards and Stakes of Zion, aivd also individual subscribers indebted for the settle nil paper are urgently requested to old accounts at the earliest date possible. -- Xliis becomes an absolute necessity on act takes place m me count of the change-tha- t management of the Ueseret livening News. The "Kxponent" will not be sent to any subscriber after January 1S99, unless presoon as pospaid; 'AH delinquents will as sible receive written notices of bills due, in addition to the printed matter. One of the notable features of the past rPar tSoS- and one in which women are of the areatly interested is the document Czar. of Russia toward a proposeu treaty did for universal peace, and coming as it n from the most autocrauc,oi world-widmwement seem indicative of a for the arbitrition of all serious dimculUes lenucui) among nations, and a general of hostihties settlement amicable wards the may be a ceasation of and finally the result Cr.r whrh crnod r tJ. r: time wariare auogeujci, all who desire- - the true welfare ot '. should be "grateful.-7 c t W Chv lnve com- - j j ; j " l j i - ; . - nl-i1- i ! k. It is being the best ideas of club women. ably conducted and promises, if one can judge from the few numbers that have been issued, to fill a void in the South, where few women- have as yet entered -- into the 'spirit of clnb work that is permeating .the whole country. We are grateful to Wo-j man's Work 'or mentioning the'"Exponent" and in connection with it the silk industry in Utah. May Woman's Work become a power ior gooa in ine iauu, arm ure women for of all sections join hands and of all, casting aside the geographi-- j cal lines of distinction, until by custom they shall become obliterated in mind. co-operat- ! ' . . ' j . 'To chairman.' Fitz-patric- . ! Afterwards Mr. II. explained that every was of the opinion rk-ror wage-earne- r that men who tilled the ground or were einrared in agricultural pursuits could not be classed Tasgentlcmen; and it gave me Mr. H. new thoughts upon the subject. had been a Prof, of mathematics, a civil engineer, had ".ven been a member of the Legislature of hrs state, but preferred in his later years to retire to his country farm Nevertheland discard all other pursuits. ess he still intended to be considered a gentleman by such young men as the one referred to. and a gentleman he was indeed is Woman's Work, is a Southern monthly magazine, pub'ished in; Montgomery, Ala-- . huna, business' manager, Evelyn The journal aims to dissemiuate f I I M(ore ! j ! j I x- -v- ; getting started a . Utah Free ' IC--F, - ! j j Soci- - the several Stakes of Zion and of ety missions or branches of the Relief Society where Stakes are not organized, are hereby rerequested to send statistical and financial ports for the entire year of 1898, to, the general secretary, room 208 Templeton building, Salt take City, Utah. K. B. Wells, General Secretary. in-al- l . , STATE SOCIETY I). AND R. . .. ' i - . A State Society of Utah of the' Daughters of.the Re0iution was organized, on Wed- nesday, November 16, 1898, in the office of Exponent," room ..Womans j 20S, The in this city building, Templeton . , ViK g . cc. r n. names 01 Dtaie omcers erectcu wjcic of lisbed in our Columes in the issue " ember i, 1898. On Fridav December 16. the famous fl meetin warheld at tv.,, Mrs; MaraY" Dougall, ; .. 1 . ; j ; - r n VVlGl A IvOT - The Stake secretaries of the Relief - - -- - ! . e ! being vice presidents of tlie council by virtue of their positions as presidents of these National associations. Mrs Bailey is a wo- man 0f ,rcal executive ability, and will Iltj a !oving welcome in our city from the , pfdies who have such pleasant reiuembran-ces Gf iier genial manner and kindly face. rSf pa;cy manages a large manufactur-- j ;.jnf; business in Maine of which her husband was t,r0nrietor previous to his decease a fcv: years arr0; she is also superintendent of the World's W. C. T..U. and associated in other organizations of public interest, We' trust her brief stay among us wtli be a pleasant leaf m her wayside notes of her journey from the coast. . - . pu-comin- - ' r Dec-humani- ty . Bos-hedu- bs n'fnav ; 