WOMAWS; KXPONKNT v-t- know and satisfied if - we can ::!s he faithful, we shall .meet" those wV thtr vr.it." ."'"' yho nave gone i Sbter Zina Y. Card spoke tristl usiastically. iK-inti- 1, tne-,.- ti v ) Canada, - l',,rpident Kmma;J. 15ciun.lt. Idaho, referred ' , in- Stings. ! ' I t' er. - Wednesday evening, November 15, and quite a great number ot the Saints. P kstow w.' have thl true Co j,el, ami I I ha e... jei'eivcd this knowledge au wish every .one could it as plainly I . The choir of young, girls then sang- an ' anthem, "Leaf by Leaf." Mary Av RaUenberry, of San lfianeisc" reported the society, there and referred to the excellent benevolent work of the. sifters in tli.it great city; ah;o spoke of the visit uf Presidents Woodruff, Cannon and Smith ar.d of President Richards aud.-hiuii'r, and of the good counsel they had given the society, and the promises wh.ich had been made to them if they continued in the work'. Sister Caroline Bowman reported SeviVr ' ' - i -ee r ! (ill "M . . much pleased with the 'dear little I read evervthintr the lCxru.Ni:NT. P d m il, and- then wish there were moie to uva I ... - U ad. ' """May- - (hhI bleas our work and always be with us. ;nd His spirit prompt us to 'do light, .is my prayer at alPtimes. wish I I Ptah with the people of the Latter-da- ) S.unts.Ti r I hve to he with any of the '.. Stake. : :d !u-i,- s ' f to-elh- II: Bingham Stake, especially to the irit and gi&s manifest in the sisters' etins. do nut feel that I make inesIVVnf'lnTt T t to do the bes I can. an k rtu'Ritljer in heaven to help la! V (karly nic in my mis. uieetvnjoy '.i.e:i llu ;unts aie Ve had six at our Relief S. cictv nuet- ! lived in Saints President Cornelia Mortensen, San Puis a very extended report of the t Stake, gave work done in that locality, praised, the sis ters there for their noble efforts under .v . many difficulties in pioneering a new Referred with. great satisfaction to the union among the sisters, and that they refrained from speaking ill of one another. Counselor Annie T.- Hyde spoke f the gjoiJ work accomplished in this Stake Ziou, and especi ally the good work done by the nurses trained under the auspices of the Relief .Society by Dr. Margaret C. Roberts, The society had good supplies of the .com- forts necessary in attendance up-the sick, J and t!ie faces of these nurses in the sick room was like the angels ministering to those in pain.Sister Hyde, alluded to her conversations with Professors in tie Hawhile abroad in the spring, and their astonishment concerning what she had told them of our Relief Society charitable work. President Zina I). II. Young addressed the sisters a few minutes. She said: "We shall overcome by the word of testimony and the power ot the anointing." She then spoke in the gift of" tongues, interpretation given by Sister Caul. The Young Ladies' choir sang beautifully "Who ore these arrayed in white." Conference adjourned till April, 1900. Prayer by President Lucy S. Cardou. E. B. Wklls, Secretary. We enjoy the visits of the IClders very much. "n much love to yon, I remain, 'Your sister in the (lospel, . a settle-meat.- r 1 Adpik.S. Stunk,-- 1 it " -- .' . - .! PA DIES' ! '.; SEMl-MpNTHL- The .regular Pres. Omaha R. S. MEETING. Y Meeting coi:-.-tnediu the r.jth ward hall, October 14, P. Uj'), President M.I. Home presiding. Meeting' opened by,tinging 4,G.d moves iu..a rn sterio.us way, ' Prayer by Annie ' T'. Ihde Singing, "A rise,, O; glorious Ziou. Minutes read and'acceptcd!' President Horne' said these - meetings gave lier man thoughts for Tellettion. We me:a cr it rjiouhl U stif) of the go(;duess of God, for iv. bur Savior has said "Those who will testily of me before mem, I will testify of them before my leather." Alluded' to the sorrow 1'our children meet with who marry. outside our faith. We should lovingly teach our :! j; children to avoid making such attachments. We should supply theni witli proper liter-- : ;.i v attrre, and teach them the necessity of lit. having family prayers. J Sister Diana Read spoke of the blessings sire had received through the faith that had Ih S. REPORTS. been exercised for her by her sisters during NORTH LONI'O n j;i:Li.;r her sickness. society Presiilent Pond, from pocatello, spoke of We .sisters of this branch,. end greetings-tour .sixers in Zion,. and would dike you the privilege of working 'in the Temple. Ivxliorted the sisters to be kind to. one to know how we are pr gressing in tin's another and love one another. port;on of vh;eyard. The congregation sang "Now let us re- U'e regret that our first report should be in the day of salvation." tinged with sorrow, as we have 'to announce joice Sister M.A. Hardy said she had belonged the death of our president,' Sister Ann to this Church for fifty years. Her family Biecicet, who passed away September 24, deserted her and she left them for the Cos- sake. Spoke of the benefit Relief. in Jersey "pel's Our sister joined work had been to her. when a voung woman, and'died in the'full Societ" A s'ster iir the congregation spoke of the failli of the Gospel; and-it- ' nll be seme time blessings she had received from her Heaven-l- y before we- cease "To miss, lier pleasant, smilleather every day. . "' t-ing face. ... Sister; Mar'y Morris related a circumstance The ociety was reorganized July 12, of a sister who had been completely restored ' 1899, by yourself aPf President liiudley, . to health the administration the (as 3'Du know)- with 'fourteen members. The Elders. through ..'. v "'.,..number of meetings held, four; visits paid, bore Another sister and Sister testimony,' thirty-five;- , 2 ys- Ot; money received, said is the Lord besto Mary P. Silver os id; bala nee on hand ; disbursed, us continually. upon : 2.. Vj Sister. Stevens said the Lord will never N. E. Bradford, 1st Courts. .0 us. N forsake Eliza A. Bishop, Sec, (Signed) Sister Julia S. Woolley spoke of the necessity' of .keeping the Word, of Wisdom SOCIETY. OMAHA and becoming worthy mothers qf children. Semi-Monthl- y -' : . ; ! m j j j j -t -- . . -- . : 1 . : ' ' ; ; ; i 1 ! ; . i ; o ' , OBITUARY. , t UiN KI.-"!- ! ( h the death ( iF - i K of Cornelia I. -- i I our-Father'- ( Pratt . - Pris. ; k has pleased the 'Great Creator in take from till; mortal sphere our beloved and president of this. ho Forest. Dale;: Relief Nri(.-tySister .Cornelia Pratt Driggs.-.aaVv ijiaa.As, in her death we' have lost a uuthiuf and a true Latter-da- y Saint, one who va; yer ready, to respond, where her duty 'called her, ki:if, charitable, and bearing alf the instincts ot lr:y 'voiiuinhood; and we fully realise that hi our from her ne Jiave sustained an irrepar-- aincdss, therefore he it .Ri oi.vko. That we place, a copy of these upon the minutes of this society, and that ,'H'e lender our heartfelt sympathy to the husband anil, family of .the deceased". .. " ' AoTStS' R CM EL. See. , rc-V't- ed reso-h:Uw- ns . , : (Ot . RESOLUTIONS OF v thdeatir of; Sister Julia .;. K.-t- '.'C-r- . Fathtr-has--.secn-?H- - ; ' - -- - . : , - f - . - s wing-blessing- ' 1 1 1 1 " . 4. ' ? . - . sister Jidia A. Tanner was born in hio, Nov. "24, 1S39, and died in ITeSver City, :. ; i5i 'ay yy &Hvt OttrrHea verily from our midst a kind 'friend, sister and Julia A. Tanner, be it RioLVKii, That we strive, as a. band of workers ' . ;the-Church- : A. 'Tanner. AVih-nhr- " '" ' 1'. s . - Win rk.vs, . , ! ; . -1o , Ri-bira- vi fli ti'c! "i. i4 ft- - T - C'. i ii-- n iei you know about thi Relief 'Society here. ; We have a line time when we meet, and ' of Brother George Goddard in regaid to the Word of Wisdom; which had. been fulfilled,; . ? 