'WOMAN SACKAMKNTO .KXffONENT. 1:V 11KANCH. he discourse waspu the early, history of any donation that was called for. Uh how he Church ai:d the' ditorAVomans Ivxponent; Vr,st!e's personal we shall mUi her in our society i Knowledge of the Prophet Joseph Smith, has elapsed since, you have Some time Saiiah G. Mi;jks, Pres. he Mated that in .the of the beginning Relief Society of Sacramen- ,Uimclrhe was the heard from the . MAllV A. GAUpNIiU, Asst: Sec. and youngest apostle t been of mindful vve have u-and had you lived to be the oldest, to Theencourage-.men- t the Relief Society throughout Utah, esped- to Saintsjmd niussages .of dove from For the. i ii i .ail.eJiLJUik.. xboii en t7 r a . ja e n t irQiJ .e pray rv-- - the scriptures to sinners, could fall onlv 1 sister iina I). 1, Young and her couuselorsv Irom lips used to communicate with the A.SKKTCH OF THn jARF i)tTK S Nothing has occurred of enough 'interest i'ord. His lace 'fairly radiated the he light to communicate, and our work is slow, yet had received, and 1 k it it to .sit and In the days of.Shiblou, because Kom we have kept on cheerfully and earnestly, listen, and wa remiuded'of the 2nd Fphes-sins- , of the people, many trusting in the promise that "where two or pr..ph,tsap (th verse, "Hath called us together pea red and foretold the woes that wonhl three are met together in my name, there to sit together in heavenly places in Christ mark the extinction of the race. Civil i " ' " i f 1 A . their midst, and that to Mess. Experience has taught us that we always am I Jesus, v "At ,vp. m. the Relief Society' met with the Klders at the request of Sister Richards at the home of Sister FLiza Smith. We than we ask for. Since the organization of our society we have but lew members; true our branch and receive-mor- b-- eu wars and 'robber bauds did their famine and part; pestilence followed. the was Finally slain and his son Seth taken into king Seth was the next rightlul- heircaptivity. to the bur he throne, was kept iu captiutv ihe" rest ot his life. .Aliah, the son of Seth, was the 'next monarch. Ik was a wicked king, but his reign was brief. His son Flham succeeded him. In J; t ham's days many. prophets came Tln'-vagain to raise their wainiu-- voices prophesied of tlie destiuctioti .that would surely come .upon the wicked if they did not turn from their iniquity, but they heeded not the words of the heaven inspired messengers, and thev withurew from among them.:-- . When Ktham died his sou Moron succeeded the throne. Moron, like his father Ktham. was a most wicked king. During his reign the robber hands which at that time flourished among the people, kd a rebellion amongst the people and wrested from him his kingdom, but after many years he succeeded iu defeating them and regaine d posH-sshof his kingdom. He was again defeated and carried into captivity. Coriantor was the son of Moron, and was ' held iu captivity all his life. This was a period of sin and war. He was the father - had a, glorious meeting, the Holy Spirit society have increased, but the.people here was present with us. . President Nve, have removed to Utah or Idaho as soon as Apostle Richards and Sister Richards gave circumstances permitted, therefore theie us mu?il valuable and needed instruction, ' would not until lately be over, six sisters and we shall endeavor tp reach the standard a and to at the meeting, rai.sed for us that day and profit by the owing present distance of residence and the circumstances things learned, never, forirettiiu" tin r of the sisters, we thought best to. disconfaces from Ziou. At conference President tinue our Tuesday meeting, and hold but IJowmausaid words of praise for our Re- That one has been welLat-tended, Uef Society, savimr we: were ,oue a month. not behind run the sisters bearing strong testimon branch in the stat6. . ies to the truth of the work and of the ' 1 resident from a trip to returned Nye A few weeks ago 'we Carson goodness of God. and was with ' us on Friday 17. ueciutu 10 resume our weeKiy meetings, There being three-- vacancies in the Relief the members having increased and each one Society a meeting was .called and the fob a zeal lor work having whereby they nngnt lowing oiheers confirmed: Sister Jane on the work and obtain roll, Lord's help Kumel, counselor; Sister Sarah Morgan, assistant secretary; Sister Annie Carson, at tiie Home oi bister ranny thaekham, teacher. President Nve in his inimitable the fourth, a testimony- meeting, at the style instructed the mothers as to how thevJ home cf one of the aged or sick sisters .who should bring up and watch over the health is not privileged. to be with us from time to of their children and bring them up in the time, that they may be strengthened and of God, and prophecied we would built up by the testimonies, or comfort we kingdom grow rapidly and be a tower of streneth in may be able to give them. California. After prayer Sister Rumel inhast year two piilts made by the sisters vited Brothers Nye and Bowman to lunch netted the neat sum of eight dollars. which they accepted atd partook of just in meats and fancy work are now being time for the former to take the train for his of the.Prophet Fther, Ether was !he last manufactured to b? disposed of later on in home in San Francisco. great j)rophet of the faredites. to whom a manner not are decided irdebted for yet upon. of that race, That the Heavenly Father will bless us On SaUirdayJ ith inst,, the Klders. went once mighty nation. abundantly and make us a power in wisdom,. mat In the days of Coriantumr. the last of tin among thebaiuts imparting tidings they the helping on knowledge and strength for ' knew would bring to every heart, of illie great work, made glorious through Jaredite kings, the Prophet Fther rnis ,l joy Apostle a'nd Sister Richards and President "truth and revelation, is his warning- voice, but all his words were my wish. Nye would be "with us next day. Can you icjccieu oy mat iast decaying nation. They Fanny Hknsi.ky Tiiackitam. oear ones over there who have these cast him out Irom their midst, and he sot-nprivilhis days in u mountain cave. eges so common among you, realize; what While he it is to us to behold was thus face a he of the wrote the history of his GONK TO REST. hiding prophet or apostle of times ? and To have These were troublous who us the Lord people. times indeed for' the war which commenced tei living in the world, groping amid its i;MILY BIIJ.INGS STRLNGAM. in. the first year of Fiber's concealment darkness, we know not where, then called from our It becomes our painful duty to announce lasted until the nation was destroyed, men by the clear, danger sweet tones of the servants of God as they the death of one of our nobie sisters of the and women fighting with the same intense teach us the truths of the Gospel as it has Thurber Relief Society, Wayne Stake of hate, en Iu the second year of the war Kther restored in the last days, bringing us Zion. Kmily Billiujrs Strimiam, wdfe of . horn v.-.. btnnsrani. who passed awav again appeared amxmg the people and. danger into safety, from error into Cporo-" -r if they repented not they should all truth, from death into life, from extreme February 16, 1S99,. irom the ehects of la be slain except Coriantumr. They were jiarkness into the marvelous light of His grippe and typhoid .fever, "aged forty four him and sought to take his life, indeed the capacity of "our hearts years, three monins auu nve uays. xuq angry with, seems much too small to hold such a bless: leaves a sorrowing mother', husband and so he again retired to his place of concealment. lng, and our tears of six children to mourn her loss. flow freely. joy Our esteemed fn the third year Shared, a leader of the We have, known and loved her iiiany guests were present at been of have an revolutionists, defeated Coriantumr, and Sunday School. President Nye made a years, her life and labors lew remarks a true and She'was hejd him a prisoner. In the fourth year ' .... to the school. President Rich-- , exemplary character. ards followed, more particularly sincere friend at all times and in all places. the sons of 'Coriantumr released their father speaking - ue oiuer from her and placed him again on the throne. Vippn n noble examole War iir UJV. ho ones, encouraging them m ilVl At last the vast armies of Coriantumr nday School work. Sister Richards ad- childhood until her spirit took its flight to rest in peace and Shared met in the valley of Gelgal and dressed the children, about ten minutes, higher realms. May herpirit She has gone iougnt iqr three days, .the km was victor vr ,some of her early experiences and xnitil the resurrection morn. 0' ey did in the schools iu Utah. She to meet those who have gone before.. She ious. Une J)3ttle: followed another, ear friends who after year, millions Tell before the 'last'tr-r- . ;?a each little heart and proved herself the endeared herself to a tohost of She has been rible struggle ended, when Coriantumr Wrens' friend. were greatly attached her: , ' ' stood alone, the sjieepresentatfri!df ApOStle Rirharrlc TOoc.flio ctval-- r n't "hoth" a member of the Thu rber Relief Society first organization and a teach-- , race, thejast and final; battle being fought ?rninS and evening service, great interest ever since its the first to pay near the hill Raman, (Ctimorah, N; Y. ; waniicsted, by the many listener; er in the same, que among - . ' dr-n- j J . - 7 ' " u-,- " ' . the'-histor- . - . t . - e de-Glar- -- ed . - : ' , - A . r'-j.;: ' ' 