WOMAN'S exercises stated ftf opening, of the Relief Society, briefly the explaining the -- object and derived be extended to PTiefits to. benevolent 'social and way. others in a Belle K. and M. Taylor Copeniuir, Sisters also spoke encouragingly of the of Utah, proposition, and related their experience as nembeis of similar associations out west. few well chosen .remarks all the In-ladies present signified" tlfeTrlvillingness- to take hold and do their best to make the society a success.. Officers for the society were nominated and elected as follows: Mrs. Lucy Rrecken-rideselection of first and president; second vice, presidents postponed until next meeting; Mrs. Margaret Budge, secretary; The (ri Mnrv T. Brvant. " .UU' ' treasurer. assembly then selected four ladies as the visiting committee, Mrs. B. K. Oden, Mrs. C. Shiller, Mrs. Alice Gooing and Miss Georgie Oden, after which the society ad- ioarned to meet at the same place, Thurs- Benediction was pro day 2th, at 2 p. m. nounced by Mrs. Belle Copening. The names enrolled were Lucy Brecken ridjre, Margaret Budge, Mary J. Bryant, B. K. Oden, Joanna Miller, Alice Gooing, Georgie Oden, Annara Baker, Ida Brecken ridge, Mary Dixon, Mary K. Taylor, Belle ' Copening, Sister Cooper, Sister Lawhead. EXPONENT. program. The house was decorated tor the occasion, especially nicely the sta hrh a presented cosy appearance, for the commit- f tee had provided ccsv rhnir fnr lables were interspersed here and there which-werstruwn.jwith views, and bouquets of flowers. The walls Were neatly decorated jyitlLUi'e-nation- al colors,--red, white and green, also mistletoe and pictures; giving a homedike appearance to e art-book- s -- - 9th of May;. it behrg the anniversary of the organization of our Relief Society, it seems like three annuals so near together is too I thought I would just make this many. suggestion and perhaps those who have the authority to, make the change, would think ' it wise to do so in the future. Wishing the'xrxmenr um simci in me nnst, Rebkcca O. Allen. the scene. . Some mouths ago Sister Phcebe Fife, who had been president of the society for.a number .of years, decided to make her future home in Arizona, therefore she gave iu her resignation. This" was thought a suitable Occasion to tJm . . r . 1 isnop, J. L. Bentley, being present was effected with Mary B. 'gyring president, and Annie II. Clayson as urbt ana Jauc rofF as second counselors r. uieuiaieiy alter the reorganization, Slttnr gyring, who is Stake president of the Relief Society, made a very fitting speech on Relief Society work. Then fob lowed refreshments which were served by a bevy of the younger sisters. The picnic, of roast consisting chicken, sandwiches, pickles, pie, cake, tarts and lemonade, was a great success', and was served to about one hundred and fifty individuals. The Margaret Budge, Sec. order in which the picnic was served was one of the main features of the evening's REAPER'S CLUB NOTES. entertainment, and great credit" is due the committee for the able manner in which The Reaper's Club met in the Woman's the whole affair was conducted. The recent visit of- Dr. Karl G. Maeser Exponent office, Templeton, on the 20th of and Elder L. John Nuttall to our dear little March, 1S99. An interesting paper was read by Mrs. home in Sunny South, has been aLsource At a Mary L. Moms, on the History of Cortez. of joy to the Saints who reside here. She gave a description of th conquest of special meeting of the Relief Society Broth Mexico by the Spaniaids under this leader, er L. John Nuttall instructed the sisters in mentioned the cruel way in which Monte- - regard to the real objects of the Relief 01 vjo-spe- - . e. LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- MEETING:' Y - . m - 1 Semi-monthl- meeting held .Feb, 25, y in the 14th ward hall with Counselor Elizabeth J. Stevenson presiding. Singing; "Who are these arrayed, in white ?" Pray-e- r by Sister Margaret Steele. Singing, "O, happy souls !" Sister Stevenson said we had met together to have a feast. Sister' Ziua had said "a testimony meeting was like a picnic-- one brought one thing, and another something else." Spoke of the necessity of watching our children, said there was great, danger of apostacy at the present time. Teach children whenever we meet them, we should talk to the boys as well as the girls. The Prophet Joseph Smith said the mothers could influence their children even before they were bom. Thought parents should call upon their children to pray in turn. Referred to the faith of Timothy, who had received it through the teaching of his mother and grandmother. We should set an example worthy of emulation before ourchildren. Sister Mary L. Morris spoke of the efficacy of prayer in the rearing of her children,- also related an incident showing mothers how to teach truthfulness and honesty among their children. Sister Webb said she hoped we had all left our cares at home to come here, and en- the relief of the poor, but for the salvation Lould see that of souls; for the putting down of iniquity, joy tne spine ox me t,ord. children not the little needed the care only correcting the morals and manners and and of mothers, but our married teaching strengthening the virtues. This should be children also needed our counsel and prayer. a select . society, separate from all the evils of the world, choice, virtuous and holy. Said she had always "taught her boys as The vounr ladies should be encouraged to well as girls to be virtuous. We must be take part.in this society, that they may not charitable to the young people, lead them, be taken awav into outside associations and they cannot be; coerced. Sister Mary A. Hardy spoke of the bless. be led by other influences than that the Brother Nuttall kindly ing the Relief Society had been to her. Gospel gives. we should he united, and how urged the sisters to study the church Said that careful we should be about finding fault works and frive lectures from them with the servants of God. meetings. Sister Martha Morris sang "The trials of Sarah A. Clayson, Stake Sec. the present day." Sister Jeffs said she had never had cause A WORD OF ADVICE. to regret the part she had taken in the Re lief Society, it had proven a benefit to her. and-haMarch of the 17th celebrated We She knew Joseph Smith was a prophet of were two rendered, pieces God. a good program ' our, and from the presiread Sister Mary" E. Bassett said she alwavs' "Exponent dent, Sister Lucy Wilson,. spote in iavor 01 feit fe(j alKi strengthened when she came to the "Exponent" and advised the sisters to meetings. L. 'Sister. Saunders said she had always Liljenquist Sister sustain that paper. -:so Vhalf of the .Exponent." praised the Lord that she was worthy tb .be a iaiier-oathinking that aainr. ine uospei was our annual sweeter to her all the time. could be changed so as to have instead March A sister in the congregation bore a hum- - ' meeting come on the 17th of of the first Saturday in February, I believe ble testimony of God's goodness. Sister Tones said she came to eet a spirit- - ?' that all the sisters in the north would ap the first Saturday ual feast, that 'she hadleft her caresT at: preciate that change,ras in February is always so com, anu n seems nome, ana that she had received what she'- 'ui iuc gill ' auumci it Is1 a Very Dau lime iui iww. to March J utmcaui, aptc 0f healing in her behalf,' and other ,gifts and " changed meetina. If it could. be . j our: au...u of o tv m- and it was maae piesmgs sne naa: receivea tnrougn laith. think I officers, our Sister L. D. Alder spoke of the instrud-nual day for voting in mc tions of SisterSarahM. Kimball to the women we would have a much oeuer i thecelebrate to pay their tithing, related an incident in celebration, as we in Hyrum rpnro-iiniP- . 1S9Q, . -- - i I .1 A 1 . -- . - - of history. Mrs. Lucy B. Young related some inci- dents of her trip to the East, and spoke of a pleasant visit which she and others had made to the Kiitland Temple. She said other items . ..that after permission had been given the brethren and 'sister m nor two hvmns. The first selection was "The Spirit'of God like afire is burnino-Shalso alluded to other meetings she- - had attended, she en- joyed these visits very much. Current events were given by other members nf thp Rparvr ; Pinh Adjourned for two weeks and dismissed with prayer by Mrs. E. J. Stevenson. I. A. Druce, Cor. Sec. -- e ITEMS FROM MEXICO. COLON I Ay, JUAREZ. In compliance General Board, with the wish of the . the Relief Societv of Colon- Juarez, gave apany on the evening, of aiarch 17, in com Which the Relief Sociefv was organized the year 1S42. fJ : At seven , o'clock feting house', bell in the evening the rang out its cheerful ; and people came from far and near. All married people of the to yn were invited. in a short time the chouse was WeU fined. The orchestra set up a lively fune and all who wished to do so engaged U the dance, while others. spent the time in ial chat. From time to time during the evening, songs, recitations and 'speeches Were rendered,, making a very pleasing ding-dong- in-thei- Thefen by-la- - r ws y . " wer I . . - , " 