WOMAN'S KXPOXKXT. - he eye, but your threatening voice warns' it w is s .ve- -t ami silent; it impressed m I hao - near me. -- us that that - holy beings-were beneatn concealed dcrathjs "your" s'vKr I sa v them seated. ' by side. liver, thinking of blighted joys; of dayi billows of the long bright day "h?ii;ht od ending I When home we found that, when I looked upon the world as full plied. ho still her busv the .vessel of whose d inger we had fears,-i- claims; of the change that ca,me over my :ir4,vh' let her hyppy dreams have ay, O:, and- how my sun of' and life is fair !" ;' had. been driven on the rocks: many-metir the day has lrightest..prospects, "H" it .thank' .ChkI, --Vc i the 'maiden. Then I "Hut, M were engaged in getting her 'off. The Uees hope went'tlowii in early life. he bright and glorious how iip:ir tW bniis b.irl Ki n trlftx A nf their 'i he' mother." :i her daughters hair in verdure and the ground was 'covered with morning star of the Gosped had arisen ' lier lumd a moment "and life tti'U :" I had It was the brig Ann, Captain mv horjou;.wiih what enthusiasmI girl, smiling, let her rosy dreams foliage. Tl.'"'' years to come unchecked tlo'von,' Harrington from Tahiti.. '. lie brought a obeved its mandates; what danger had oil .'i;lad h the Iroldeii sunlk'ht streams and what deliverance I had quantity of goods4, a little, damaged, of V'" tin- blue cloudless skies ga?e don upon. found. A holy calm came oVermr. I looked for trade, 1 obtained in me inn which, uuman looKeu lowaius exchange Th here lay the dead at rest, of towards the window; , tlie light was extinone hundred and twenty-fou- r v t.ld church yauls liv "died her shining needles jro i;w still we are place here with guished. I hurried to the house, itfearing cloth. A" Although is best." old "Y.V the the for death young; LI: to meet a reproof, which I did, but could French forbidden the and no salary-by the cottage, gate, sauntered by I did not plead Jor to demand any thing of the peo.-- not disluib mv peace. alone sat mother government the l.i. An with God while - bitter fate the Lord provides for us; all our an apology that I had. been alone yet Ikari ' life's sorrows still, pie, was to her last long rest had gne Th1missionaries and nature; that my saddened heart for. The wants aie provided VvsN"i:.N Surtii.KY I had passed can go to the fields and shoot. wild fowl and comforted.. was removed. In ducks about, and the tarrow patches are horns and a great burden secret I thanked the Lord. free.. poor Kldtrs can sustain themFOR EVER. . :nd of August, arrived the Tiday, teach the people, not for hire, and selves I thought our parting was for ever, schooner At::ii from Tahiti. We were all 'I: I ancient reward with a the for AposOmnld have) WCt't. to see her safely landed in rejoiced' without greatly the who heather the and hill Gospel low tles, preached i. a when 'twixt the There had been harbor once' more. the or The dead day crept scrip. purse which had caused u We have three little girls in our family seveie gales of wind, If thought that no more should we linger," A native by the name ot Just you and I. anxiety. It the gieat them Knglish language. teaching us "one disturbing finger, and family, CJine on the vessel. Hamutua, their discover to an is task; agreeable really Heyond the sky their children, seeu in numto brought They between and their rolled us, mind learn, of has now sea that sad aptness powers qeat ber," and piesented them to us, saying And then so still, our tor us lauor. com pensates fully "Here are your children, we commit them as the dav when from the salt foam Venus Ca!r first taken from are children these When as you think Rose of Jove's w ill wild. Very to your care, do with them are extremely their over -they homes, rather thinking children. Nay, If I vl thoughtproper." They are very, good Of days long gone, soon,' however', they become domesticated. Oh what a work there is to be done 'look back, remembering, though we sever, I ca It is amusing' to see them try to imitate the heie'' Who will do it? If the children Our hearts are one children. . They have must melodious white C. H. C. Wm.ui, were cultivated they would be gentle an u aca be to seem which redeeming voices, children. Those just The grown people are amiable like our own complishment. beautiful The old chief mmmiticd to our care are have it insingers. nearly all fond of reading. their A WOMAN MISSIONARY.Thev seem delighted to his in heard is sleepoften us on waits who to entertain their teachers, and in the power late hour Mrs. Addison" Pratt on the Society Islands a till night ing apartment upon show no backwardness when called Their-hym:0.1 books have Could Bible. his they n reading do. Continued. 1 on which to to sing, as our children often own in their language, printed books are opened on the instant, and much how. they leisure, their great On the 25th day MrPratt and myself devote Few indeed they each one knows his pait. be a barimproved... the might to opposite; village brought went on horseback J. Layton About the5ih, and their Bibles hymn books, tad a delightful ride".. 'Twas charmed with have except treasures they are to the poor, rel of flour from Tahiti. This was indeed a lived a long time wholly on the scenery as we rode 011 the banks: the and precious having of the so luxury, little souls who .know tall ito trees overshadowing us, some of the honest the native food. Still wedidnotcrave.it fi r, the benefit of the Occasionally world. we were entirely 'blanches extending more than fifty feet, in to make bread, from that discourse a have we children, missionarv It was low The bread fruit, tarrow and weaned. forming a complete shade. all we such times, At 'language. water and the beach was covered with a our own sweet potatoes more than suppneu us Fia, natives The comforted. and edified feel was a great article. AnyWe reached the village variety of shells. not a word do they but for pie crust it but listen attentively, fifteen made of flour the children regard the about 4 o'clock p. m.; distance, thing ' s miles. The native friends gave us a understand. a native and sister satin as ours relish candy. brother do I not xucmsU7, set food before us and the 29th, the whole family went to On Bible. reception, the from instructed be ' to remember ever having enjoyed a meal camein 'Malm (the other village) add left me alone I thus was employed, While their teacher, to keep. I was delighted Avith end ;tnoie. of, far the to retired and outside for That night there was a severe gale ot stole a with the prospect of enjoying quietude B. been lonely; I had feeling the garden. The first morning Brother a few days. wind;' on the sea; the waves roared like ears on .fallen my had of reproof F Grouard called and took breakfast with thunder. We were alarmed for the safety wofd ' I hurried sadness. my residence the me We talked of his lengthy of ship which we knew was lying in where uuprceived secluded a spot, the Islands; of his desire to return evening to seek harbor at Mataura. We spent-thamong meditation. and in prayer I could indulge of the Church. The idea of going in telling interesting stories about America. the body trees. ti underneath led large "to Salt Lake and meeting his old friends reThe people were greatly amused with my The footpath "all their in out I The stars were peering a foretaste of heaven. description of, the camps crossing thetoplains; splendent brightness; the blue sky shone m seems to him them, and pray he may not be disappointed; of the herds of buffalos, and all, and hope was moon gone, a beauty; the tied as he is with a native wife and but .wonderful things. They praised me for tranquil seemed mucli the twilight shades of children, the way seems dark and family for the but still was being able in their tongue to say-s-o all who. the wind was low; He feeis that domestic happiness intelligibly. The name of the brotherwhich loud roar of the old ocean's waves they uncertain. not yet' fallen to his lot, and he sighs has so entertained' us was "Ruitora," the oh, air, murmured in the distance; How hard it is for us to for it in secret. means in English "three nights." ;He;s a V mild and balmy redeem ourselves from a misstep in youth wise man; very desirous of gaining Ugnt he spot grass-tthe in green 1 sat down of it must follow us even to old ; effect The and knowledge. the into starry I gazed was seemed sacred. As wesow, thus we must reap. The It home.. started age world we 26 bright Monday from the Gospel, I trust, the water heavens and. thought flowing hlpssimrs' of some the in I places and dwells high tide, thought, 1 write, A view 01 where our Savior redeem this brother of whom will was very deep an the beach. mountains the of in the. valley land of Zion, Far off, near the reel, dear sisters to commune with them. I lelt and he may yet rejoice in the to his nature. the sea was grand ! color ot and k.ged had sor-- . with a companion congenial in H im who like me, l tti.e waters werelf a clear, bright most who, those bad him hope, andtrust The renec-- . to love blue and green intermingled. sh bnrt to obiects assimu-- , theTsun upon it gave it a earnestly for a, subI orayed it. to lated diato perform. . as though ten thousand Presently a calm came over missive be cor.tinued.1 spirit. To AD there. wutfprltior., of days; foretaste happier , giiii.v."..& acinus 7 t o me it seemed the beauty displays itselt i f MOTHER AND DAUGHTER. -- - -- v. ! ' J s we-reache- Or.-.- : ' . , U-en- . - n ' v en-euuntue- d, - A ! f , , ; white-haire- d ! self-approvin- g So-th- but-lookin- -- g T Tl.-- i 1 :. 1 U-twce- ( Ar.-.- . .. -- - . -- . ; -- . " the-hous- e , . ' wbich-heightene- d e ; ; passin-gjovely- ! ; -- - of-th- , tionf spanglea-aupearance- c e " i;.c -- 1 mdre3-inainixsierio- uwa . - bought I, your . 