WOMAN'S twenty persons donate 25 cents .t ..;L.l1'0pe to djaw the prize, and tnly wuue nineteen wno nave each ouC y.::is ntrii nied as much as the successful one, ain i; filing but disappointment, which is almost certain to arouse feelings of jealousy Mettimr taHlc;' - KXrOKKN'i 141 Mn'tl! implied ! . "nisi examine aim pinny oueives; let !w as Vsoclc,' slore K .th limtr r.., ui huius is wneu we extent.' P less shall or need it. and r coming to a greater Jv-'10 .see .tile dear faces the dor snokeu uf-- when. he who w 11 oi 1111 Sliei.S WHO J'Hil rnn?. trt in- - .t liy not "donate 25 ucents each to -t ijkej dp rue swbfd against his neighbor treasurTnas-weiras-Tf tin the I U:st needs lice to Zion for safety, 'Sis- And then only one succeed? chano-s-auk of c ms scr lf'r n did not want to. lie f" by":it"Uial consent donating the article to rcual His holy wilt to His condemned .for not keening -r or articjcsjn question to, some charitable I . "V:, ..... people, and., the societv had fh nit,wi the cause of prevent reason jealousy to be thankful, and appreciate the nurpu Cthy fnore love and stronger faith in the Gospel." the same amount will go and .dimension uesiowed upon them in these unking Prest. Jane S. Richards sjxke a to the treasury and 110 unworthy example vales of the mountains. alluded to the nursing class, what and no sacrifice of principle will stain their Roll calkd and minutes read- and acgood they would accomplish, approved record. cepted, after which .the secretary also read of the work they were doincr. was triad "Should members of the Relief Society the "In Memoriam" officiate President to see so many present, . while she was . 0 to the Bishops for counsel?" o.amu .u. Kimoaii, as recorded in the speaking of Sister Riter coming forward The Relief Society is designed to be a Society Record. had thought of ber Hither, hoped other organization: to relieve the Prest. Bathsheba V. Smith bade all young women would be induced to take Bishops as well as to relieve the poor, to welcome, prayed ahat we might have a part in the beueyolunt and charitable work, deal with its members, correct abuses, etc. good time and our voices be so to them if they strong that it would De a blessing ' If difficulties arise between members of all in was to hear, glad would, she felt to have charity for all a branch which they cannot settle between" large a. congregation; the society was who stood in need of assistance, no matter the members themselves, aided bv "the. for the sick, the needy and unfortunate, w ho they were, they were all our Father's touchers, instead of troubling ' the Tiishop, if we lived up to the requirements of children, the Savior said do good to those the matter should be referred to their presi the organization 'we would accomplish who dcspitefuliy use ou; we must have, If the branch a great and good work. dent and her- counselors. greater love, love to do for all who are board cannot decide satisfactorily, an ap Prest. Young then asked all sisters in the needy, sorrowing or unfortunate; it gave peals to the Stake board is next in order; audience over to stand. her great joy to be of some service in forty years of if that fails to settle the question, the next and it was a great majority of all assembled; the great work. step brings it before the" General Board, she then asked all over 'eighty to stand and Con fejence adjourned till 2 p m. with st is to 1h tlinn five oFtr n tvw singing uoxoiogy ana benediction oy Dr. hood but, if possible, we should Jose h the Pruphet and thUey of knovtt R. B. Pratt. tb c bi,l.ops instead of adding to their mul- Afternoon session: Meeting opened by ke edge Ulrned for womcn siilct zim titudinous labors. lovingly of the late "Sister .Kimball, one singing "0, say what is truth." Prayer "Is it necessary for sisters to be set apart of the honored members of the est. R. Rachel Pi Grant. Singing "How society, who by to ofiiciate in the sacred ordinances of wash had passed away since our last conference, firm a foundation ye Saints of the Lord." ing, anointing and laying on 6f hands in wished her to be remembered; The first Stake called was Albeita, Cau-they had to the sick?" administering been girls together in the days of Kirtland, ada, reported by Sister Thomas, who spoke Is certainly is not. all aud sisters Any some ot those associated with them in of their good president, Sister Mary L. who honor their holy endowments, not the Churchjiad lost the J'iith, even some of Woolf, and of Sister Ziiia Y. Card as have feel should a the but it only right, the "Twelve," she was proud of the faith a pillar of faith among the Saints there, called whenever to administer duty, upon ful sisters, and added, "The Lord will and referred to the sick being healed when to our sisters in these ordinances, which not withhold His blessings from the faith the sisters anointed and prayed God has graciously committed to His ful, if we ask in faith,, there are many they were also doing what they could to w to as as ell aud we his daughters sons; mothers in Israel before me. today, and assist in erecting a building in this city for that received when administered and testify may God help us all to be faithful. Amen." the General Society, bore a good testimony in.faith and humility they are accompanied Prest. M. A. P. Hyde in a few brief to the truth of the Gospel. with almighty power. .Prest.Young exhibited a piece of natural remarks reported Sanpete Stake, and al Inasmuch as God our Father has revealed luded to the faithfulness of the sisters colored silk made in St. George, and urged there, these sacred ordinances and commited them afterwards spoke in the gift of tongues putting out mulberry trees and raising silk and to. His Saints, it is not only our privilege was interpreted by Dr. K. S. Barney. worms, that we may liave silk to wear and which but our imperative duty to e to dispose of, she had always tried to apply them for Dr. Margaret Cf Roberts next gave a the relief of human suhenne:. the silk industry and knew it would We think class which she had nurses of the report we may safely say thousands can testify a source of wealth if the people been teaching under the auspices of the prove that God has sanctioned the administration of it and be diligent and and would take hold Lake Salt of " Relief Stake, Society of these ordinances by our sisters with the which had been a success and so help persevere. Prest. Ann C. WoodburyAst. George manifestation of influence. ful among the sick aW suffering since they "What age is most suitable for young had Stake, related much in detail of the silk in their training and com graduated lady officers?" industry in that locality, they had three menced practise. looms put up to wfeave silk that were doing The young should fill all official posiof Mrs." Priscilla Riter, J. superintendent tions in the Young Ladies' branch (ward) well, and wanted to purchase a ribbon a written ad loom, read then nurses' the class, Associations. No matter how unequal they could make 50 per cent more on of of the the work much dress giving ribbons, they expected now to do scouring they feel to the situation, if they possess .which quite inter and in room sick detail, sufficient energy of character and the true coloring and not have to send it Hast in the systematic .work. to be audience the ested done; this industry will give employ- spirit of the Gospel, trust in God, they will be sure to succeed. Prest. M. Isabella Horne thought there ment to uie young people mat tney may was a larger number of sisters in attendance. earn their own living. We are told to ornaE. R. Snow Smith. rnent ourselves with the workmanship ,l than at any previous conference, in speak-- ! Salt Lake City, September 12, 1884. in of our associating together and trying of our own hands; we use the Japanese to help each other she quoted tne old saymg reels. The bounty 011; cocoons has been than a great blessing to old and young. In GENLRAL CONFERENCE RELIEF "The rebuke of a friend is better rr t the Stake the an "We oi the kiss speaker Said, enemy." lnougnt reporting SOCIETY. and think down' 18 branches and settle have 614 members we should not 'The General Cnnterenre of the Relief, all was well with us, Bishop Hunter had enrolled, we travel 400 miles" to visit and Society was held in the Salt Lake Assembly said he could see; a lethargy was coming have no railroad, we go. 100 miles to Wsit ttall in this city on Saturday, April 8, over the people, we must uoi iaii aweep, we three settlements; the railroad is fn pro'899. commenrtnp- at in am.' President must renew our faith and .vake up to gress of building now; jthe Lore! is opening Prest. Wiltord our way, Sister McDonald is making artifi ZinaB. H r Pri'dpnt the present conditions. Jane S. Richards and Bathsheba W. Smith Woodruff had said "The sword wsun- - cial flowers,' very beautiful, and we have a wefe;also present. sheathed, aud the word had gone forth," good shoe factory and other lhdustes.', ie-nsin- d he . ' oronhet. 11. President Youm : - 7,7 M;tt; 11 I . -- T f? !tkut . - vtf 4 r 1 , i- r()V.-nu,- ' - u .4 few-word- s, . ! . . self-governin- g the-housecoul- d .see-s- o . ae fwm-wJHe- h the-only-res- tlie-Prie- ort -- ct-1- e a-l.ey- . for-the- , . pro-mol- . His-healin- g . - 1 - . . . - - n;, .. 7 ; v 0 