WOMAN'S T..r wr-- . w'f it is ouite "Twe a'fter.jiaU'a lOXtury to .be.CS im- - atiii 1 - AL'NT DILLIWAY'S LOVE STORY. was an only daughter, .puelopc Dilliway herself and her belong-ine- s and very proud of had been taught all sorts of accomplish,., such as were, considered .woman's ' in those days, or legitimate employment for "fine ladies." Wiaps we should say and such as embroidery, singing, dancing Miss playing the harp, especially dancing. DfthVay's father was determined she should marrv well, and his idea of marriage was wealth and title, one or both. His daughtin love with er, however, fell desperately lieutenant, a man of brilliant a young and a general, parts, a. fine tenor singer, 4 I I Ik-thoug- - " W - aw . - with the young lieutenant. But her brother more quickly than herself detected the e and above all your great desire to be an expert horsewoman, all of which is per yiryapparent to a close observer ceptibly how the matter stands. Father speaks of it with great satisfaction at the dinner table after you are gone, and Plympton chuckles with delight at the success attending his suit. It is downright coquetry think of it as you will, sister, 1 believe you are innocent, I believe you love Harry truly, but Plympton's wiles and artifices are luring you on to your own destruction." When thus reproved. Penelope would weep, (she had tears for occasion then) and declared she .woulcf never try to please Ply m pton again , let him pursuade as he might, she would give up riding much as she enjoyed it, and remain away from balls and pleasure parties, where she would be likely to meet one who sought her against fumery, -g- ained4)y-giYingj5Myoaninsane in-tervie- pur-suad- ed r be her will. Meantime Harry Severn was away with his regiment, but rumors readied him of Penelope riding in the park with Plympton, and other like rambles together, of their dancing together more often than even Goaded lovers were wont in those days. beyond endurance by his fellow officers he obtained leave of absence and harried to London, at the time of.Xmas festivities 'ArrHng he looked up young Dilliway, his true friendn who unconscious of the presence of Plymp-toat the hall- - took Harry Severn home with him, thinking it would be an easy . bi-th- fascination; and felt in duty bound to remonstrate with her saying, "You cannot possibly be aware of your own inconstancy, your desire to please Plympton in the mat- ter of dress, of flowers and perthe-choic- hoshe t .$ society. Miss Dilliway resorted to all sorts of subterfuges to deceive her irate father; and her younger brother, (the maternal grandfather of Miss Pamela) was her .accomplice in many well laid plots of the lovers. The home the. young into the fothpr introduced -ot a auiceaom, and fascinating-heir-at-lMr. Charles Plympton,- who really had great influence with Miss Penelope, by his sophistry and polish, and at first Miss Dilliway fancied sha was yielding to blind her father to the true state of her love affairs mutici. iu wuic uu4uuuuuau. aim Mupnse , roor rcneiope uieu m vam io muni uit LbUiathex- - who her young tfiOUtfijrJ$ 'was too much the fetttatraro uwu uuux iu uv; iuuccvcu iu uu unwelcome auu Unfortunately he had "reckoned who naa ueen ucaci novv souk-jim- in guest. without his host." Penelope was hi the trusted servants will she took great lilxir-tie- s in talking, not only to Miss iVnelope-bugayest of spirits; regardless of her protesta. to Miss. Penelope's lovers, whenever tipns to her brother, she had dressed herself with the greatest care in the colors she had makinir each in an "onnortunitv. ... i i Plympton preferred, and even wore his turn oeneve ne was uie pn i;c i.ivuiu'favorite flowers, sent .from his own hot Finally the dinner gong rung and Penelhouse, and everything in and about the' ope pale and trembling dressed demurely in mansion bespoke a woman's desire to please Quaker gray satin, emerged from her room and went almost stealthily to the great,-oakethe guest of the occasion. dining hafl. Her brother had come The fnMletoe ui.p in tl eostle Im'', forward and to disguise the awkward Tne bo ly branch shone" on the old o .k ua'l library scene from his father, said. "My the cab and from Young Dilliway sprang sister, I have a surprise for you, lure is'our followed the him into Severn great young Lieut, home on furlough, and Mrt Harry wide hall amid a perfect blaze of light and Plympton and the Duke of Weld more, Lady dazzle of hrilliancy; beyond was the libiary, Kliza and Miss Bessie, his daughters," and and" the brother thinking to give his sister so on through the entire company. Mr, the pleasure of a lover's greeting hurried to Dilliway was in such high spirits that he the library with his young friend while he did not observe the sedate and studied manwent himself to call Penelope. The library ner of his daughter, nor the black looks inopened on the other side from the. drawing terchanged between the three suitors room, and while Hairy stood waiting exonly of the grand dinner and the his see to sweetheart pecting momentarily guests, who had come at his invitagrander the heavy tapestry curtains parted, and tion to partake his hospitality; for rich as beaming with smiles, and radiant as the he was, favored by 'fortune, he had no sun, in steps Penelope followed by Charles claim to titles and it was something of a Plympton. At sight of her lover in mili- condescension on their part, to have his tary cloak and plumes, she paled like death table filled with men and women of rank and would have fainted had she not burst and title. He had no idea a storm was into tears;the soldier never stirred, he stood brewing there and then that would end in like a statue, a few seconds and the brother sorrow and disgrace. came to the rescue, he took his sister and Dowager Lady Gushing sat t the table led her from the library through the long by Miss Dilliway for in those days it was hall up the marble staircase to her own not proper for unmarried ladies to enterroom and there he left her "alone with her tain at dinner, unless they had reached, an conscience." uncertain age; and after much feasting and in that gay He was absent a few seconds but interchange of witty toasting and repe time angry and bitter words had passed artee the ladies retired to the drawing room Two two vouner men. and a quarrel and Penelope breathed more, freely. succeeded seemed inevitable. The brother nr three times Ladv Cushinc rallied her for in pacifying them by reminding them it was lack of her usual witticisms, she was an adymas eve. and that "Peace and good will". mirer of Penelope's beauty and would gladhad always prevailed at such times in all re- ly have secured her as a wife for her youngbe est son, but he was sensible enough not to spectable English homes; that it would venture into the field wiih so many rivals, anvunpardonable offense for two gentlemen be would and what to disturb the host, even at his mother's earnest solicitation." excused for supremacy in a young girls affection. themselves soon after the ladies withdrew, "Besides," he added, "you believe, doubt- and went into the open air where they less in the old saying 'All is fair in love could speak freely. Ned promised Harry if he would be discreet.he would secure an and war.' " befor bim with his sister, whom he While her brother was making peace low stairs, Penelope's sobs and shrieks had was sure loved him best, notwithstanding assistance, appearances to the contrary, and the Lieut. -brought her maid Honore to her and condowent away out of sorts leaving his adieux and with the aid of restoratives In the dining room the for Ned toTnake. lences, she finally calmed her nerves, apparel, and Duke boasted of his diplomacy in rourlship her to change-hen make herself presentable at dinner,for there so openly that he angered Uiaries riymp-towho bandied words with him until Mr. was to-quite a Large party of gentlemen and a few ladies, among mem me oiu uukc. Dilliway was obliged to interfere and sue who was so enamored of Penelope, that he for peace, at least while under his roof at Xmas time. made himself ridiculous in the extreme. hours in anu iuc uuw .a umj;uiuj "Penelope had at least two good uusning Iady father her which to compose herself and took affectionate leave of Miss Dilliway, and brother were too much engaged in pre- when the hour came for going, declaring attention to other the dinner, the music and the entire parations to pay anywas maneuvering to affair a perfect entertainment, and when matters; as for Ned he two disappointed lovCushing kissed her she said, "Poor, keep peace with the Lady reflection. for time ers and so Penelope had dear Penelope, what a pity you can't marry and dnn't know vanity by an in yuui uwua. T'm cnre-vni- j ' Her maid consoled her pride a for no harm was it which to choose between so many. I wish 'saying "she was sure to dress to please mv Dick would enter the contest." pretty young woman were vui-'- 6 visitors, and of course, honey, had Penelope hail Dewuaereu buuimicushare if you don't,Lady Cushing,spare him any perfectly innocent, tho' home would you am bringing on myhumiliation Mr Severn was coming of " " and pale self." have worn moss roses and violets ywas the first out break she had mader It blue silk instead of that ga- figured 31111 with the poppies, and I know" the Lieut, is (Continued, on page 8).) blushes. your favorite by the i 4v,r.nft?tionT:! I have de? ,S to tell the story myself as she told it it. .us as nearly as I can aremember dozen or more half Vou must imagine with 'lo wrecks n u;ris in short dresses and low slip. wearing frilled pantalettes Miss Pamela, eyes rs clustered around while she told the teaming 'with delight Aunt Dilli way. love story of her great .favorite' in EXPONENT. u,i ; jou . . f - ' . - " w 