WOMAN'S EXPONENT MRS. BARRATT'S. PARTY. V iCiuys: uthemums. with twh rofrt A.mc m smilax. J'llder Penre.ve pronounced the i ne emr.er was verv like n n.essing " very pleasant gathering of notable k of this city was given by, Mrs. M. Barralt at her handsome cottage, corner .Y.:ih and West Temple, Wednesday, The guests were President j.mb.r' Snow ami wife, President George i mioifaud. wife, President Joseph . K. S;. ;:tlj and wile, President Brigham Young wile; AjwsVles'KI. Lyman and wife, A , . 1. r-- : . . ::.-,- s ' nrisauas least;, an elegant birtbda was o:.ie or the miny delicacies. , cake ' ; ) j ,;! kKi- - f ro r r?..c .vr. rttw..? 'Hv Young. Original sentiments and IVi Rittv hrvt .Hnstniv ......... t!u ...v. ......, were. given by several of the ladies?! one Ixing original' verses by the first Vice-Regent,' Mrs. Susa Young Gates, of Provo, and the Regent, Mis, Wells, read a descriptive poem ot" the destruction of the tea on the night 01 December 16; 1773. Copies rf. the State Constitution were distribu' ted. ' ........ rcnnnmYiw; .. t. v.. I Many ,gtxAl wihe.s and congratulations were extended to - the dear, mother and . i ho'honor 1 the company assembled, and manv comnb'ments unou her good her personal apjH'arance and the remarkable preservation of her health it;. Ileniy Smith and' wife, Ileber J. and faculties. .She i certainly a 'wunde-- : The Regent presented the guests with a int. v.ife and mother. Anihou- H. Lund hilly well and has a woman, preserved t of red white and blue riblxm, Ma'hias l Cowley; President Angus sweet spirit, which is manifest' to all who with the llag, as a souvenir of the dav. Cannon and wife,- Bishop W. P. Preston meet her from, time'to time, Dainty refreshments were served with chowile and Bishop John R. Winder and Sisttr Bunnell born Co., nrOiiilfpid 15 .W. colate, ;v inus tea, and social, conversation Smith, Mrs. KUWells, , Mrs. x North U Dec. near Carolina, whiled away a pleasant hour, with many Raleigh, ' v M. 0. Wells, nud some others. her maiden name, was Meildenhall. patriotic expressions of integrity- to our 114; i nt five o'clock th j guests Vere seated Her family were Ouakers, and jn the time hee .Mrs. Republic and honor to the :l!es in the elegant dining ro mi to par-of the Kevohitiunarv war, the British Phebe Y. Beatie enlivened the llag. with party of a sumptuous banquet, President in were that troops musical selections locality on very the quartered piano. Mrs. B. At each troublesome. pronounced the bles-m- . One of their Generals took W. the lenedic-tion- . Smith pronounced 4te was a s mvenir bouquet, and the com- Iter of possession great grandfather's, (James ny was in genial humor, judging from Mendenhall) grist mill and farm,' and Such anniversary gatherings keepiu memj lively flow of conversation. turned his company L.eavalry,- horVes and ory the struggles of.' our revolutionaiy During the evening attention was Called men into the fieldsof grain and other crops, ancestors lor the independenex and liberty t he beautiful 'and ' rare collection of " destroying everything the good old Quaker bequeathed to their jsterity. :y fine pictures, most of them brought farmer had on his premises. E. B. W. Mr. Sam Bar-- t m her home in England. Miss Esther Mendenhall moved with her gave us choice musical selections on parents to Indiana about KS30, and there : piano,, and Mrs. E. P. Wells, at the EDITORIAL NOTES. "with Isaac Bunnell, became, of President Joseph F. Smith and whom sheacquainted married when seventeen ears of R. K. Thomas has a fine display of dry ers, gave an account of the reception She has been the mother of six chilage, given at Windsor Castle by Oneen Victoria dren.1 Two died when young and four are goods, artistically arrajiged for Christmas mert the International Council and Congress showing. The genial, still living Romania, the eldest, and Josehimself is always at his post, and has chant in Lou Ion, July 7, on which occasion, thirtphine, the other daughter, with their families, a pleasant word for all who enter to look at een, .women from Utah were present. reside here; Luther and Isaac In other The guests enjoyed the visit with Mrs. states. Besides her four children, Sister his large and substantial supply of winter, and ready made clothing. .; KarraU, who is a most gracious and hosBunnell has thirteen grandchildren and goods pitable hostess, and her son. Mr. Samuel" thirteen great grandchiliiren. (. R vOK h a f.r.e av rtmcr.t of o one nome mae leei nis ai cu.y j.aiian, Brother and Sister Bunnell joined the everything in the way of Christmas goods, courteous attentions and evident desire to Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints and also Santa Clans treesand photography.' nleaz-e"Mrs. Barratt was assisted in re and went' from Indiana to Xauvoo and One can purchase magazines there, tco, for ceiving by her. cousin, Mrs. Joseph Watson. Winter Ouarters,- - but afterwards returned he keeiis a soVt of news stand and has leen The gathering wasTii all respects a 'most to Washington, Ohio, in Warren Co., and established so many years in business alonir enjoyable one, and to those whose minds purchased a farm, and subsequently to the lines mentioned, that he scarcely needs are so closely occupied with the daily Indiana, from which place Sister Bunnell advertising. C. R. Savage's art and picture Tontine of business affairs, such social en-- i with her family emigrated to Utah in 155, gallery is known from the Pacific to the a inent is a welcome pastime. in an independent company of Saints in Atlanticin ail the large cities. E. B. W. Sister charge of John Hindley as captain. UUUK" .llul w uul Bunnell was baptized about 1S41 or '42, by ii. it'ikll lAAl'i until w3 Wl,u" "c" "i Elder AmasaM. Lyman, and having a great ; A PLEASANT BIRTHDAY .GATHERING.towocggins desire to see .the Prophet Joseph Smith: MIvfm 1 tVer On the 16th of this month (December) Img, 10 plc'lse V1"8",, paid a visit to Xauvoorher husband's niece, afaa the little folks, and suitable gifts in great Miss IVJonimia Bu;mell accompanying her Sister Esther M. Bunnell attained the advariety, magnificent dolls and a greaFTari- as a companion on the journey. vanced age of eighty-fivyears. Her' birthof "such articles as "stationers keep are When afterwards she went up to Xauvoo ety day was celebrated, at the rooms of her always obtainable at Margetts. .daughter, Dr. Romania B. Pratt, nr the it was about the time of the exodus, and with the Saints they journeyed to Winter Constitution building, in this city. The elegant new book store of Geo. O. Like Missouri the river. I he hostess rooms presented a gala-daon many Cannon '& Sons,on Main Street, has a Ouarters, appearance, and she gave a fine dinner on others of the baiuts she has seen many fine disnlav for the holidavs.in rare nictures. the occasion of her' m 'titer's anniversary. changes ahfi reverses of fortune; but her books, dolls and gorgeous toys; everything the Gospel has remained firm and to make glad the heart and please the fancy, The tables were arranged in a "T" form faith--iand the venerable mother in Israel occupied steadfast throughout, and in the evening of and suitable gifts and souvenirs for Christ the seat of honor, looking 'as fresli and fair her life she has 110 regrets, for the days mas greetings, gathering1, and festivities; 'as- most women at. fifty. On her. right glide' smoothly by among her loved ones, all kinds of stationery and even thing in who estetm her preseuce a blessing and to that line, This is also a printing and hand, her daughter, the successful woman physician, the first of the women of Utah be near her a precious privilege. publishing house and they keep on hand all Latter-da- y Saint Church works; E. B. W. to graduate in the medical profession, and near by, her other daughter, Mrs, Jose-- ' The George Washington Memorial Asso phine Har'dy. ciation of Utah, held services in memory of BOSTON TEA PARTY. Among those present were Hqu. C. W . the one hundredth anniversiry of the death Penrose, editor of the Deseret Evening The State Society of Utah Daughters of of George Washington, First' President of Nc7k-sMrs.; E. B. Wells," editor of the anni- - the United States and Father of his Country, Wmr a ?c ' JT v inT v. xr Parle v P. . Louis. the. Revolution, celebrated the 126th Tea Party, Saturday, in ;,the Salt Lake .Theatre on Sunday eveMark and Irwin Pratt, sonsof Dr. Pratt, versarv of the Boston The house was this city, at the residence ning, December 17. and their wives and childreifand 'Mrs. ' December 16th, in nf Mrs. W. B. Doucrall., The parlors were crowded. .An interesting address by Mrs, Hardj's daughters, Mr. and Mrs. Frederic decorated with the stars and stripes, carna- - C. E. Allen andn eloquent speech by the Klienschmidt and Mr. and Mrs. Louis atirl the Freeii coptis leaves were pret- - Rev. Clarence Brown and music by the tinn Pratt;. solo in vases here and there about Orpheus and Chamifiade Clubs,-wi-th arranged m. 6 tily at dinner to down p. Fifteensat were by George D. Pyper, were notable features invited The table AVas profusely decorated, with the rooms. Severalmembers.. guests! The exer- - J of the evening. the r r- besides beautiful flowers carnations, roses and nrp;pnt f - h";luWo:K;r ,,n ! , 1 ' -- : - bow-kno- I ' - ; w-a- i s . - c j ' j . i vi " - . " re-.- st good-mature- d " - y . - . . -- . I - "va - " au 1 e " y . -- ; - ' . , . - . j 