9 l il li Cft V V nnaUot tn the Hands Vol. -- s ruTHNTS.' the Kf J 'J. A Wv : Stanioil - NsHin.'iJk't j I K.S. . - k t rs. A ..M i . I'ralt '1 ' 1 Join IT, v"o. ado, 51. 53." ; ; i brm.i:n' .... Kanv-- t I!;: , r.r bake. i ' '".IS j r.i! lie 1 (:n ronct r.e; .l j 1 1 i:: ! Hi X The 1U j . iter r.M. A. . r.-- 'tt. j Yicw.-Kll- Wilcox V. a ::d I j. A. I bot - ! c dwell too long We I' !..:.! too milch a!1.! and sorrow and ():; I trouble; ! Wed: ': them to live by the thoughts we give, Ti.i ir spite and night to rvdoublc' i'.r;' If t. v . It I .:t ' army." I sav if voii vjaivh !;; .the to evil. give no thou wlien wc are The: th.i-i'- u; V,l l.A DEBORAH go Tand the H1 p. ire. deil. .11. I K Wll.i ox. SAMPSON -- A WOMAN OF THE REVOLUTION. BV AI.ICK Bt'RKK.' . k voting woman bent over a coat 'sleeve made of coarse fustian. It belonged to a garment lying on a chair'. She stitched away buisil by the light of a dip candle, standing cm ..the wooden' table. The rom was humbly furnished, evidently the home of a farmer, Deborah Sampson for so the young woman was called was' a rather remarkable Tall, of athletic hiking person. build, yet a close observer might have been surprised to see her small, tapering ' Her band and dark attractive face. skin was clear and--- - white, enhancing the ka.uty of her slumbrous brown eyes soft black hair and showing &he sweet luouth" apd pearly teeth. She had an attrai live personality, though she seemed half finished and:-thick- - d , unaware of it,her whole mind centered an absorbing passion to serve her coun- to be on . try. To look at her, one, knew that somewhere, sometime, Deborah' Sampson had known away? letter circumstances, for the turn of from William Bradford, governor of the colony of .Plymouth, - her grandfather being Klisha Bradford, a man of consider- .' v : , able note his wife a French woman by Bathsheba C. Brcche, and their Tighter AvaI)eborah7s grandfather had been rich but suddenly : , des-ndv- name ; "Because, sweetheart, it's impossible; I love you and hope in time you will return my love.". Deborah laughed. "It's quite useless. Why wear out your life running after a shadow ? I shall never ; love you." . it. 4I don't believe Surely, if for no other reason, think of your mother. She wishes for our union, and think, Deborah, of ber graceful head and the shapely hand' Plying; the' needle betrayed gentle parents d and this was true of her, for she was ' , There was a look of dreamy testacy on her face. It seemed on the previous night, she had a strange dream. She thought she stood on the summit of a high hill, in view of the sea, where a terrific storm raged. Suddenly a huge serpent wound its way to She fought it bravely, conquering it, her and then she awoke, filled with an overpowering desire for a real battlefield, a real foe to attack. The utter silence of the small room gave her mind full. play," and she thought of the weeks to come. At this moment something was thrown against the window. " 'Tis he, David Urenton,"she murmured. The sound was repeated. She extinguished the light, pushed aside the curtains and looked out. The night was warm in the early spring, the breath of the budding flowers filled the air, and the moon shone above her. She was very lovely as she stood there, reealed to the anxious lover beneath the window. She wore a. full white muslin bodice. shirt, drawn in by a black-'laceShe had unfastened it about her throat, and simpliciher dimpled neck lent a statue-like- , : C ty to her beauty. "Deborah," he said, in a low voice, "I knew you were there, for I saw the light." 'Well. -- she asked, in her .melodious voice, "Why do you come? Why don't you stay hvVuiM seems sad and its denizens bad, i;iv vour o.vn soul's b!i::d:K-- . V,":.. i- .ir;h is fair and the pe o'e are !.i: d, vu 1' ok for their kindness ; 4m "V the Home, theStatc and the Matron. Xos. 1899; 8 & 9. man loved "Tier devotedly. V'11111' a11 "1 am sorry I haCe to repeat my no, be cause! ve savi it so otten, you must" be tired of hearing it." "What will you do when you leave h -- C;tvn;u to add to it, t; v u :r v. ill nc:1 vt bv and bvo! die d e The ' best 'i the vcrv way to u'ndo it. .V. to better .poring over books which she borrowed from the school children, and every scrap ofnews about the war she read eagerly. At eighteen she contrived bv teaching a small district school to save twelve dollars, and with this she bought some coarse fns-- ! tian, cut out a suit of men's clothes for her-- j self, and thus it.was she sat sewing by the lonely candle. "There is iio escape for me," she thought. "The way is marked out for me. I iuns leave these peaceful scenes and eidist in the : 4 THI BETTER VIEW. ;;dk of the good th:.t he o;ld contains, . Power -- j : Utah should be Ply-mont- 1. x. of, lb a seafaring life hence' her patents were very poor. Deborah was born at Plymplon,. in County, Massachusetts, in December, i;bo. When she became of age she had a home with a farmer, Mr. Thomas. She had a singular tenacitv 'of purpose and at this time was greatly interested in tire revolution which had broken out. During the day she worked hard at spinning, in the dairy, and in the Gelds raking hay, or She could harness a horse binding oats. equally well, and often sprang on one and rode off for a long; canter over the country roads. If a spare moment came she sat K W " f lost, his money and Umk AW M "f-'- SALT LAKK CITY, UTAH, SKPTKMHHR i5,.OCtOnHU i, . ? Vt$T ml M V of the Women r here? Where will you go I have heard think of making a change," he said, you her ignoring refusal, as he'invariubly did. "Of that I cannot ipeak, as it only concerns myself, and it's no use trying to fin1 out, for I will not say." lie talked of something else and she gradually got from him that the soldiers in Boston were tn need of food. "Why is it, Deborah,, you revert to the war? You are grea-tlinterested in it, are He saw her face you not?" he inquired beam with that wonderful light of courage and inspired aspiration. "I scarcely know," she said. "I'm sor-- . If I vas I'd ry, sorry, I'm not a man. shoulder a firelock and march against the, Yet here within me is the Red Coats. to longing help these bfave men. God. give me strength to fnuP'out the way," she added beneath her breath, and soon ' David Brentoit departed. When he was gone, she tied up her bundle of work and slipped out of the house, across a meadow, and close by a large haystack in which she concealed it. This done, she returned to her room, and then retired for the night. Thus she worked daily on the suit, and at length '..it was finished. $ She sent to the soldiers in Boston, as soon as she could, a few fowl and sheep of hci own raising, bought with some of her' hard earned money at Mr. Thomas'. She saw "her mother frequently. She lived in a ramshackle old. place, at a short distance, and the elder woman often urged the suit of David Brentou, but :n vain. Deborah made a final decision in her own mind, she would enlist in the army as a private, disguising herself as a man in the suit of fustian, which was safely stowed bne had but to away m the Haystack. make the venture and all was before her. She gave the good, people notice, saying she wTan ted higher wages, and intended In a day or going to some other town. was settled between them. two it She tied up a few articles she might require, rand just as the dawn peeped forth, on a cool day in May, after a kind farewell . to Mr. Thomas and his wife, she star'ed off for Staun ton Mills, and later for Worcester and the American camp. She wore on this morning her usual costume, a brown woolen skirt, white shirt and laced bodice: The farmer and his. wife' wratched her out of sight, and when she found she was unobserved she ran into the meadow, snatched the suit of fustian out, wrapped it in her bundle and on she .went. She did not say. to her mother, nor let her know of good-by- e At times this her intended departure.. struck home to her, but she thrust the She soon reached a longing, from her. track of dense woodland, and "screened by the thick bushes she proceeded to change y . - . . the bedutifur hom e I caiiivenychr:: "Try tcT herappreir"andslipp love me darPng," he urged. He was a suit of fustian. She stepped forth in a few . 