WOMAN'S ill EXPONENT. From the tops of the Arc dc Triumph one little longer, and when he ,;toL. itK a view of fairyland. for me I shall go with him and gets " s The lion (good) Marche (market) is situWhat I saw, I ail not return to you and what I Say now I .say ated in the old portion of the city, U12 Latin the spirit, yivin quarter, not far from 'the palace and beautiV (Job.1 the V' in i?ud while ful gardens of 4he tve'i very" much impressed with there are' other; fineLuxembourg; establishments of the the more so because what riothi'r had aid, while making kind in Paris, the Hon Marche seems to rationality absolute of lei hold the' power of attracting the masses. strange statement. It draws all classes, from the peasant to the again- on "A similhr occurrencewe .cam are all left in princess of noble blood, and the fact that if and at noon; Thursday There one should "purchase under the stress of wonder as to what it all meant. whowit-nesScstrong temptation something which in one's are' people outside of our family cooler moments would prove unsatisfactory the strange and unusual occurrence or an unwise extravagance it could be reas we are. and who are as much astonished this morn-in- " turned and the money refunded, has done When mother died at 3 o'clock much in building up the enviable reputawe thought perhaps it was a repetition tion of the house. ... ofUie two previous incidents, and lor that The establishment' of the.. Bon Marche, we mad"e no move, whatever wards until specially constructed fox a, dry goods busiarrangements for care of the iemams ness, is the largest, best organized and best A t death. after hours six o'clock, q after hcrvfirst return fitted up in the wot Id. It contains all that made came this experience can suggest for convenience and to life was proved when death .have commodity, and is one of the most remarkmorning. On Wednesday she said, 'I able sights of Paris. In 1S63 Aristide death, but when your Bouciaut suffered the pains-obecame sole proprietor where he father comes and I leave you, I will go had entered ten years previously as partner. '. without and pain.' pcaafSlly a man of the highest comHe was "And so U was. Death came as an mercial certainly intelligence, but what contributed even a not was there and of peace angel to the success and to the immense increase sigh at dissolution." of his business was his spirit of enterprise, 'Sister Timpson has done a great work, the rectitude of his character and his great led the life of a noble woman and we feel He not Ipnly founded a benevolence. that she has gone to a great reward.. powerful business puse, he founded at the Pres. Isaacs, Rachel same time a great humane work, a social ' Ella Sklandek,' Sec. institution. He did not merely content - a I cc-- ne . . '"".' - . ' : , d rea-o- had increased to 2,2 86,21 s francs, not in cluding the amount paid out to the various ' u " state-mea- by-m- other f . OBITUARY. KL1ZAI5ETH W'EILER. It becomes our painful duty to record the death of cur beloved president.Sister Elizabeth Weiler, who drpartcd thi life a. uary 10, 1S99. , She was making her the ripe age-o- born January 25. 1S19, bne fifteen, days.. ears within eighty was president of the Relief Society of the 3rd ward for thirty-on- e years on the day of her funeral, w hich was held tn the 13th day of January, f Sister Weiler was beloved of all her associates of right gentleness, her integrity, heroflove She Christ. in the faith Gospel and her staunch she and the widow, was a friend to the poor and counsels. "all of in her exhibited treat wisdom her presiden cy e of thirty-onthe years During in connection with her sisters she" worked m perfect harmony. We recognize the death of our beloved president as the loss of a faithful, energetic worker, a friend to those in need and a comforter We esteem her faithful and to those in distress. untiring labors and devotion to the interest of Zion worthy the emulation of every member of the society. for her RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Resolved, That we sympathize wun me , children, grandchildren and great grand-children in the loss of a loving parent and a dear ue-reav- ed friend. Resolved, That these resolutions be given to her children, also that they be inscribed in the records of the Relief Society, and that we publish them in the Woman's Exponent Zurvtah G. Eardley. Sec. THE BON MARCH K; What a'fascination there is in the atmosThe gay butterphere of beautiful Paris! fly life in the streets brilliant, with life and color. The working classes seldom with hats or bonnets live, out of doors every practicable moment, loitering aimlessly about or chattering volubly together around the tiny tables arranged on the broad walks before the numerous restaurants, And the streets are.' usually so. beautifully clean, the boulevards so wide and the parks so green. - himself with the realization of profit, he applied himself above all to merit the confidence of the public by universally acknowlHe was supported by a edged integrity. staff of superior employees, chosen with care, governed paternally, and organized according to a just rule which accords advancement for services rendered, and permits each one to aspire to the most important positions. Th" Provident fund founded by Aristide the Retiring Pension fund Boucicaut, founded by his wife and the Relief and Peusion fund preniit all employees to await with confidence the days of old age, while" many of them have purchased shares 'in the business. ' The moral and intellectual condition has not been neglected. Free evening classes comprising the study of the English Jan. guage, vocal and instrumental music and fencing have been instituted for their benefit. Every year the most assiduous among the pupils following" the English classes are sent to London at the expense of.the house for a period of six months to perfect themselves in the English language. A doctor is engaged bythe house and free consultations are given, every morning at nine o'clock. - Women in confinement are allowed one hundred francs, (twenty dollars) to defray the expense of a nurse. ... The Provident fund is supported by a sum deducted annually from the. profits of All employees in the house the business. five years become participators in its,bene-fits- . Each member has an individual account opened in his or her uame'and is provided with a book indicating exactly the This amount' to the credit, of each one. amount is further increased by an annual interest of four per cent on the individual marcapital; Any lady clerk contracting the establishriage even though she leave ment' is entitled to the full .amount to her credit. In 1876 the fund Commenced with a capital of 62,000 francs, which in 1895 . . ' I participators. Madame Boucicaut after her husband's death,- wishing V carry out his'jdea and to provide lor tnose wiio contribute to the .success of the Bon Marche, instituted the Re- tiring T'fll'm fnrwt ftwlrtu-Jni- r It fit1i i)f inodest sum of 5,000000 francs from her' personal fortune. Two hundred and thirty old assistants have now actually retired and are receiving pensions amounting, to 210,000 irancs per annum.- It is a Me and varies from .600 to 15P0 francs per annum. Employees called on for military service, if on their return thev can show an irre- proachable military certificate, are reinstalled in their former positions. The picture and sculpture gallery is for the purpose of enabling artists to exhibit their work free, thereby assisting many a worthy person to enter into business relation with the numerous patrons of the Bon Marche. Copies are not accepted, only The the original works can be admitted. Bon Marche submits all oilers made to the artists, and demands neither hanging fee nor pay of any kind. en-sio- n the. French and leading foreign newspapers are at the disposal of all visitors, as well a's 'abundant writimri material, and everv day the immense table which extends from one end of the long room to the other is sur Some are. writing letters home, rounded. some reading and 'others simply resting. - . a . Yes, and one needs a rest if one has tried to enter at the main entrance about three o'clock on a bright afternoon in the springThe crush is time as I did several times. truly something awful. One is simply carried along by a restless, surging tide of femininity, and the noise, the buzz, the incessant chatter, the perlume, the tropical garden of hats in a constantly moving pano-- . rama, the magnificent display of dry goods of every color and kind under' the sun and distributed about with a reckless prodigality that is exasperating to the woman of limited means who for the time being desires nothing so much as a pocket book equal in size to that of the Count of Monte Crisio.Js something to remember. What a bewildering, artistically arranged mass of everything calculated to attract, from the poor working girl up, up to the ultra fashionable woman, what woman could leave the silk skirt department where they are spread out before one by thousands, a perfect rainbow of colors, beautifully made and trimmed with ruffles, flounces and lace, without a pang of regret. The entire building is mostly glass, for the whole four sides are windows and the roof is glass. Every window is ..a small room in size and the goods so attractively arranged as to be a poem in itself. The horses and delivery wagons are on The horses are the same gorgeous order. sleek, fat and well groomed with harnesses mounted with, gold, the wagons red and and there were gold and black and gold, -thirty-si- x wagons and about one hundred and' fifty horses. Every morning about eight o'clock they passed down the Rue de Cherche Midi on their way from the stables and it was a pleasing "sight. I used to watch for them and think, how. well they were matched. Of course all did not leave the stable in the early morning, the rest were sent for as they were needed through-0u- t the day. . - . 