WOMAN'S KXPONKN'iV NEW ORGANIZATION. moved by 'Ic.iiii i"r oi:r nuM-- i k? .tcr and tvwvA, Kale Pl:;Ue WIUY; and W! lere.is-t::v"e i.M.; c:d mtjmatr field with f us a vieniber. the 'Re!:. ( h:U IV h.i.s cndi.wvd her to. ;:.and ve.'de plv lYeN-e' therefore It- it ', K si.'J.A K That her ca:::ple ;K'-- wilt. mothera::rl nif'::!11" t!r.N Wk-:he held in gr.it u:l .incr.i!sa!!.-c- ; ar.d Ri:m-u ;, hat :';- - vedd-- r. Mi'.val b tk.tth universal favc'Tv siu ..:;! p.-jlv n.-.w- Ik-."- ' . ; . I ' ' If and .Sifter Daniels visited.Knights-vi'- p. v organize .u the 2'Stli inst. We had a lovely' friend from Provo who vjj.t ;vith our ohr .j t here; abo 'had a good .time with the. McCul-,,u.-;- j SainS at .rusting. 'Klder Wm. and counselors; met us at the depot. isa pretty little nook in a The people have r;ch 'mineral district. nice homes, and there are many of Provo's extensive old hitlers who haye-h- ad in. the Church, and will succeed in the Relief Society work. 'Xlr: ride in the railroad car was superb It The scenery in the canon was grand! was my first visit in the Tintic district. The' following names were nominated un unanimously sustained as officers of the Mrs. Mary Jane Wilkins, Relief Society r " rrtMcnt; Mrs. M. A; McCullough and, Mr. K.I laws, counselors; Mrs. Louie Boyk-secretary;' Mrs. Borak, treasurer. Willi much love, and wishing you tour to Kngland and return, I o lle K:i;-litsei- 1 ! Relief Society in that ex-KTie:;- j 1 ! 1 ! - n-- " tin, n ' ' Yours sincerely, Maky Toiin. '.r.y-e:tit- ilkllllllh hJ. VI1I!M- - ' . ( itr, y pr : Peaceful be thy silent slumber, Peaceful in the grave so low; j';'(Hi no more wilt join our number, Th.ou 'no more our songs shall know. t. a.gajn we hope to meet thee, Here thy loss we sadly feel; ft us, lb:t 'tis Ci(k1 that hath lie can all our sorrows ileal. M. A. Smaki. , "" be-r- KA'l :. i - ; . - WVr4vl-;- ; Co.. l'tah, Iaivh of Simeon WaIk- wife Platte Walker,' Tn()ak City, Millard - r--,- ,!tV, h ",.i' fr p.-- . v,im-'- e l H!atiw- - we nr.;v e.:nf.;X,t:i'-niHeavenly rat; ,e: '1 'hat a t Ui tbe' .: minutes and ierded pbuvd i.,n !'!.-- 1 . - ey in - in :'. Writtea by Mary M. Lyman cu the rep the vt a ty. Car l;ne Ik L man. j:v;!e::t f ree . ! LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- : MEETING. Y Minutes of the Meeting of Semi-Monthl- y M. April" 5, 1 I.. Home glorious Zkm." pie-sidin- Singing, "Ah.sc 0. Prayer by Sister II. M. Wright. Singing, ''Our God, we raise .to Thtc." Minutes read and- accepted. President Home said all who were pies-- ' " ; Said cut would receive a we were once in the prebvnee of .our Heavenly Father, that we were all acquainted there, belter than we are here. Tins is a school we are passing through to purify us for eternal glyiy. Spoke of the necessity of obedience, and of the glory if we are faithful"- We only have to answer for our own sins, v.one escape for breaking God's laws, all our acts are recorded in heav-n- . Refened to Christ's teachings that we should jiray for those who despite-fullus. This is what we are doing in sencing out our KIders to offer our enemies life and salvation. ';l feel that the Lord will bless us if' we attend to cur duties." Bore a testimony' of the mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith.- A great, deal is' Satan will Iiivurreat expected of Zion. .power, even to the calling down of Grc from heaven; ,we must pray without ceasing that we may be able to discern- the true spirit.' Sister Clara Cannon: ''I feel thpt this i a blessed privilege that we enjoy in meeting together and partaking of this good spirit. There has never been a time when "I'did not know that this Gospel was true." Sisters Seebeck, Wright 'and Waterfall each bore 'testimony. Sister L. I). Alder needed the strength. She beShe received in these meetings. lieved those who gather here ate those who have met great trials and deep sorrows. Spoke of the care the Lord has over us, and sends His spirit to comfort us in time of need; of the danger of pride, that it must have a fall, that it is only pleasing to the Lord to be" humble. "What a joy it Counselor Stevenson: will be to our young women to kiv in the " Spoke of the future, T was born in Zion.' mncrnitude of the magnanimous work being done in the Temple, that there is no time to waste. Exhorted all to oe very select 111 their reading, for that which we read im presses lis through Inc. Sisters J. S. Woolley, Mary L. Morris - Mes-iug- y u-- e . daughter, of Ilenrv and. Mary Ann Roper.' was boni on the Platte River.' at Red Rutte a:: Her sickness was of short Sep. 23, 1859. :i ;n. but her suiTering was intense; .still her ' never wavered, and' she" had great faith in ordinance' of the (Jospei for the'healing of the ,. in, and The Ivlders were, frequently-calle' relieved: :v times her sufferings were , greatly s c was to sec the beauties of the ';l shevas going to, and described them to - around her; also told of seeing sonic of Is who had .gone before. husband and children could not resign selves to part with the wife and mother they so well, and clung to her, praying God to spare---tiiem, till she begged Jhenv..t) gh:eJieLirti-- . her'spiritgo in peace. Much sympathy is t'Vor her aged father to whom she .was devotedly :iwir-Ji- d for her- sweet little babe only six - i5told.-- r Fatherr sisters and friends will do alb can for thi' little one, but a mother's love she, -:anU'Muritt:toe4tiinony. 'never know. Sing.er Walker was a member of the Relief Soei- - - Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Benediction by Sister M. Doxology. saving served as a teacher for fifteen years. ing, V. the choir and Lv O. Brown. belonged to A., and was a great favorite generally. Hercannot.be filled, She was the mother of : children; two she has with her, the others are May 27,'' 1.S99, the Ladies' ward.-hall; a:. ' h- II.A1TK 1". :ty - have hern called ujn t 'pan with, one f rhiveil sisters in the Relief Society. SJster M. Irilath-- i Williams Davis. She was in,vn in -and South Wales, emigrated to ga!jvhire. after in iv,;. Died at Union, Mav.ist. !i. Bering illness. s-,- -r Saint, Davis was a faithful Lat'ter-daand r.eedy.- charitable .i'lv to help t!:e ' love her. actions. To know her ,va-- t feel'to sympathize with her aged jutnr.er in' with her sons and daughters, and sincere-';- .' that they may be. sustained in the Imur of i!5d feel that tile Lord doetli all thiiygs well: ; :. - vh"-i,-ziV.'1.-- j - OBITUARY. ;K i pVtti .'. with deep ! ur !i-:- - ce suc-uivyo- !., - - .' -- K-'ovc- ! Pkovo, "Utah, Mayo. " lr?uvts Exponent'. ?5 ! : d d jx-rmitte- hr 'i-:r- ' - .1' i - ' " . S: the-war- d - i- - ' ' Semi-Monthl- y - mourn. her loss. K V. " SOLUTIONS Ol- - KKSn.C hereas the 'Ruler, of all has in wisdom re. "Meeting convened Jn ite .14th Counselor Elizabeth' J. Stevenson presidSaints.' ing. Singing, "Come, come ye Prayer by Counselor lliabeth Wel')b. Singing, ''Oui.God we laise to Thee." Sister S.tevei'ison si id she wondered how many Uere obliged l htiny unusually to get hue. We gather here to get a blessing. Said she had been to;Muab, and it was surs prising how the sisters th'ie-exertn. LiUcnd their meetings, they are oband bring their liged to .lid.e huig bab:eC'Thev";ulr Yen 'atixlOUs to iiear the truths of the Gospel. The line is being drawn among them as it is here, there are so many indilTelei.it and there is mueh missionary work needed at home. - Spoke of the law of tithing! and believed it. was one o! the most necessary laws to obey. Sister Johanna .Peterson bore a testimony 'of the truth of the GtKtel. Sister Hardy said she thought we were She thought a indeed. a Ines-e- d peopfe. great niauy did not realize the age in which we live. President Snow said recently that though the Gospel of salvation is presented to the people, yet they would not accept it. was pieaseu 10 ra.si! r o;uues suu-Mito day; tliat she was niwCl with. the sister anxious to train her children alight. Sister Brown said she liked to live so that 'she could ahva have the siirit of the Lord to guide her. Sister .'Harriet Ann Badger said, she felt to rejoice that she could be in attendance today. Spoke, of the grandeur of the work of the Relief Society; that there were 3o,uc) women, belonging to this society. A sister said though she had not associated with the authorities of the Church, she knew they weu.'. prophets and apostles, and that this was the Gospel- of Jesus Christ. Sister Brixen spoke ot her visit to Vernal, .Uintah Co., to attend the young ladies conference. Said how the .'Lord had healed "hrr.and permitted her to endure the long They Were "blessed with an journey. abundance of the spirit of God.' Said Apostle Lyman had advised all the sisters to have their names enrolled on the Relief Society books. ' Counselor Webb said we cannot be thankful enough that wj are Latter-daSaints. Spoke of the-- thanks she had to the Lord that she had.the "privilege of being Said she a worker in the Relief Society. would be pleased to have the y join this society. Sister Kliza Rawlins bore a testimony of the truth of the Gospel, ard related a vushm increased her faith. she Sister" .Williams, from Pocatello, who was a member there, had only belonged to the Church' four years, but she felt as if she She was had always been ' a member. to read the scriptures taughtby her mother ' She did not and to be virtuous. enjoy the pleasures of the .world. Related how she '1.1are peace orougnt 10 11 anu had been Healed her soul when, the Elders, laid their hands . , . tlfem-selve- (li-t;i!u-- ' -- y bung-wome- n had-tha- t ... 1 . Upon Her. Sister lora Hafen said she was thankful for' the Gospel and that we have a Father to fill the Said in heaven. bf-ll f f t"JfMfl t (lt,A llld lllt ..Urr.'nn , she-desir- ed f V, M earth to fill- - - . J ---- 1 Sister Jane James believed her Heavenly Father knew she desired to do her duty. Wished she 'could have the privilege to do more.-'-Prayed that Sister Zina- - and Sis-- , ter Home wddld Jje blessed and healed aiid their lives' prolonged. She then spoke jn tongues. Counselor Stevenson spoke' of the indif ference of the children, and the necessity of , - 