F1 VD The Ballet in the Hands of the Vol, 27 . CONTENTS: Peace Meeting May Wright Sewalf. of the Revolution Mabelle Snow. ia Cook. Fillmore V.nivirs.iry Syracuse-MarItems of Interest- -. "Cclebratii - I. E. Robison Resolutions. Trip to the South. An R M. F. y National Council of Women. urs p-'h- n- Anni-versa'- dahoM. at irrlen, A' Huce. G. Smith. Reaper's Incorporation. President Birthday at Saltair L. I.. G. R. Appeal Faun Clara barton. Call for Peace Meeting; A Hopeful Outlook. The Peace Emtosia! Dr. Talmage's New Hook, A Social Confcrer.ce. C!uV Vii-n'- . J- - s Afternoon Day Gf Peace he PoETRY:-T- Lydia D. Ald er. cy A. Clark. America-- Li . s THE DAY OF PEACE. gentle dawn, breathe, AnJ friendship's band more closely weave, reigns angels in shining robes of white, sanctified behold the lorfged for .s ight; Broad rivers sing through the restful vales, Repei ing o'er such happy peaceful tales. .Vonore to hear the sufl'ring wounded cry, Xorsee the loved one, moaning sink and die; Nor pity hide her tearful, heavy eyes, Aay from heaven's blue and sunny skiesr And Earth, dear Mother Earth,to drink no more Her chi'dreaV blood, nor wrap them in their Peace All - gore; more to . II. Peace, peace, let deadly, cruel war be'o'er; r Nor armies stand, a menace as before; With joy we hail thee, Millenial day; Thrice welcome, too, we'll own thy gentle sway; Foul Hate banished from the earth shall be; Haill ve, sweet love, and priceless charity. taithu? a happier--, holier time shall come, the wide world o'er from sun to sun; ftfe The . lowly peace, Naarene triumphant then, peace on earth, good will and love . men," to "Passing ages still those words repeat; world,' bow humbly at His feet, eace; peace. My peace I ever lave with you, Uo righttoev'ry other and be true; . rake My yoke upon you, My burden's light, "ve links all the wnrM o -. with H mi a (.nam en ui igui. 0m O'er the sea Shall nations rrv In vain ? 10 Vod, ascends the cry of slain. Repentant l Krit myriads .give us UNIVERSAL PJJACE MEETINGS. , peacUet benedictions comer TJe;th feezes peace; An International Committee" of Women has been formed, whose first task is the organization of peace meetings to be held in all parts of the world on the eve nreceding ,899 15, No. eart of cvfiy mourning one; catch the anthem,' whispering DAUGHTERSOPTHE INVOLUTION. UTAH DK LEGATION TO THIS I.ATU CONVKN- - TIOX. The delegation from Utah to the con- -' ventiau of the Daughters of the Revolution, held at Philadelphia, was as follows: Miss. Julia Farnsworth, proxy for th. regent; Miss Emily Canhoir, now in Poston, proxy the assembly at the Hague of the Car's Conference. Fratt Professor Solenka, of ..I much, an ardent advocate of international arhiintionon the Continent, most active promoters of Uhe International .for the vice regent, and 'Miss Mabelle Snow, Miss Emma Committee. Frau Solenka is finding in the delegate lof the society. Hatch of Ileber City accompanied the dele-- '' International Council'-anin the National Councils, affiliated therewith, instruments gation. The party left Salt Lake City on the already formed which ' may be utilized for peace propagandist!!. The present plan is evening of April 15th, on the R. G. W. railroad. The journey was exceedingly through officers of the International Council, presidents of National Councils, Local. pleasant, the young ladies receiving much attention and many favors from the railCouncils, and of other organizations of The delegation reached to arouse women to take the initiative road officials. Washington on Wednesday, April 19th, in arranging a programme, and organizing where three days were spent in sight seepeace meetings to be held in their respecThe ing. places of interest visited were tive communities on May 15. the Capitol building, Library of Congress, Only a general outline of tlie programme Smithsonian Gardens, National Museum, can be suggested for the proposed meeting Agricultural building, Medical Institute, This outline must be subject to modificaCorcoran art gallery, Washington monutions dictated by local conditions. state war and navy depart'First: It is suggested that the appeal and ment, treasury, ments, the White House, Mt. Vernon, invitation of the Czarslmll be read, and and Alexandria. with fairness to the generous Arlington We left for Philadelphia on Saturday motives that must be ascribed to him. On arriving there we were toon Second: Let an historica) statement be evening. comfortably located at the Stratford hotel, piepared showing the attempts that have the D. R. headquarters. A few moments been made to reduce warfare and to re after having been shown our rooms we place militarism by civil adjudication. were made happy by a call and most Third: Let brief speeches be made, each cordial greeting from Mrs. Louisa D. Galli-son- , a upon single aspect of war; for example, secretary general, who' had noted our the economic questions involved fu it, the arrival on the hotel register. She escorted moral and social effects of war, etc. us to the parlor to present us to the presiTo my own mind nothing could be more dent general, Mrs. Henry Sanger Snow, profitable or mose inspiring than a half and associate officers, who received us with dozen three minute addresses 011 patriotism, warm expressions of welcome, establishing most friendly relations from the start. which shall discuss the subject from different points of view. 'Whatever one's atti- On Sunday afternoon services were held tude towards expansion, whatever one's at the old Swedish Church, where the Sons own opinions upon the questions involved and Daughters of the Revolution and in the war. with Spain and in the present Colonial Dames at'tended in a body. The was in be can the the there evening quietly passed Philippines, parlors of campaign in no doubt 4hat the mind of the average the hotel in conversation with new friends. The first regular session convened on American citizen would be shocked by the advocacy of the principles underlying Monday at 10 a. m. Each State represented militarism. There .was probably never a had been appointeda section and banner, their respective places period in human history when so large a the delegates-takinHaving been arranged proportion of civilized mankind believed in as they entered. alphabetically, the Utah section and banner the influence 01 thought and sympathy. were quite in the rear. In passing down Successful experiments with wireless telehall to take our places we were intergraphy win from the public mind a friendly the attitude towards efforts to uphold and cepted by one of the officers, who, lifting banner "Utah" high above her head, strengthen the Conference of The Hague, the proceeded along the aisle, beckoning us to by meetings held simultaneously throughfollow, and the Utah delegates moved for out the world in behalf of the purpose, towards - the - accomplishment of which the ward , amid tremendous applause, to a place Czar's Conference may be' considered the, in the front ranks. A, special clapping of hands greeted the response from Utah at first practical step. roll call, upon showing tbe! full delegation May Wright Sewaix. present.- The chief feature of the morning session of the president, Mrs.. Henry Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson spoke be- was the address Sanger Snow. She is a lady of unusual fore. the Political. Equality. Club of Camand presence, being6. and for pleasing bridge on Wednesday, April i n ma n affa . n, . ex-pound- ed -- " g . . e.rs kH will their dainty heads on 'high, e of ne'er again will soldiers dfo- -: ploTt?SrrU-- WrT :. fce 'Vn V dauShters sPeak toda7, of 'psace lurn;ar awaj ; our earth from blood, from war let ' free, Lydia D. ' " - - r Alder. ; , ' chant, their melodies increase, . - -- b!rdswir ' 24.- - -- trenible,nor groan aloud for them. But brothel s greet 'mong all the sons of men. No - wo-me- refulgent day of peace, When cannon's roar and demon war shall cease; And all the Kinds afar, from o'er the sea, Ca? sister h inds, in sweet tranquility. Where col iness reigns, may warm love softly Ifei! SALT LAKE- CITY, UTAH, MAY .! I'r.ivcr? ONE NT. on April 27. - , She sailed for Europe May . Bismarck of the Hamburg-line4, by the First - " ' ' ble nef snlJithaLiftrj bstffMent and charming president general. The afternoon was principally devoted to society reports, of which twenty two were " 