WOMAN'S MY WARNING.. M 4, .y a lesson our children teach us, lir EXPONENT. Father, I daily plead, keep me from sin, Help me a shining light to be, To those whom Tliou hast placed within my , run their quaint sayings through, j) u- sa loving reproof they give we do .mi; ever the thing :n' how watchful wc mothers should lie,. shi iVj't l!0ble exaivplesjof purity. . many, years agone, Tvv.i- - in early spring the day, Ih vv well I remember from warmer climes, . TV !'ird, just returning C.iroled forth such a joyous lay, V.Uare arousexl from her winter's sleep, I reveled in fancies"dee. Rejoiced while we care, ' ' That I may lead them back to Theej Back to the home from whence, so pure, they .M-.n- came, , This is . . the prayer I ask in Jesus' name. Nellie. " - REORGANIZATION. Minuted of a special meeting called to fill tlie vacancy made by the death of our oo out where look step, late president, Sarah M. Kimball, held in i oo'd better Vs walked in oo's tracks all de way, the vestry of the ward meeting house, as Cfin ' be, as dey. are muddy March 7, 1899. And ir.re .s'oes Nellie today, Cut oo cant scold There, were present Stake President Anas mine don't oo see? gus M. Cannon, Relief Society Stake Presi,Cv. ,, oo's arc as muddy ni una who finked dat so naughty oo'd be." dent M. I. Home, and her counselors, AnOh nie T. Hyde and Clara C, Cannon and in reverie, baby's voice I Pat; rd others, also Bishop Jos. Morgan and CounH.ai called me back from my selor Nephi Morris. turning I saw that I'd left the path Meeting was opened by singing "Oh And taken a wrong, instead of the right, ankle deep, say what is truth." Prayer by Nephi MorAnd there we were in ris. Continued by singing "Guide us 0, tist rewaril lor negiecung wc pam Thou Great Jehovah." Sarah A. F. Price retraced I snatched up mv baby, and then was nominated and sustained to act as secrethe reached track, I'd till 'gain My sttps v tary for the meeting. our took we homeward in hand hand, the obThen, Jos. explained Morgan Bishop "March," of calling the meeting, to effect a ject Relief SociThankful at last when we were back, ofllielirvnrd The muddy shoes removed, Ve tired head a vacancy being caused by the death of ety, I pilWcd upon my rreast, while this read: our late president, Sarah M.Kimball. He deshall walk, sired to be guided by divine power in what Thy children's children in thy steps was done today. Spoke of the efficient Thy Salter days shall be thy best, assistance given by the Relief Society to Apostle, prophets at thy board shall dine, the Bishopric, And thy posterity shall call thee blest, President M. I Home followed with a While useful 'mong thy sisters thou shalt be, few remarks, Spoke in high terms of the In deeds of mercy love and charity." of .our late president, Sarah M. Kimability shall in thy path Thy children's children ball. Referred to the first organization and walk," the instructions given at that time by the soul in my very' The words seemed burning Said that it was wonderful the prophet, My life, its acts before my vision passed amount that was gathered in in small sums And I in judgment sat upon the whole, Desired the contributed by individuals. that day, How small my spirit stature seemed influence of the Holy Ghost to guide us. the beHow unlike His, "The Life, the Sight Said every virtuous woman ought to W:iy" .. long to the society. President Angus M.. Cannon spoke of the n f rfur-- - t s i hi ( umui.'o oiif acu yji niuutJ a ' ' Stake and Church W inch ere had trifling seemed to me, help given to the ward, Said But viewed today gigantic forms assumed,-'Thby the Relief Society organizations. that all members should be virtuous and beam removed," I plain could see that God would reveal sin to .those who How oft by foolish follies I was led, were righteous. How oft omitted duties hard words said. Harriet A. Badger was then nomSister How oft controlled in.anger 'stead of love, inated and unanimously sustained as presia The 'daily prayer," "thing forgot," dent of the 1 5th ward Relief Society. and While oftVbefore my neighbor's door I wept," Sister Badger accepted the office, disThe while repining with my lot, to d said she would do the: best care watchful She chose Forgetful that our Father's duties faithfully. her charge Is 'Wr all," yet, each his cross must bear." for her first and second counselors respectiveHumbly I bowed before the Lord in prayer, ly Mary E. R. Gray and Janette S.Griggs Both were unanimously subiamcu. Pleading for. pardon, mercy,love, and Soon o'er my senses stole a holy calm, A F Price was nominated for secretary Such as comes tT' Mary W. Gray for treasurer. Both were And io! a voice seemed saying o er ana o er. unanimously, sustained as such, v Presi"Rise erring daughter, go and sin no The officers were then set apart by Mor. more, dent Angus M. Cannon, Bishop Jos. was Meeting 'Nephi. Morris. Henceforward follow whither I shall lead, gan and dismiss us with I'll. .eep thy steps so free from sin, j u ,;rritio- "Trd Benediction by Sister Thy blessing." Thy children, following, shall see thy lights And they, with thee, the victory win, Julia C. Howe A. F. Prick, Sec. Sarah But humble rod 'the must walk, holding ye Braving life's battles, trusting Me, thy God." - . aerial-flight,-An- . the-mu- part of the 22nd ward, ami Tor UTat reason they had called this meeting prior to the organization. . Instructions ami 'advice were then given the sisters, by Bishop Solomon and his counselors,- Arthur Winter and John Nebe-fceBishop Solomon then gave the names" r. - of the following sisters to act as officers: Sister J. S. McKean, president;. Elizabeth Lawrence, firt counselor; Nancy .Shaw, second counselor; Octavia II. Walgren, secretary; Elvira Wifiberg, treasurer." The sisters then expressed their willingness to fulfill their calling to the best of their ability. Brother Solomon advised the sisters to meet together as often as possible-and to seek the spirit of the Lord at all times. The- sisters were then sit apart by the Bishop and his counselors. Bishop Solomon' made a few remarks, exhorting the sisters to le faithful at all times, and asked the blessing of the Lord upon all. Benediction Was pronounced by Niels Nelson. O. II. W. , . - - d THE N. A. W. S. A. CONVENTION. . - . -- - ' i : ' i . e she-coul- only-fromjabej-- T.'r ' - . NEW ORGANIZATION, The years have flown, and though my erring 1 wl In n; omenta ,weak,have slid aside the track, Anon the memory of that baby voice, In cadence Struggling I sweet has called me back, seek for aid fromChrist mv head, by a little child, as prophets said. ; I of fcejlejfcf Minutes of the organization 22nd ward Society held in the 8' deemed Solomon stated that they TniJcT?Ar ftv in this it proper to organize u u. Sp Mrs. Emily B. Ketchum, the president of the Susan B.Anthony Club of Grand Rapids, Mich., is most actively 'engaged in making preparations for the approaching Annual Convention of the National American Woman's Suffrage Association to be held in her city from April 27 to May 3, inclusive. -- Ketchum has secured an admirable entertainment committee with an active chairman, Mrs. Allen C. Ad.-it-, 94 Madison A .i,l'tln flrinfl l?n'nid twnnk wonose to entertain most royally the entire working force of the Convention, officers, speakers aud delegates. April and May promise delightful weather in that part of the country, and we are all looking forward to not only a good working Convention, but a pleasant opportunity-1 for social intercourse witn a gathering of women which ought to repreA number of sent trie entire country. states have already sent information that their full quota of delegates will be present. The South will be represented on the program by three of its best known suffragists, Laura Clay aud Josephine K 'Henry of Kentucky, and Frances Griffin of Alabama. n It is hoped that at least one of the members of Legislatures in the enfranchised states will be present, and perhaps such representatives will be secured from two of these states. Among the speakers Will be Elizabeth Boyntou Harbert, Illinois; Evelyn II. Iowa; Anna Caulfield, Michigan; May Wright Sewall, Indiana; Merrie II. Abbott, MichigaujRev. Anna Howard Shaw, Scott Duniwayr Oregon Martha A. Root, Michigan; Carrie Chapman Catt, New York; Harriet Taylor Upton, Member of the Warren, Ohio, School Board; Flora Beadle Renkes, School Com- -' missibner of Berry Co., Michigan; A. Eugenie Paul, Superintendent of Street Cleaning.Department, First Ward, Chicago, and Susan B.- Anthony. Mrs. . , w'o-me- Bel--de- n, Penn-sylvaniarAbig- ail r - Raciiisi, Foster Avery. , the quinquennial of the Woman's International Council in London next June, rv1lK1?r CfCCIOTlQ vi1l Ve T t, frrr-U1IC ji ijut 'fe4- to a consideration of woman suffrage, the other to the question of peace and At k lot-rr- t arbi-tratio- n. - " ; ::i ; : 