WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 22 But she was differt would satisfy him. were greater; she, too own home when she returned, when he., and her needs ed his love and something higher arj hoped he would.be the chief attraction. that I shrinl'frcni f!i(!uiin;;." persuaded him. to remain pillCi. iit auu viay uic ma uggie v. er.t 0" and let him' see that The Wethen-fl"Oh. Esther, do after New Years, and hoping he until Alice's marriage. Then the callings ' until .." him.'" meet to afraid not are you was ruffled a little,' when Mr,. Maimin" iV Esdhl-r- , , !'for might secure an interview on that auspici, .."Yes, Jam-- I will go,'" said that sistea upon uieir- - marriage upon the sa until to consented he stay ous went she And day, moral a coward." 'I am not He was uTsappointcd, however; 'the day with. Alice arid Richard. It::ermiX down as calm and placid as a summer time. house was full of c dlers and some menus such mi emphatic resistance that it cam'e morning. . The day sped near destroying their friendly relations for Mr. and Mrs; Wetherclt left them to meet had been invited to dine. swiftly by, and he had decided to leave- . the .Jutu're. t He invited RichIt would "be quite impossible hue to mor nine. the great, parlor to meet her thinking-iscribe in detail the particulars of Alice's ; fate,- her old sweetheart, expecting sue. a:d Ashburn to accompany" him, a would hurrv Alice and her aunt, home wedding; but suffice toay, she lr.d every, knew not what.soit of a reception. Hut he, thing she desired and was a perfect picture hearing her soft footfall, turned quickly and few days sooner. Mrs. Dinforth had intended remaining of loveliness herself. .The Elmore girls reached out his string arms and clasped her were her bridesmaids, and 'young Mr to his bosom ere she iiad time to elude his much longer, but as' her niece had made up AVethcrell, hef cousin, was Richard's .Wither .spoke for some minutes, her . mind to . get married in the coming grasp i i i Her rich uncle from India, as Mie man. . for their silence was more eloquent than Spring, she decided- to go nome ami sei take playfully called Mr. Manning, jjave her an speech, however daintily fashioned. At last about preparations, hough elegant India shawl and several odd amf into tnsiieratio.i as an inSidney Manning reputed hei name, 'but Sidney's ca The visit had- not pretty ornaments. centive to her going. she answered not. After the wedding Mr Manning still ''Esther, said he again, we meet once only been a pleasant but a profitable one, have waited and' Aunt Esther realized ho.v great a blesscontinued his visits to the Wren's Xcst.and more, and we are both free. the'. Have yuti nothing ing had come to .her through Go.spel as time went on, he grew impatient of long for this meeting. alwas conShe of all the long years to say to me alter she had heard and embraced. the delay for the fulfilment of. the dream of and his life-- and used all the powers of ready planning to leave her native.state stancy ?" Esther felt there was a barrier even go to join the people of her choice in the he possessed to get Esther to name subshe could iutioduce the not chosen home of the Saints. the happy day. At last Esther summoned now, but it too was enter to late all her courage and assured him it could ject tonight, upon About a week after Manning's and untrodden ground, so she only said, in the It almost broke her heart, the departure. Aunt Esther and Alice never be. most indifferent tone, ''You must be very took the stage, fo; home; "with considerinward struggle was so great; but she brother-in-lato is and a woman's keen intuition that her waiting my weary, able, reluctance though, for they had met we tomorrow show you t your iooni by giving many pleasant people, and partings give us happiness would not shall have time to renew our acquaintance Kill more'pain than pleasure. Hut our lives way to this earthly love that clashed with good night, Sidney;" and she hurried are mostly made up oi these triiles coming her religion, and she knew herself to be from the room. and going, meeting and parting; and we equal to the occasion. Eor her "old sweeHe stood by the mantle and leaned his must take the sweet along with the bitter theart," as every one had come to call him head upon his hand 'in a maze of bewilderor we would never know the contrast, and now, she felt deeply; he had staked. nil and w hether an overdose of sweets is very injurious and was al)Oiit to lose. lie had no faith to lean ment. He as as much in doubt she loved him or not as any young, inexsometimes fatal, though we all lo"g for it upon, and wdiile she talked to liim, this And yet she did more or less, and some people really seem great, strong man sobbed like afchild. perienced boy could !nv fl'i him but it.;ssmn:itHl hue to get more than their share in this.life. When he recovered himself sufficiently to , woman-likein own deterher secret soul, Poor Aunt Esther plainly .saw that there speak, he said: "Esther, my darling, if you. mined to prove him... though" she might was to be another struggle with her feel- - should change your mind, if you should he stake allot earthly happiness and hud hers, another temptation was near; and. unhappy and want me, or if misfortune self the loer. whether she could overcome, it or not she should come to hesitate to come and the Durjng following day days after, was scarcely satisfied in her own mind. She to me or send for Hie, I will come if I am Mr. Wetherell ojk ned up conversation with had no adviser, no one upon whom she living. I would marry you notwithstandhis guest uxm Mormonism.ol which he concould lean, and her human heart cried out ing the doubt's you entertain of our happfessed he never heard 1cfore, nor of Joseph sharply for the love she had never been iness, but I cannot take you unless you are Smith nor the Hook of Mormon; he was permitted to enjoy in its full completeness. wholly sitisfied. And now I must go indifferent, he acknowledged,, to all religions. Now it was within her reach, she could acaway, I dare not linger near you, I should He had busied himself with' men", money cept it if she would; bur uould'it not be at be desperate," and he caught her in his and schemes to accumulate wealth while the sacrifice of something higher. and holier arms, showered her with burning kisses, abroad, and left religion for "an after conand more lasting than mere earthly happiand the hot tears fell like rain upon her sideration. Such is the way of the wo Id ness 'at its best? Esther. Danforth prayed face. A moment more and he was gone v Esin all ages, except in rare instances. for guidance from above, it,. was her She did not dare only fled from her forever.ther heard, his leinarks without comment, hope and stay. look after him. lest she should- call him but feared a wide gulf was opening bet ween Aunt Esther had no trouble in convincback, and have to go. over the same scene them which it would be difficult" to bridge ing Polly and Ben," her two trusted helps, again. It was over, and her "sweetheart" over, and she became more and more reti- of the new as she called it, and had left her. She sank upon the sola and cent in conversing with him. At present when some Elders who had gave way to a passionate. burst of grief. Sidney Manning was bent upon ..making visited siortlyfter Boston, came out to Mrs; Danforth's, And now Esther's sweetheart lias, gone, love to Esther the young and fascinating who lived a little way out in the suburbs' we must draw our a close. There widow and she was mistaken when she both oL them storydo were ready for baptism! is little more, to tell. Poor Aunt Esther told her sister that he would be disappointOthers of her neighbors, too, believed, went abouf her daily duties as before, only ed in her appearance; far from it, he hem the Eluiores, which was" .a she among grew more and more tender and lovable. thought her more charming than in .her' source. of joy to "Aunt Esther . and For some years letters came regularly from Alice, younger days, if possible. because of especially, Harry. India, and occasionally some valuable gift. Alice's courtship was progressing favorv Sidney Manning and Richard Ashburn Twice she jw rote to liimjjpou Gospel sub- ably , all seemed to be smooth sailing in were aiot long away from the Wren's Nest, jects, she did not dare trust her pen to speak Not so with the others. after its mistress returned their direction. and for her of other things. many pleast Obstacles kept looming up,; and Bye ?and bye the ant evenings .were spent there,, happily for letters; ceased Qoming, and there"' was iioxdianee at ail for him. all Aunt except Esther, who felt too keenly Sidney Manning was dead. She remained Esther's time was occupied with many calls the, rik she was running; .for she had constant in her devotion to her old sweeA tender .word, now and then Known and visits. intuition' by all along that her old theart, and never married ' wheu he could meet her in the hallway after, though she sweetheart, as he; had been christened by had She devoted her many opportunities. alone, was about the extent of his advan- tlie young folks, was not favorable to her time, her means and her to energies all of tages. He" knew that some business had to views upon religion, ' and to: her nature it doing good to others in the household be attended to soon in Boston, and thought seemed n iwifiru faith', and manj rthere were who received blessings at her hands. fastuli--oii- s my years, and I .shall not please his tastes; and it will only be a dial for me was so ranch engaged, ;md visit her at her t i . s -- ' . I old-fashiom- tin-nex- (1 d t - -- j . . . - sbe-didno- t - , 1 , per-suasio- ' n . Rich-aril'- s saw-wit-h w be-secur- ed 'A be - f vou,-don'- - - ' . -- -- " ' . . Sxdiiej-though- .r.xhen.-slie-kneW- . . - --- 