t'c 12 -- li M M ELI SI. I'.: , Oil'' f.-rri- i ni i v e t fit Ml i i'.i tsi s r i iv'. rvce ' i .1 Ci'T, Ci' r; ! ; ivntf; ; . :' it '); A Vnl r. ire i 1 1, - ; , In. in. ev ti i v it .m;n s 1 k. Mr, !hriU Sf."!.I ; . .;iv U I ,!,' I 1 I.ikf ...i,r. v ; i;v-- !' .HI which-referenc- not thought of, for years ami well remembered article was as y e LINKS tt.y I 'I 0-':- j n it oris to . ;t Sam Lakk Oiv, Utah. it City, I tah, as S.ilt I. al-- if'ff. S,n LKi (jn, Uiui, Jim "THE FIRST OF JUNE," J599, 15, 1; AT SALT AIR. r, - for. pure-hearte- The . with their conductor, Brother Charles J. exercises by singing Thomas, opened-thPresident Young's favorite hymn, '0, my Father," in the old, familiar tune to which it was first sung. This brought tetider remembrances of childhood's days, when "little Mormons" learned to sing those words in their humble homes, and to better understand their. true relation- ship to Deity- because ot the grand lesson To one "IttlEslotr they so A lea.4;th0Se men lines were a first i, ro- name of their gifted author, auction to " Kliza R. Snow. After prayer by Klder .Royal B. Young and singing ?gain by the choir, Apostle Brigham Young made a short but feelrr- e soul-inspirin- the-fac- t ttt, . g ' 1 - i,au ' . - I I 1 ""'v 1 svrfH copy of tue " jcLs m i?"'?0' -- The confaini - u. name or. somethmtr connerhrm , , v luc the speaker which made so deep an" im pressron upon the mind of a child as to be uii.iueuy remetnDereu while hi UMk ( )V ' ' lll.j'. Viii; j Ob wvaw a s : ' With tht white, Ivif:ii:g Bnt the call oi spring will ti. Nor the sniHe of the morni'ii'. teit jsy ins MuMaering . Pe tri i'lie roses bloom, i : v .1 () er the soft brow under the Stilled by a calm so dt-But the Iihik of iare on his Tlie smile that his briht li And tlie soul replies i if hi . The-.are of eattii n vatv. These were not laid 'mid the the xv Nor pillowed And-thelive unveiled when paien, one with ('n ',."' With the . i i . ! j ' : e y . K-autif- To conclude the program, Dr. 'Seymour Young sang another favorite song of President Young's,"' "Hard times, coze the congregation joi:;i::j again no more, in the chorus. With this cacie pleasant memories of how the doctor used to si- in former days;, and how our mothers have told us of still earlier times '.vhen t brothers Joseph and Brigham were called "The sweet singers of Zion." The benediction was pronounced by Stake President Angus M. Cannon. Although socially the celebration was an admirable success, on account of the threat ening aspect of the weather the attendar.ee was not sufficient to secure financial satiB. The returns, if there were any, after expenses were all paid, were to small that the committees design making another effort in the near future, to raise means by which to assist in paying off the still re maining indebtedness for the Brigham voung Monument. The fact that Presidents" Lorenzo bnow and Joseph F. Smith and several of tht Twelve Apostles were present at Saltair for a portion of the day, should not be overlooked, although none except those already mentioned .took pare in the program. sfaction he-r-e - r. There are no tears in the'eoi: onJwiih n l'or the d warm-applause- t The tiou eret fair viiii tin- - .shl:.. That the aiv.;elseany t take. .ni never again e:u a pat; . d, d. Hit - was-clearl- large-souk-- s. t i itictr I:! lie ( "The'rost'S JiIjMni. the rsiTht s;;iiligjt eonivs and ut: . The day was not so fair and beautiful as tlit celebrating relatives and friends of the honored and beloved Prophet, President Brigham Young, might have wished for his ninety eighth birthday. Put notwithstanding the fact that sudden gusts of wind uiu nun umii 111 mill Miunti3 jnc Liiuti a great many from venturing out to the Lake, there: were still, many hundreds tlrat did venture, and were welf paid for doing so. And when it is taken iiito consideration that Sister Zina I). IJ. Young was at Solt-aithe place appointed for the greU celebration, from 10 a. 111. until 7 p. m., and received no harm but was feeling quite well the next day, it i easy to believe that no participant received anything but good from the day's outing. A description of how7 the tables were spread and the edibles served and enjoyed, or of the dancing and gaiety with which the eelebratioX closed at 10 in the evening, can hardf be given space in this brief notice. Those pleasant festivities, however, will long be remembered with peculiar satisfaction by many nf the younger and And the gayer portion of the committee. program proper was excellent. At three o'clock when Klder B, Morris Young announced that the program w?s about .to commence, a hippy circumstance occurred for rather a small part of the listeners. It was that they' found themselves in comfortable seats near enough to the stand to' be able to hear distinctly what would be said from it. The .only regret then for such ones was that so manv of their friends were not equally well provided i BKArTirri Onk Tin- - s 15..vi:li.s.. ,; ins ' tts-ir- I'.Y . i StiirC S l!'. s was grat'-fultHiildress, in made to the appropriateness oi the gatherAiid. ing in honor of his father's memory. he blest the people much as Ins father used to do in such assemblies. Apostle. I;. M. Lyman told .of the great love the Prophet Brigham Young had for his pejple, his wisdom iu leading thera, and the' consequent love and confidence the people ahvays felt and manifested toChoice selections by the band wards him. .were next rendered. Senator Joseph L.' Rawlins claimed for Brigham Young the right of recognition as a great man, not only among his own people, not only iu his own nation, but in the history of mankind; and said that ere long-histitue would be placed alongside of those of other great men in the statuary The enduring superhall at Washington. structure upon which this State -r- egatdeel as one of the1 most substantial, intelligent and progressive n the Union has been erected, the Senator attributed 'to the wise and earnest teachings of Brigham Young to his people. Governor Hcbe.r M. Wells, in tender, loving memories of his "great, dear, kind Uncle Brigham,' his "father's best friend," sp )ke the sentiments of a large majority of the people of Utah who were little chilefren in the early days of its settlement. The tribute he paid to Brigham Young's greatness and goodness, the grandeur, of his character, gave voice" to"'tlie" impressions which are stamped indelibly upon the hearts of thousands and tens of thyusands of those who were children thirty, forty and Of the greatness of Presififty years ago. dent Young as a leader, a statesman and builder, and his goodness as a kind and wise father of his people, and friend of mankind, nothing seemed to be omitted in the Governor's remarks. It shown that none but a generous and man, highly favored, inspir-eand endowed with power from on high, could have been what Brigham Young was, or accomplished the work which he did. Judge Kinney, who was chief justice of Utah Territory some years in the Fif- ties.aud came recently from California, was introduced to the assembly and n. . ceived w;th For he was remembered by many as "a friend to Brie ham Young and his people," an unusual thing for a. government 'official in those early days "of misrepresentation and persecution. lly the Judge was given a character sketch of President Young, illustrated by telling incidents with Which he was Irmself personally connected. He placed the leader in the true light of a mighty great man, wise, just, honest and benevolent. While Judge Kinney related historic circumstance of more than forty years ao a certain copy of the Des.crct News itself to the .'raind eye, recalling presented vividly to that the Judge had, durmemory ing those days of his residing in Miiieren a great, loss which m o h f h o helped to strengthen the bond of svmnritfnrt .. "j '"MUIU lcu ucLweeu mmseJi and the ' ui man of whom he was soeakiW Snroi.r i, o lie i 1 ' ' tne ' v01ce fV of . m.u i:' r i l.OO; or.ft ' r !u'' o ' I lihr.r U'lil.LS. It. t.'VDnVI.'K'T 4 i R. A WOMAN MISSIONARY. Mrs. Addison Pratt on Society isLir j 850." . After exchanging tears and sdieux six persons ja wagons started on, twenty-fou- r all, exoecting to overtake a small cowpauy at Bear river. We found the Weber river of high, the water running over the middle We got safely over, called at Brown's Fort, where dinner was prepared for "us by a good sister whose name is She Abigail. Abbot, a neighbor in Nau wo. ia made uie a present .Qf a good cheese. daughters accompanied us 011 horseoacK scvciai miles. We came to 'Ogden river; had an almost meu perpendicular hill to come down, i let the wagons down by the help of ropes, had a severe time crossing the water. Ar we crossed the bridge the wagons rairec-Thmen were in 'the water up tp titfif the bridge. 1 -- ; . - e waistsjmore.than,jiri,hQurc . 