WOMAX'S.PXl'ONHNT. .: -- most" forgot "- .... in v luliVs mother: he'rr-wit- h 1 As he watched her he became more de- h g h ted Avi t h - h err worn nn lines srnTrf,ye c 1 ucss. "Deborah," he said, after a while and during a puise, "I have. come here fur a bf3re fimitoreddier- to appare;au. - them- "SPECIAL MEETING AT HKB'SR CTY thus ... ... ,.r u: JA hi t trung ;K ';. j.j .nitiui.3 HcberCity Stake House, September? Meeting opener' with singing Vo "a lJt from on high.'' Prayer o'pv Continued by singing, '."IluW "rhiV.'a ..." foundation. " President Anna P. Duke spoke but 'n . r a..-jmfi,- i Det;orah I.Vl .Icd 1ut V, n encouraged her to comnh- with the demand,- and fin. illy -- " - she sent ho'me fr.the suit. When the me:norab!e night came, she was in full dress uniform once mure, and purpose today." rifle whieh'had been carried the "A purpose, " she repeated. The room with its ancient furniture, the her trusty friend through the war. short lime, as she desired-tohear Her curls were tucked utider the Washs' blazed, was great fireplace, waif-in.in, u. ik. vuu.s ''i i;:iKe L'ty, and as. she stood impressed indelibly upon the 'mind.? of the ington hat she. wore, was 1. s present. for Ben; she was a fine y.oulh to behol two theie, each expectant of the other, each President Voting addressed the :Mers: he stooped knowing that a new era was about to open When her husb.ir.d joined her l.c fdthfnl mwl irMt,.l,C.i out before them era of some great joy. first to Vb her.; then said, "My lad once "Sixt'Ts against faultfinding and never let Pen could see his love where she stood by more, and my lave."' dreu hear you speak' disrespectfully ofary She laughed merrily. the fireplace, looking down into the danc"Take care, sir, I may join the service 01 re, or find fault with the auth'mh s of L ing flames, as higher theydeaped in a jnad Church. I was rre-enat race as if each one wished to go higher than aeruu. the other, then were put backwards as They .were shoitly entering tlie large .auVo ana Heard .the Prophet J'cr, others puslud themselves into tlieir places. room where the reception took place. Men"' Smiih say in a discourse, 'I now turn in gold lace and satin knickerbockers, dia- - key of knowledge for women.' lVu;nL--" "Life is like that, "Deborah said thotight-frr.'filled about an have and buckles ice important position m "like the Haines. We try to push mond, ' time- and will ... uZ since tali brass.: Church in A candles that hundred ourselves into other's places.-- Don't wo, them. ""i.Ui Some o:ie to do .so. It i s now ov er sixty-threthe light. candlesticks suiTu-cPen?" cu:s a tor.ir.ce I was was the have sec: rnr-accompaniment of baptized. singing "Perhaps. But no one could push them, iks We: are tlowerrd women m The their irot working "under a changes. selves into your place, Deborah," he said spinet. and we mere but and pettic-Kitbelief, have the b!esinslipsitin '. earnestly. We are sure of. a rev.ird if we pers and ore:eous buckles. also ioined the assurance. .;. "And why not. Pen?" was worthy of prove, faithful. It privilege to "Because, dear, I love you, and want crowd around Deborah,., who in accoutrements brave their understar.d her attention the'Gospel. We should studv only you you for my wife, dear." with face and and her rciid charming gavety, alight ""Is it true? you love nrr after all ?" she something every day from g.xj in Teach their brilliancy. her.eyes dazIing your children the pri:; i; . asked hesitatingly. was An of the earnest request Oospel. the Oospei is the bread of given lr;n "Quite true, Deborah. I have loved life. to hive her. Let the children learn of the peace of go throi:gh"the Washington ypti fjr a long time Go.-p1 he ol she ner arms wu:cii manual at home. witn t;:e rihe, L.rd has great "And vou really want me, Ben ?" said leer of to consented do. in store for II is haridmaide-uTliey readily "Ves. dear." a could afterwards mike talk." "She Sister gun Voting closed her remarks by raying They stood aiuomdnt in silence. The Deborah of social tired this Put she desired to hear the sisters talk and grew ruddy fanciful light fell over them. He wdiirl in and a few returned asked the biasings of C-days 'they to lc Willi seemed to her an invincible- presence, an home. all. ideal she had dreamed of all her life, and n Ins Dr. id abandoned Gannett prolesthere he stood before her in veritable. truth.prM.-i. ia liue intu i,,V"'f bister , t a interes.ed ston about and inme While she was to him the woman he largeT K:izabetli Uuzzo,-fnaSalt Lake who down oeen which Iianded to hnn.: . lt.vv ruimiks: also'Sister Citv, iuu loved. Very beautiful, a bid ng who seemed firm, Cathtrine Irom Ins ancestors, somewhere m Mi iron. to him far beyond him in goodness. , .vreinLaid, tj bii tlerville, who spoke a He thoroughly enjoyed tne ine and tnougli sj10r jmt. "Tell ire, Deborah," he siid, in an sistent voice, "what I want to know. Tell he had plenty of men to carry on the rough lister Ann Murdock bore her testnrocy a i,;. ,,,,ri- - ivami, ivviMiw.H,. me, dear. " h e l.!1C eve with a " 'Tislove, Ben. I love you;" she said in the finals on a cool summer's Mster Sarah,. Hond made. a few remarks, i ; lor.r. Knmn.j lIes-caressingly. a suit of home-spun- , and she would bid j.ai5 i resident Anna- Duke th otiirht we were He went close to her and looked into her him come with her a walk to the sum 'lor face. He studied the brave" eyes and the mit of the hill, where they .would piu-x:- and blest to have a sister with us who had seen careless, almost reckless courage of the watch the' moon steal from the valley, the Prophet' Joseph Smith. tip determined mouth.. He knew he must be and later its Sister Wilson, from Midway, said she effulgence would touch the knew to a control such he but had Aunt Zina when she was a young nature, strong scene with a glamor of dreaminess and mys: no fear. girl. She had lived in President Voting's tery. "She underwent the scrutiny calmly. And Deborah clasped her hands about his family for a number of years, and Aunt she will for have me said, Zina's every day" life was an ex'eniplary. you "Well," arm and said. "It's very beautiful .litre better or worse ? and it's most like "Woive.'' one. beautiful," "I wasn't thinking- of ihat, Deborah," very Zina Voting spoke- a short time, "Ves, ".he answered. "How .happy we!' he said. "I was thinking of myself and are, you and I together. For our life is"l er remarks ;vere on the early rise of the I if am of' and worthy wondering you love, dear, all of love to live, dear, just 'lurch, and the blessings in store for those of in the my thinking happiness knowledge with you." that prove faithful. that you love me. Yes, sweetlLeart, I take "We've had our trial, Ben, haven't we?" j President" Hatch was very glad to see you for better or worse." she continued, as they returned homeward, Aui Zina. He had known her since' he He drew- her to hiin close within his. "yet regret nothing of the past,, of that .was a D0" of about ten years of age, Said arms, kissing her. tne "Relief Society was one 'of the most I served my past country," "My love, my love;" he said in . helpful organizations in theChttrch,; Asked and Deborah found her happiness at she e:,ded. "I know that, Deborah, but now you be- - I'the.blessing-othe Lord to be with ail., last in the strong nature revealed to her in to Sister Anna Duke gave all who wished a me," he said firmly. Ben Gannett, and his undying Jove for her. long Ves, and Xm not sorry for that either," ciiance to shake hands, with Sister In the following April, on the seventh of ' " she said gaily, Voting. that month, 1774, they were married. 1 ee t i n i w i t li singing 'Praise to., They, walked slowly through the moon-ji- t The year that followed she was asked by j c the man." Penediriinn hv Sister Ruth meadows, while before them tluarKiu.ij,v. Washington to again- visit the seat of of ; the river, on the hills, shimmered seem- - Hatch. So witlflier husgovern meiit as a guest. Sister Zina hook hands with one hunband she returned thither. ' She was feted ingly with, peace and joy, guiding them dred and twenty-six- . -- and made .much of, attending receptions ever onward. American AhjitJ'dy Jfacizine, Alice M. Lambert, She wasjjrivejv a given by the-- officers. Sec. : i by-Chrb.t- , self-sam- e . " I'r-v"- .." where-tbejog- --- 1 1 g an . .) y, 1 frills-crowde- - ' - d - e , I- - - - . ' high-heele- - d -- is.-ou- r - . el b'.es-iug- s s 1 - . - t '; - a ' ; ,,,"'. ! . . . 4 . j i.,i . , I Llst' " - - . . -- -- - ! - . - isl-e- r - -- j - . 1 of-ui- low-tones- life-whe- n , j ; f " , - j I . . t i - - 1 i . . pensioii-iorlue- Act. At one of the most notable receotrms a requestAvas furthered to herthartheeple" w iiieu ud5 jum .viueu irom England for V a The dark May, leads into light tomorrow, wished to see her in her regimentals' and Cape Town, was paid for by the Princess- ..There is no endless joy, iio endless' srro 