T n. N 1 ----- . Ladies W. 5 . . . i' Stake . Uooi.ty. .ei;mcry In Omah -J. Sucici) KniToK!Ai.:--- Semi-monthl- .o iu. Relief Stake. C .. l is.. V - i.- -- Sanpete L. Hatch. I -- ' An Greeting. Eciitbrial ' ' t. . Voy ge of Life --- A J'oktky; K. I. W. VOYAGE OF LIFE- - A tini ; in the days that are olden, .i "fh ileir, deid days of the beautiful past," hearts " were light, and. our visions U'h;n cur . ' s.o!n . sent our ships forth over perilous seas, bound for havens Wi h their precious freight .hny proud vessels cani'e back heavy lade", With cugo ' precious jewels full store; And only a few were with storms o'er take , , And stranded, or lost p a dang'rous shore. '.". uere cautious, the vessels built strong migh; rage fierce in midst cf fe orean; The pilots Storms Vet bravejy they sailed, tho the oyage was long; dark'ned' the sky that was ' :"';::r-- c,ea- r- And many new dangers threaten the wajy The mariner sailing has much more" to' ear. . For trejjrhVons signals, tempt vessels astray -- : , , ' " ; , lights warn them of drifting shore,; More signals, more trumpets, sound theJarm; Vet wrecks of life's voy'gers increase more' and More beacon ; .';.- - - How shall we save them from coming to harm?" Can we turn back the tide that's set in 0 strong.-- : WrecktrrgTthe vessels j ust put out to s?a?, ; ' ?v O.have we been guiltless of error and wrong? .HowshaH we answer in worlds yet tabe?JijLr 0, let us by Faith light a beacon so bright,' 7 hat its rays m ' shine forth from 'shore to' . ": a Power to better the Home, the State and the NaUon. f'"-'- shore, i .. "V' I: are falling, so softly so w hue, fancy they're whispering to my heart So pure and so sweet through-thdarkness 6 even, They fall v my feet ike a message from heaven. I fancy them letters-ihangels have thrown From the windows of heaven and watched them torn down. And then as they spread their pure folds o'er the sod, They seem like a letter a piessage from God. i'ut over its surface in sparkle; of gold, Hi- - unfailing promise to mortals is told. That under the fold of this soft, sunny glean He guardslhe life buds of the beautiful Spring. I 'W.--- v L ' ' ' . And the wand'rers bark in a perilous night, May find its way safe, tho' the; wild, waves .1 i i " roar. Let Love be the Shibboleth now evermore,' V "Pass the word down the line, 'afar off and nearj Truth be our armor, till Life's voyage is o'er; i;'.'t And white" wings of Peace, our vessel hall. KB "steer. W.; Women are to th Tore in educational matters in Colorado. Out of the fifty-nin- e counties in the state, twenty seven : have women superintendents of schools and evejy school board has oneof two' wromehV members. . to-nigh- t; . r, No 1899. 15. That morning session in Omaha, when the Local Council reported their work was very impressive to me, and I am working to "get our Rochester women's clubs and societies to organize into a local council. We cannot help .suffrage- - in so speedy a manner. We want women on the school board, women on the board of city physicians, etc., etc. For any one of our clubs to move for the result would amount to nothing, but for all of your associations combiued in a local association to make the move would effect the thing desired. Certainly with you women who hold the ballot in your hands! Soto combine the. forces of your women into one voice, one action, is your great need. But it should be stated MISS ANTHONY'S LETTKR. by a call for a meeting signed by the presidents of all of the most jvopular clubs. Your suffrage society, like ours, should be My Dear Mrs. Wells: one of these, but not the first or k'adiug I have before me your good letters of one. Here we have an Kthical club of Nov. 2nd and 14th, also several others from four or five hundred women, and I shall try women in Utah, all relative to the election and get its president to lead off for the of Mr. Roberts. The deed is done the council. women of Utah, as well as the men, voted Do you know I really believe if the suftheir party ticket regardless of the right frage clubs would quietly get behind the action of its Congressional nominee on the scenes and work for such local councils we woman suffrage question. Congress will woulddo arriruniense educational work. I not reject him because of his disloyalty am going to try what it will do in Rochesto woman's rights, and it is doubtful if it ter, that is sure. will on account of his family relations; Lovingly and loyally yours, but we shall see wnat we shall see! ! Susan B. Anthony. his influence in Washington is against Dec. 5," ,1898 . , . wcinan suffrage you, must yxpose him right" along,; just hold him to woman suffrage. word was splendid, give AN OLD, OLD STORY. (; Governor Wells' him raykind regards, and also to each and all of the Wells family..'-.- They are made of r This story has been told but not written, good .sterling stuff, and that is the kind of of that I feel tolerably certain; and as I The point. could not from experience tell such a fine people this nation most needs. letter yas that the Utah Suf--. story myself, I can only write one told to of"l rs. me by a school friend a very long time ago. frage Association ougTiFldpubiish-a- n earn She was a Tanxonsifttle tr.ry est. protest, against Mr, Roberts; that you of us were pure, Yankees, surely can do; Mrs; S, tells of securing an; tales wonderful told that us she but Roberts he would from such, that cIr: expression not oppose suffrage. Both seem .very earn- - ; We looked upon her. as a veritable fairy. Ye . were; quite unwilling then to think est for the, honor pf the women of the State. I do hope all women, Mormon or Gentile,-- these things were all true, and yet, since those days I have many a time and oft will banish sectarianism qr panisanshipism;: and talk! and work and vote only, for good heard stories far more extravagant, and can officials, regardless . of, ; church or n party ! easily believe now that Pamela .Kingsley There are good and bad men and women in told the. truth as she had heard-i- t fromDilli-waabout her maiden Aunt ajl churches.., and all parties,, and it is with whem she livedr She was her only the good that should .be selected' for n great aunt, the sister of her grandfather official positions. : DiUiway who was a "royalist to the back.Your, women- must learn' from this elecAnd really she tion the vital importance of their presence bone," Pamela told us. used to soft of queen it over us, in a way, in- the very, first nominations, for after the ' nominations are made it is so very difficult because she knew all about Xmas and we to persuade voters to stand there for any barely knew the name. Aunt Dilli way lived save their own party nominees. But it will in Boston and her niece, Miss Pamela take time to teach women. Why men have Kingsley was sent up in the country to get not learned the; lesson with a hundred and fresh air, new milk and the scent of wild hay. That was more years of practice, then let us be patient flowers and how we come to know her", and as. we tit ; tii wnmpn'c mistakes at the first and What you need in adored Boston girls we all fell in love with second time of voting, her before we knew she was a tory. Salt Lake is a local council of all the differ was from Pamela Notwithstanding ent societies and clubs; and then for the:! more about officers of the council to make the move for Boston she didn't know much she had or against public measures or men, thus Yankees than we did about tones, never been at school before but had' a Mor- acting for all the women of the city? as her great .aunt mon or Gentile, Republican or Democratic,, governess at home, and Uo "managing a 7ilp-roldfi5teaonel)illiwayLajsjipqual silent. . French governess and an obstinate little arty protesting and all the others e - ! -- - They're met by an enerny,oft with such force Their bark must ride fea" iessly if they endu.rel-- . ;.; ""tv,. , life has chang'd in its cour je, No longer may youth go sailing secure,. more,'-- , . t " -'- - HP , tilth-- trust "was in God witrrfafth. and devotion" 1 7,;rVWpv-r4-r;--c,- T ... lair, An the s iils unfuri'd in the tremulous breeze, Signals of trium; h, to do, a d to dare. ' 1 1 . We Ves, the ocean ,r" . Then love secm'd to fill the universe vast. But clouds have since 1 e Years New A Meeting y. Dr.. Roberts' Nursing Oass. Apjht.1. Notes. . be Snow-flake- s An; O'd Old Love Letter! An thony"s .; ' it SALT LAKIi CITY, UTAH, JANUARY CONTENTS: On:: 01 jr fi . 1 U allot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should The Vol." Miss 5 w-- A-- s . and-all-the-- rest ; -- blue-bloo- d , , . : . her-govern- ess; y " ; , "" ; - - ; new-mow- n j i , j , . a- of-s-nb- wf ; 