, OlCELESS Tt! yjJLARLF-- , S OK.GR.ASS. V --WOMAN'S . . ,i LJi::iti. a.t vwu.aru. m. Andiew EXPONENT. .- - . -. - - Saints here in Butte king and Charles Christ oM,atter-dawho-hav. ksued volume of a. ju.ri!t, inLkmt been constant in numbers about pouns by sixty, and is ably presided wur these- stanzas oil 1 icir attendance upon her before I v dunning, '' over came, by Brother Christian Williardson, oi M ' .ni'an: ami lie care .of an excellent physician, Co., who, with Kldtrs Ephraim, nn mr recovery our troubles were Andrew K Sanpete Tuscan hills I heard it breathe.!, Tr.. nc. Hvrtnn M. Lnrseh and the olive sles it ran, not over, (Jn. the d ay "of her up her Sorenson of Cache Co'., and Charles O, ' :!kd the laurel all btari bed my, daughter was stricken leaving down, and Dickson of Provo, Utah, form a power f brows'onec laurel wreathed m: ; the doctor, after working with "jher for a here for good iu spreading the principles of Ma ids whose vanished voice, fill time.told us that she was hi a dying egndi-tiothe Gospel and in the or.tiiant, deep valleys yet; ' and had not probably over two hours to dinances' thereof. administering !.iurcljieur can forget, ; live,- and asked if we wished to call in anychocs tremble through it .still; Tjiey have a Sunday School and Relief one else. We told him that we had all the. ... Society, the latter presided over by Sister let the laure.1 pass, confidence in him that nc could have in Nellie Vanuey,' with Sister Andrews and A: riass, the dim ICrrnrian land; I but any said to him: "There Sister Sarah Larson as counselors. Sister physician, i".ider sing within my hand is One who can do .iceles.s what you cannot do, Larson having been et apart last Sunday Ti syllables of gras. and is He and His authorized serGod, Sister Watt is secretary of the evening. its mighty ring, ' vants are and He'wili here, honor them." society. ' :i( groves of Tuscany He said: "All if The KldersV headquarters and place for right, you can do anything, ;.i"'ld'cloqt:eiiL to nie '" herb One taught to sing. . you had better do it quick." meetings, socials, etc., is at ;o Utah Ave., Ve sent for the Elders, who came and S. Butte. . ;i art thou, laurel overhead. I have had the privilege of meeting with anointed her with oil and laid hands upon be r to this tiny blade, i.k- one says that lie who made. her, and she revived immediately. And the Saints in their regular Sunday afterrass and me to live, is dead! when the doctor came in the next noon and evening meetings, also Relief morning, true for Italy he said he had never seen anything like it Society meetings, and have ei.joyed the the of il cfii many a sun; night before in his Jife, her pulse and temperagood influence which prevails there, for I 'I my On n try, liadst but one, ture being perfectly normal and she pro-- ) know that it is of God; and I regret that I J: how dim thy light rniwt-bedid not have the opportunity of meeting pea up in bed smiling and looking-well- . If ;ay be fakethe sky's as blue, Then began a "struggle which lasted with them upon their festive occasions, T;: slVx has not dropped a leaf .. about a week, in which she suffered two or which occur once a week in the form of a ,ir?h put oif a rose for grief ' three relapses, when it seemed as though social party. yi I; for all- it may be tnVt The birthday anniversary of President death would claim the victory. But the fi.'fied, silver olives 'wave, Elders stood by us nobly day and night, as Young was duly celebrated, and the Relief the laurel where I ass, ioutler still I hear the gruvs many as "five of them surrounding her bed Society will in a few days celebrate their first anniversary. in circle prayer when she seemed to be dyon a grave. rass, Veil, although I did not get to see much, ing, after which she would revive and appear to be getting well;' and at last, I am I mighfoccupy more space in describing my impressions of )eopJe and things that AN INTERESTING LETTER. happy and thankful to our Heavenly Father to be able to say, she is on the road to I have met, but my letter, is already perIHitte. City, Montana, June 20, 1S99. complete recovery, although at the end of haps too lengthy, so I will close with kind two weeks of illness she could not walk one love and a hope of seeing you in the near FJifjr Woman's Exponent'. future. ' step. Your sister,, Agreeable to promise to write to you I am- not able, under the circumstances from this place, I now undertake to do so. Carounk K. R; Wku.s. Which have prevented me from going out ' I kit Salt Lake City on the O. S. h. much, to tell you jnuch about Butte, ex9:45 a. m. train, May i6lh, for this place, cept what I have observed from our front TRIBUTE TO OUR WOMEN. . in. response to a telegram informing me of windows, w hich, by t the way, are very ue benous nijiess oi my granddaughter, A representative of the Associated Press favorably located for the purpose in some ' and reipiesting me to come. interviewed the Countess of Aberdeen and respects. It being my first trip out of Utah since; I There are three things that I have others regarding the practical results likely tnttred it a little child in 1S48, I did not been able to see without to accrue from the international council of going abroad: much like the' idea of First: All the funerals from the Catholic women. Lady Aberdeen, who is an enstarting out under snch distressing circumstances; but "necessChurch (and Butte is principally Catholic) thusiastic admirer of the American and knows no law," and in response to have to pass our house on their way to the Canadian delegates, said: ity the call of distress from her children, a cemetery, and in consequence we see from" "Everyone of them was a skilled exmother will not stop to discuss the order of one to five almost- every day, anywhere pert and most of them were trained speakers ber going, but from one block to one mile in length; and whom the congress" was delighted to hear, go. The journey was which cannot be said in regard to many of accomplished without as the service only occupies about ten minany, incident worthy of mention, except the utes, there is no tedious waiting one for the; other speakers. The Americans, as a extreme anxiety of mind which I endured another, and we sometimes see three or rule, were better informed, more decided in cpncermng the condition of mv rnnd-once we saw a opinion, and further advanced on the lead' fnnf within an hour:-anshould-findaughter: Whether I her dead double funeral of two miners who were ing topics than any, of the other delegates. " or alive at mv innrr.pv'i; prirl ' , rUA. bircpx; nnrl two Inner rows of They fairly outstripped the English worn-- . The beginning; of the journey being carriages walking abreast. It was quite ar en, who, however, were better informed over roads which-' than the continental delegates in general had traveled before.: 'solemn sitrht. Second: The cripples who daily pass the knowledge of- the subjects pertaining to until I reached Pocatello, where a short house on their way to the hospital around women. stop occurred! "Mrs. Sewall won the congress from the My impression of the. the corner, their limbs gone, limping, dealtown, from what I could see, - was a long walking on crutches, heads bandaged, etc. first. She has extraordinary , tact in r9W of shops, stores, etc., with scarcely any Third, last but not least by any means: ing with such a large gathering of repreresidences in V .. sight, which' made me won-Qe- r The throngs that go to the Catholic church sentative women. wiiere all the "Miss Susan B. Anthony's powerful adpeople lived who,patron-- f from 6 a. m. until 12 m. on bunday, triei;e added t!ie 'beu on, over hills and rough being a separate mass every hour, and a vocacy of women's claims distinctlyboth at Kcesf going after dark through places new crowd at each one. .. Every bunday. to her already great reputation ' mat were new to me cn 'that T forenoon it looks like our conference at home and abroad. ci-eirom seeiutr much that was really home. "Regarding the results, the grand connewOne week ago last Sunday we saw fifty summation has been reached of welding rnvmg at rny destination at 1:05 a. m. i or more little girls going to their first com- - together a cosmopolitan body of thoughtful women, prepared to educate their, fellow munion, an aresseu as unucs, m wuiiy a Twenty-fiv- e years hence the , Mer-urveils and" orange blossoms- ill-- , women. and W. to taken with 206 carriage long v the" .; where I found my little grand-oaugdeed they are called the prides ofhrist. leaven of today will have leavened er out of danger, thanks toou r I regretted that I had not the QPltunity whole world, and the irresistible, force of of witnessine: tlie cereiriotiy. avt)ily"Fatherr who honored the publicplhlohilthi their . of of Jesus proper sphere. of His servants, Elder Chris The little branch y -t i - . ) ' ) j -- . . u . . - i. i V I . I ! i . t:it;k-Jveep- s : ! ; J - ; . : , ' - X- i -- -- new-growin- ' g - . . - . . . - . 0 d d ti-- r 1 1 , a - ; 1 , . . - V -- hi . ad-ministra- the-Chur- di 