Woman's Exponent. EMUELISE Pubihl.t-.- l Trnm:' ort JL 'WELLS. Editor an J rS:iihrr. semi monthly, in Silt LaW City, Uuh; copy ont year, Ji.oo: one copy iix months. c'u!. City one year, 25 cts. 'AJvrrtising rates: Kich q;i irr, ten lines of nonparit-r month, 3.00. A liberal disspace one. time $2.50; . count regular a!ertiser. KXI'ONKNT office; Room 203 Tempteton. Street:' H'isine-- hours from 10 a. m. io 5 p. in. every d ij, except Sunday. . A'JdreVs'aH business eominunieat'.ons to No reduction m t 50 ct by nui!, extra for po-Us- r ! aj-r- drliv-err- d South-Templ- . mm. i:. u. vi-:i.L- Salt . LAkf. City, Utah. 1 Entered at tkt 'est Ofue in Salt Lale City, Hah, as stconJ-iis- s , m ttter. Su.r Laki Cnv, Utah, (:hhkk 15, 1899. GENERAL CONFERENCE. Conference of the Church, held during this month, was- one of great interest and had a yery large attendThe weather was particularly fine, ance. and President Lorenzo Snow opened the conference on the morning of the 6th of as clear and resonant October, with The speaker as w'hen a young man. seemed to have an unusual How of the Spirit of his calling in the holy priesthood. There are .very few men at his rige who could make themselves heard in that great Tabernacle. "Other speakers weri eloquent and earnest in carrying out the counsel given by the President; the law of conse cration and the law, of tithing were ;and .expounded,' paragraphs were read in relation to these subjects from the hcfn'ne an Covenants, also the Millennial Star, and much good instruction was given by. President Snow, his counselors and the The music throughout the Apostles. meetings of the conference was of an exalted character, the.. singing at times particularly partaking ' of a divine power. This was very marked on Sunday afternoon, when the choir rendered the favorite hymn of the Latter-daSaints, "O, my Father, ". which invariably touches a tender chord and awakens the most sacred emotions in the hearts of those who listen. The authorities of the Church were presented to the assembly and sustained by unanimous vote of the multitude, including the officers of . all. organizations auxiliary thereto, the Relief Society, the Sunday School, the Y. L. M'. I. A and the Primary Association. '. over-floArt meeting was held simultaneously with that in; the Tabernacle,; where, the same good spirit prevailed, and the speakers were equally. blest with a portion of the Holy Spirit. The people cannot but be impressed with the declaration of President Snow, that the Lord manifested to . t M,A..uti, mat lit anuuiu icaiu iuc pcupic iu uubLive the law of tithing; and it must be a great consolation to those that have been neglectful of this law that the Lord, through President Snow, lias said He will forgive the Latter-daSaints for this past negligence, if in the future they will observe this law, but He will not look with forbearance upon further negligence in keeping this law. .Preside nf Srtmv rdncprV liic rpmartc tinnn this subject on Saturday morning in the following words: Semi-Annual ex-plain- - 1 1 KHLIKl- - SOCIETY. the exhibit would be quite impovqb!e our "columns, but we can brieu exr.rfcpleasure and delight that the shoeing was i- -, The Relief Society' Conference was held in morning aftenroou and evening, twenty Stakes out of forty were three-sessions- - , represented, and all were reported favorably. The morning meeting was devoted to officers altogether, many questions being asked by those from a distance and answered fiom the stand by President Z. D. H. Que of the subjects Young and others. presented was in reference to the nursing class which' Dr. Roberts will teach under the auspices of the Relief Society, and the presidents in the northern part of the Stake were" notified of the offer made to them to iend students this fall, classes to commence in November, and continue seven months. The good work , of the" trained nurses in this Stake was alluded to and commended. There was a very good attendance in the afternoon a:.d evening, and the meeting in" ti e afternoon was favored by a solo, given by Miss Bessf? Kdmonds, accompanied on Miss the organ by Professor Stevens. Kdmonds .has a clear sweet voice, and rendered pathetically ".Eyes That Are I Weary." In the evening, Mrs. Mary F. Kelly, leader of a choir of young, girls, furnished the music; and it was pleasant to hear their rich, melodious voices, and added Mrs. greatly to the effect of the meeting. is a very efficient chcir leader, and Kelly the society feels greatly indebted to her and her choir for their vocal and instrumental music. Minutes of the conference will be published later. ed . . y ' w m 4t-- . y "Tim ci!r; Fairs in Utah, past and present, nr.-- thap'the Great Giver .of all good'for.l. :in to enjoy the distinction of being anujuVtif S iae promoters of the first Stale Kxp, 'on m ITl'ili flnrl nftrr n ffvv mnn n rr. , e in?, he declared the Fair formerly opened' enemies. All mankind are our brethren an4 sisters, and we are not to seek to de-stroy them. If those who are now contending against us only, knew whit we know, they would cease to contend against us; and sometime they will know. so creditable as a whole, arid in many par. ticulars excellent. THE FIRST STATE FAIR. The Deseret Agricultural and Manufacturing Society has this year given solid evidence of enterprise and hard work in carefully preparing and manipulating most successfully the first State Fair,, which opened in the Exposition Building and grounds in this city, on Monday, October 2, at 2 p. m. There was a very large crowd of people present at the opening exercises. Held's baud discoursed fine music, and there were seated on the stand, Presidents Lorenzo Snow and George Q. Cannon, with several of the Apostles; President Winder, of the D. A. and Society; Secretary Hammond and some xother State officials and directors of the society who had been active in the Fair work. V President Winder called thessernbly to and introduced order, Father Kielly who offered an appropriate prayer of thanks--givinand gratitude to God for His bless-- and mercies to the people of this' ings State, acknowledging m fervent earnestness Ihs divine love and wisdom. Secretary Hammond made a brief speech in which he stated th ucf vov. w ells said before leaving for the Hast to welcome the nation's heroes, was an expression of regret at not being able to be present at theopening of the Fair - -- The speaker was proud to welcome the of Utah to the State Fair, and madepeople some happy remarks and suggestions suited to ' the occasion.. g tl-m- t - "-. J. . The woman's depart-- ' ment made a good display of (inc lace, embroidery amFelaborSte faacy work of various kinds. The silk, exhibit was especially good, though we cannot itemize, yet every one must there xieedlc-wor- k, K-e'Un- is in this industry a potent factor of future wealth for Utah. Mrs. Margaret A. Caine with cocoons and silk. inx all its preparatory stages, and its final development in dress goods, etc., and.. Mrs. Hugh Dotiall with her practical methods and results, and her fine and elegant pillow lace of silk, made one anxious push the silk industry fo- . The Winder stated e p-- " President is ready to bestow upon us his choicest blessings. We are not to contend with our t- - rward more effectually. . The educational showing was excellent and s.peakswell for the future of the children of our new State along these lines. There were , some good specimens of painting and coloring on canvas and china that showed distinct talent in this direction, a few were particularly gocd. Perhaps there is too little encouragement given in this line to induce those who have gifts, talents and inclination in this dirtctbn to devote time and care to make finished artistic work on canvas. The china is much more mechanical and requires less skill and . pai'nstakiug. There are many things one would like, to mention, but just now the daily papers have given considerable space to the exhibits. However, we cannot but admire and- - diligence which the persistency the lady directors, Mrs. Bamberger and Mrs. Fox and their assistants, have "shown in their untiring work to niake the best display possible in the Woman's Department. Let us hope that greater energy and effort may be made by the people another year,to bring together the best products of the State along all line of art and education, as " a stimulus to greater industry, enterprise and culture. President Winder and the secretary, no Hon. S. V. rSears, who have-spar- ed pains, and,', in fact, the entire .board of directors, are to be congratulated on the success of the first Fair in the new "State. EDITORIAL NOTES. EviiR since returning from abroad, we have intended writing up interesting incidents of the tiip, especially the sea voyage and interviews with distinguished people, also descriptions of places visited and other details that are really worth mentioning; but' so much has transpired that seemed of greater consequence, that from time to time the matter has been delayed. In the near future, however, we expect to publish a series of articles that will give our readers a good idea of the International Council and Congress, and the many wonderful women from all over the world who met in London . on this great occasion. So many of the subscribers are anxious to have written ac. counts of the places abroad that we visit e 