( tjrevMteil. v (,- T WOMAN S Cull's t.Mi? report and. greeting .urs. KmmclLne. Ik-Well- s. - . . 1 . -e- s-iou p-- i - -- a-" ' - words,-"Daughter- , - humiJohn Ashman. Singing, "Joseh'i s,,,;,,,,. the sufferings of oursol'diers, and the ward clioir. liation endured by Washington, wliem even, First Prayer; oy President Ira N. Hinckley then his friends and Congress seemed disposed, A most interthe society. Said he was ph v to to criticise and blame him. ' Mrs. to listened had delivered by was many here, esting address !..firf.w Tim v- of New Teisey, upon lue structions froui the mothers in I- l . ' '11! - -- this. AY4$.a ilue dnstit .u timyojnb? iy .r 'X' Society and what it poor ana necu , ine sien arm a.;.:.;tcd th "Out West spokerpon tl;es'e s:' a'on-fnr " ' .The closing toast, "After great responsibilities rested up Adalme ters, that the "sisters by the "beddde of C. All" was' responded toby sheMrs. summed up SICK oiicn gei ureu, uiu uiey ne er c'lvt- v.' In her response .'sterling: in every The secretary then read the the progress women were making fact the first organization of the Re. f.Sc.ci-y. field, calling particular attention to the cud no Mrs. Mary Henry rendered an i; that in this generation there are of selection entitled M World's Fair arch." maids. There are bachelor girls, plenty Patriarch John Ashman ad.lrc-e- d t! 'them, and unmarried women on all sides, by-- , a of a rehc as maid old foTloni but the society. Among othei things l.e'su-gf- -our with that we get clothing that is ,n,t entirdv gone age, is quite out of keeping march." worn out and make them ov.r into ceo 'present, progressive in ' of stay theremainder my fortable clothing for the little. o;:ls Duringbe octo continued 'the time 'Philadelphia The chojr sang VCome let us rejoice we and throughout in sight seeing, cupied Sister S- ij h ja.k. day of salvation. Utah the entertained, most were royally of son read' a selection entitled ''Kve:;::; delegates being the constant .recipients "Sister Mary Payne Our reception Thoughts." the most marked attention." daughters sang a sacred song entitled. "I arid.treatment left nothing to be desired. will love the Lord with all my heart," On the morning of Saturday, April 29th, President Helen M. Caliister then read as I left the other members of the party and sketcluPn Pioneer Life. Brother started for home, they intending to remain original The Tod Ashman sang "Break the Xews Genin the east a few weeks longer. Counselor Ki: Wide: tly to Mother:" homeward trip was rendered exceedingly read an article about our sifters just rinteresting by my meeting with many pereturned.: frojn. the Worn a njs Coujril Jr. sons eager to hear something" about Utah, also made an address, S:strr with special reference to the "Mormons." Washington, Lizzie Paine favored us with an ins'.rj. This gave frequent opportunity to explain mental selection, "Nearer my G d to The:." 5 w.n c:VHtal!'-- proentcd iy Mis- Julia Farnv.vorth, anil was received with approval. When the fi r'st'vic,' r e s 4 t g ennui, Miss A is' rrTgiri7xd" Sieri7:ig-wli- o. as the" wittiest woman among the society ..'leaders' aivl is exceedingly popular-ar- ose words "and expressed herself i:i well cho-er- i of praise and good wishes tor the future o our ..cicty, concluding with the vish "that the little routs jointed in the beautiful western soil.' would shoot up into magnifi- cent trees." The, secretary general then presented several resolutions, the 'most important of was one from the .society Daughters of the American Revolution, asking lor This request a union of the two societies. was emphatically objected to by the Daughters of the Revolution and consequently rejected. Oth:r society businessof the concompleted the closing ven lion. The Pennsylvania Society, I). R., had planned an interesting program tor our entertainment during our stay in their chief city. It was as follows: Promptly at 9:30 Tuesday morning a merry party left the Hotel Stratford and proceeded to the city hid lr whe re - vve we ra te sdcred .an .in) prom p- tu reception by Mayor Ashbridge, who in a most courteous imnner welcomed the Daughters to the city in a pleasant little erred to Philadelpspeech, in which he hia's wealth of historic interest, unking a fitting meeting place for a gathering of patriotic women. Trom the Cjty Hall we went to. Carpenter' Hall, where we all were enthusiastic over the historic relics displayed.', Independence Hall also received our attention, after which we went to the grave of Benjamin Kranklln, which was decorated elaborately We next, visited w ih ll wers and a flag. ..St. '.Peter's church and Christ church, where ye- sat in the pew one." occupied by Wash-- ' ington, Franklin and other "great .men. From there we proceeded to tire Betsy Ross house where we all had our pieturesrtuken in group. then returned to the hotel The Stratford and prepared for the chief event of the day, an elaborate"" 'luncheon given us by tire Pennsylvania D. R. On entering the lunch room exclamations of surprise and. delight were heard on all sides; it presented indeed a most attractive scene. The walls were draped with bunting and. At" one silk, in the colors. of. the society. end of the room a magnificent silk national flag almost covered the valL.- At the other a .large blue shield bearing the of the Revolution," in gold letters, was the center piece, surrounded by elaborate drapery. The .color 'scheme was also carried out in the6 table decorations, yellow, ilowcrsdn blue bowls being .On'eaeh table, together with yellow shaded candles - and quantities of blue and yellow satin ribbon. Even in the menu the patriotic ob- ject of the gociety", was kept in mind.'' for "Liberty Punch'.' was served in little DbeT-ty Bells of blue and yellow. Following the luncheon came a series of toasts. The first was "An Optimist's View- of Our" " by otir President Gent Country's Future, eral, Mrs. Snow, who .briefly outlined the history of our country, its' advance and gain injerritory and culture. Under the i s 1 . -' -- -- - -- - -r 2 . I greatly enjoyed this excursion and those with whom I conversed appeared to be favorably impressed with what they heard. to such the religious faith of the Saints. ANNIVERSARY , II. E. Bowschur described touching! v Picnic was then passed and a short inteThe choirs, rval spent in conversation. '0, Trust irUbe Goodness of God." The secretary, Isabel Iv. Robison, then read a Snow. Maui-Xl- manuscript paper containing instructions 0:' President Joseph Smith to the Relief Society, statistics and history of orgafliati:: in Utah, its growth, labors, etc., also led organization. Song by Sisters Lizzie Ashman and Annie Carling entitled "Gtstls Annie." Sister Angeline Hinckley addressed the assembly, urging all wV overs not members to 10m 4he society. Audrtis i by Brother Ova Peterson. .Sam t.iafshould hold all characters sacred,, etc. Maggie Starley recited an excellent .px--K. entitled "Count Me." Sister Del lah Olsen read an original poem, and Sister Phebe Heurv saner "A Sailor's Grave. Sister Marietta Webb gave a brief sketch M.I ,,r me 01 tier giauuiuuii'ti, ine i:r. Cleveland. Mr. Tod Ashman sang. Prudent H. MrCallister invited all the .s who were not members to join our society. Brother John Jackson., and Brother Coc a elos::? sang a song. Brother Farth made address, the choir and congregation "The Spirit of God like afire is burn SYRACUSE. , Our worthy president felt .desirous that our. proceedings on anniversary day be briefly reported. . A. meeting was held in the house commencing at 2 p. m., President Mary Ann Walker presiding. The choir After invocaled in singing the hymns. tion by Bishop Cook President M. A. Walker read the minutes .of the organization of the first Relief Society meeting: During the meeting Sister Mary I. Kerr (having been present at the meeting when the Prophet Joseph, organized the Relief Society) made some interesting remarks upon the same subject. The program consisted of appropriate songs, readings and recitations by members of the society', and some of the younger people. There were also instructive and encouraging addresses by Bishori Cook and each of his counselors. The program was well rendered, and all present felt as expressed, by Brother Jas. G. Wor d in the opening of his well delivered speech, "It is In the evening a pleasgood to be here." ant pany was given in' the meeting housed The ten cent fund has been responded to by three fourths of the members enrolled. ' - r Maria Cook, Sec. waid-meetin- g " - ; . FILLMORE CELEBRATION. 0! of Relief Society anniversary, meeting, held in Fillmore. wardmeeting house, March iythr iSgqv at 10 a. m President Helen. M.. Caliister presiding. The singing was conducted by Prof Wm. Beestoii. Sindnp- "Hrdl to Uu.'PrAni, by the ward choir. Prayer by Patriarch Minutes- 1 1 h . and benediction was pronounced by Brctfr ' John Cooper. c. : I. K. Robison, Mrs. Frances H. Howard, of thee England W. P. A., read a characterisnu. : trenchant oaoer on uur enuw, last literarv meetinir of the The paper', will be printed entire Club Woman. T TotiHrcftrt tViP wife of the J r.5f Inf viceroy of South Australia; man. Her Tinnip when sh laureate's son, the gom Hallam Teo Boyle, in 188.1. was Andrev :.Florence . CVa i '' famous fjghting family pt Lorx. ,u mother ot three sons t wo 01. is-a- - - Mrs. EXPONENT -- ' T England.; 'i -- -- " 3 ! i 