ROMAN'S. FXPONKNT. about oi eiHtee!tj-2r-rrinr.- i' The onedruvback to. positive" enjoyment is thai it rains and one can: n,,t indulge in walking, or even riding as tne pi,l-'occasions i':r here in earlier the season u; !, visiting up civile-light- . S . There are some lovely little dells, and ;:riges' of logs nestled down anions ili'e woods, where women live secluded from assuredly; women who have fol- their husbands' who had come to seek in these mountain for-c- ; f. rallies imbedded And these women have political privileges not enjoyed by some of the in large cities. c-- - .u-M- p, .v.L-.- l EDITORIAL NOTES. November. Tine November meteors which were expected on the 14th or 15th did not mateiial-i.very satisfactorily,' although elaborate preparations were' made. by astronomers i:i A few have been remany observatories. ports d from different; localities, but not more brilliant than have been- observed at unexpected occasions. Possibly in the car of our Lord 1900, thy prediction ma) be fulfilled, at least, that is the general idea of of those .scientists who investigate the heaeuly b dies and phenomena. e - It the' in. How we have First was San Francisco, progressed then Hawaii, then Gauou then Manila and and wewilbhe tire open dmr ! stt-jMnor- --a- . "it- . to China.'' ' ' ? the oear ones in Idaho, au alternoon Tea and luncheon weie given in honor of the "Little Mother. 0 Wednesday, November 29, at two p. m.,, the elite of Wallace aeinbled at the home of Mrs. DaUie I). Allen, of Wallace, and although the rajn was dimply pouring down, all were punctual in coming. Knowing of tht International Council having been received by the Oueen the quadrangle of Windsor' Castle, and entertained Jy Her Majesty at an. elaborate tea (almost a banquet ) in St. George's hall, is announced that the young Oueen -- ha-..- request of the ladies and leki'edthc incident and described what we mv and remembered of this interesting .place., and personality ol the Oueen ol Great Ihitain ' and Kmpress of. India. The aPernoon was a pleasant one. Mrs. Allen did the honors graeeiull'y, and each guest h nl a card with the autograph of the "Little Mother" and a quota-tjofrom her bo of poems, "JAv7V;-- . tin J "Tea," which consisted of a JAz.y variety, of delicate dishes handsomely and the finest emserved, with broidered linen, in dainty patterns, the tables decorated, with evergreen; but the brilliant conversation of intelligent women surpasses luxuriant feasting, and to close the sweet day, music and songs were added Some of the sweetest to our enjoyment. old songs were rendered by Mrs. Allen and Mrs. Burke; a day long to be remembered. 1 as-host- ess n Vi-.- " a ; s ' g: -. -- "Let-Englan- ' the-wor- ld -- I - ought - I .0 Roll called, eigh- for a prophet.-- (io-I- , Minutes of .morning conference of 'April last read and accepted;' Minutes op officers meeting in April last read and accepted. President Young stated that the morning .would be. occupied in hearing from the presidents of the various Stakes, and made some explanatory remarks in regard to St'tke conferences being held quarterly, or teen presidents present. -- semi annually. President Susanna P. Mouth, of Pox KIdcr Stake, and Lucy S. Cardon, of Cache Stake, were in favor of conference twice a year. President Zina Y. Card, of the .V. L. M. I. A. of Albeita- Stake, stated tint in thM Stake they only held conference twice Tt year, and that there were so many organizations, that was considered lest for them. - President Kmma' J; Penncft, Bingham, said they only held two conferences in a year. President Mary A. Hyde7 Sanpete, said they had always held quarterly conferences, but alternated from one part of the county to another, which made a difference, and did not seem to be too much.. She was decision. the conform to willing to President M. Isabella Ilorne, Salt Lake Stake, thought if advisable under some circumstances, but Salt Lake Stake was so i ii mm 11:r .1 mere mucu larger man any uuici, weie but two conferences it would certainly be necessary for each branch to have an annual meeting, which would enable them to make a showing of their work. President Cornelia Mortensen, of San Luis Stake, said it had never been convenient to hold conferences but twice a year. but the sisters were alie to their duties. This was the first time she had enjoyed the privilege ot attending the General Conference, and was very grateful for the oppor' :.. tunity to do so.. Or. M. C. Robe i's spoke of having another class in nursing, students to come from other Stakes, and gave some advice in reneedful, and said that we gard to' what-was should as a people employ when', sick those of our .own faith, and made other remarks pertinent to the subject. President M. Isabella Ilorne addressed the sisters, urging them to awake to their duties and responsibilities and to attend these conferences and get spiritual strength. If the president was not able to attend send 1 1 - . -- I . ; 1 - say-du- The Ockber Conference of the'Kelief ."soeieiv was neiu in me .sail i,aKe .vssemojv Hall, in this city, Thuifday, October- 5, commeticing at iV a. m.; President j'Ziua I), H. Young presiding. Meeting opened by singing "Come let us anew."' Prayer, by President Ann ,C. WcMtdbnry. Singiiig, "We. thank Thee, . we yielded to the earnest fine-chin- CONTIKNCE; . Thanks'ivii" with Pending KNKRAL RELIEF SOCIETY ' Vilhelmina, of the Netherlands, has given her word to the Kaiser of 'Germany that she will wed none other than the Crown Prince Frederic William of Germany. W'ilhelmina is a year and nine 'months older than the Crown Prince, she was nineteen years old August 31, and he will be eigh The luncheon was given by 'Mrs. Mell rt A iep-teen year j old May 6, 1900. C. Woods, at herresidence in Wallace, on been current that she was engaged to Prince Saturday, Decembers, at half past one p. Ferdinand Joachim Albrecht ot Prussia. The rooms were artistically decorated m, carnations and chrysanthemums, of Thk Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, Secre- with colors", pink- and white mostly, and many tary of State for the Colonies, in a speech the beautiful evergreen coptis-leavethat at a luncheon at Leicester, said the country The menu cards in the mountains. owed a debt of gratitude to Lord Salisbury grow with ribbon; and carnatied were for the great improvement in Gjeat Britain's tions, and were unique in having every position; and also remarked upon the exist- dish in the course designated with a quotaing relations of America and Kugland, tion from Shakespeare, and left to the ladies "The union, the alliance, if you please, to guess, which "aiiorued some amusement the understanding between these two great and helped digest ionT no doubt. The table nations, is indeed a guarantee of the peace was daintily spread with elegant service, of the, world." He'also made reference to and arranged in "apple pie everything inand in unmistakable terms, Germany order"--f- it lor a queen; and the ladies ferred there would, be "a triple alliance be- themselves were handsomely gowned in tween the Teutonic race and the two great rich After the fun ot guessing branches of the Anglo Saxons that would 'was apparel. over, the ladies discussed their favorite o nnfont JTfJtintirM in he fntnro world noets. the book ot fiction which had im which articles of also 'He spoke newspaper pressed them most, and the greatest livjug sacred almost the not "had person woman in America, 'spared lo be sure-- , mere of the Queen." . were differences of opinion on all these Ambassador Ciioatk, at the Tnauksgi v- "questions, but they led to much thinking out ideas, and proved that ing dinner of the American Society, at the 'and bringing nowadays Hotel Cecil in London, made a significant women when gathered in parties dress and or talk" of speech on the present situation and the do not always gossip were entertalnexl in The guests 'keynote of which ! was .'the spreading of fashion. afterwards with music and sm American commerce, alluding to America, the parlor a particularly Great Britain and Germany as the three nig, Mrs Allen, who has some favorite ballads., j " great commercial nations of the world. He fine voice, singing tho' very timid, sang had asked a very brijliant woman what to and Mrs. Finch, one song sweetly, after a great deal of enThe Wallace ladies whom - we and America join treaty reply was, had the pleasure of meeting were very hands across the sea, and the peace ot woman editor, but however will be assured. " In regard to the ex- gracious to. the we cannot describe, their dresses, pansion of America the Ambassador said: we try impossible; and, therefore, we "I think ye all agree with the declaration that is quitewill not'' consider the omission of our Secretary of War, that the Pacific trust they tb'nbelaldn5r--Aliienca-irom-ungracious and! accept Jhis passingXTOticecable " as a pleasant remembrance of two happy ' parties jn Wallace. e in Law, visited .Vdt Lake Lily the hrst. week .. I mr f .otstep ( i:i . . : speak for the' Stake, and to take home the . teaching given for the building up of the ''.'... society. - . President Bathsheba W Sniith was glad to tipnr nbont the nursintr class, we want several nurses in facn- orancn society. Spoke earnestly .about paying tithing and upon punctuality, it wasan important'thing in life;- also urged the sisters to be diligent dead, said Joseph the in the work Prophet was anxious upon this subject. Spoke of our keeping our second estate, as. -- - for-th- e, , 