WOMAN'S r: the member. Mrs. Einpey's s , with v,cielccoratfti and rcirohnients vere serveuVou large and iiua !! tables wiiere guests were seated in and renewing acquaintancrcuj s, chatting ! j,t.r par-!(ir- bright-carnations- .( I6ektd radiantly President Grant days. happy as' she sat in the ' rciib"t of the feast, and no one would sus-- ' t who did not know that her years were jK.c ce - e by-gon- 50 'Id A 1 1 1 f t h7fbrnss u f bea ediy she" beautiful with Kn age." has grown A 1 ptKASANT GATHERING. b. Young celebrated hei father's eightieth birthday, 'Elder William Mrs. Amelia II. Fulsom, at her residence in this city. Mrs. Young is a charming hostess and in very much accustomed to entertaining large companies, and the affair proved to be very interesting and enjoyable to the assembled' guests, forty in number. Among them, were Prest. Lorenzo Snow and George Q. Cannon and wife, President Jos, F. Smith and wife, Apostle Brigham Young and wife, Prest. Angus M. Cannon and wife, Bishop Geo. H. Taylor- and wife, Bishop Nelson A. Empey and wife, Hon. T. G. Webber and wife, Hon. Le .Grande Young and wife, Mrs. Margaret Y. Taylor, Mrs. M. .L Chloe R. Eldridge, Mrs. E. McDonald, Mrs. Mary Gates and others. The spacious parlors and dining " room were tastefully decorated for the happy looked the occasion, Brother FuLsom of and health picture happiness, and one could scarcely believe he had seen the snows of eighty winters, so erect in figure and in .lull, possession of all his faculties, with the increase of wisdom that comes with fulness of years and a well spent life. Ike aitemoon was passed in social con versation and interchange of ideas, and whAii such old friends meet there are many recollections that are of particular former days wife,-Prest- N. H. . March 25, EXPONENT. and his wife (Mrs. "V ?!?i!l?0.iviah Clarkr in Wesr Conn., m isis.'both of Xew Eng. and birth like so many cf the mem-hers early of the Church. They received the oospel and were baptized at the same time passing through many trials and hardships together. They gathered with the Saints JlVJ2US55raiHl-sincthat linie FJdeT'Fuir som has occupied many positions of trust and honor. He was the architect of the Sanpete Temple at Mauti, and has been prominent in planning and building quite a number of public structures. He is still and is now constantly in the business of inspecting buildnigs, etc. Brother Fulsom hns n Inmr. ia.uii 01 sons and daughters, and numerous grandchildren, and is justly proud of his posterity. lT 1815, . anie-txxJie- d em-ploye- d - EDITORIAL NOTES. . - Bar-ratt.M- rs. "Musings and Memories" is a volume of poems entirely of home production. The book is sufficiently elegant in appearance for any drawing room. or library table. It contains three hundred pages and a steel It is for sale at engraving of the author. omce 01 ine trie Woman's Exponent, Tern- - pleton building, opposite Deseiet News office. Cloth binding, Ji. 25;. dainty -cover, xr morocco, 2.00. -- 1.50; The Mother's Congress will meet in mountain voles the love of. country and such ns we are convinced our forefathers and foremothers cultivated in their Hay and time in the early colonies, ' the record f which has been, handed'down to us and to which struggle they brought such unqualified heioism, after having, .sacrifbox: This in'lei mountain region is spontaneously bursting with the spirit-u- f freedom; . its phyMcal characteristics bear proof of.lhe assertion. The mountains sublimely grand in majesty are symbols of integrity, courage and solidity. Towers of strength indicating power and might; naturally the chib dreu born here, as nli nf tl v nnlv spirit which pervades the land The very air we breathe is redolent of freedom. For. this .precious gift let us offer a tribute of praise froni the altar of our hearts to the God of liberty. We can scarcely be too ardent' in our enthusiasm concerning this goodly land, 'these beaut ful vales iu the desert where a band of weary Pilgrims found rest and peace after a long and toilsome journey across the bleak and desolate plains, having been wanderers like the children of Israel for an indefinite period because of their religious faith, and like their illustrious forefathers, the foun.l. ersof the colonies on the Atlantic shore who. left their native homes and country and crossed the mighty ocean, enduring untold hardships almost too appalling for repetition because of persecution for their religion; and yet some of their descendants at a later date were forced to come hither, traversing untrodden desert ways, and finally made their resting place by America's Provi-.denGreat Dead Sea. An guided the pilgrims of New England across the mighty deep, and the pioneers of Utah to this Valley, toward the Pacific slope and the setting sun. We must teach our children such lessons of patriotism and love of humanity and of religious liberty.that they will never incline to deeds of disloyalty, nor consent to the persecution of any denomination or people of whatever belief or unbelief, Christian,'Mohammedan or Infidel. Teach the children the songs of their fathers and their mothers. "Sing aloud, Old Songs the precious music of the heart." i- -, I assembly in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Monday and Tuesday, the 10th and nth of April, commencing on Monday at 2 p. m., meeting'again at 7:30 p. m.f evening session, and at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. and again on Tuesday evening, in all five sessions. It will be very educational, many good speakers are expected besides residents, Prof. Geo. H. Brimhall of the Brigham Young Academy, Susa Young Gates, who will speak of Hawaiian mothers, and Helen interest. Campbell, the famous economist and author, The tables were elegant. in white napery whose books and lectures On relative topics, and all the newest style appointments, siich as organized labor, the Consumer's decorated with flowers and trailing green League, Woman's Protective Association, vines, and the guests were waited upon by etc., are considered among the best of our four pretty young girls in white who seem- time. ingly anticipated the wish of every guest. The banquet consisted of the choicest and ADDRESS. most delicate viands, and the "hour 'spent at' fable was a "Teach them your children round the hearth delightful one to all. Mis. AND SOCIETY D. R. STATE UTAH Carlic Young Cannon, a When evening fires bu n clear; daughter of Brig-haAnd in the fields of harvest mirth, Young, presented the guest of honor, Revolution: of the Daughters Brother Fulsoin, with a handsome And on the hills of deer. bouquet of rare So shall each unforgotten word flowers; and many congratulations Trusting, ladies, that you will believe from the When far their loved ones roam, distinguished brethren and sisters that I fully appreciate the honor you have Call back the hearts which once it stirred present were extended with ardent hopes conferre4 upon me in electing me State. for To childhood's holy home." happy returns of the day, and that. he. Regent of the Utah Society Daughters of ight live as long as life was desirable. the Revolution let ine assure you of my 'The songs that thro' the valleys green After dinner when the had re- devotion to our State, to the country, its guests Sent on from age to age; turned to the and welfare its and institutions present was lighted parlors, the piano Like his own river's voice haVe been opened and Miss Lizzie Fulsom, a future, and promise in so far as I am capable The peasant's heritage." with your help to maintain the dignity-o- f jkmghter of Brother Fulsom's, accompanied It is rather remarkable that just a short this society as a part of our lair commonshe sang very sweetly the old song, "The wealth, and hope and believe that in good period previous to the recent war with memories nf Spain the women of this nation should Poof fajth all Who have united in this society have been impressed to band themselves tofeature. of the will share the responsibility which" devolves evening. Wells read a poem written UDon us all in this new organization, of gether in patriotic societies throughout the' the occasion, which contained a sort of it a success a sa part of the General. United States, arousing the spirit of patriotmaking ism in communities and striving to learn recital of incidents in the life of the aged Society, and a credit to our own stare tor the unwritten history of the greater activity Jtteran and. the wife of his youth, who has whose honor and fairjuame we are all so of patriotic valor, and searching deep into Brother Fulsom many years. J C . fr octoKlirh fho nronoiIrKTV rT- thp wiawiau mm- ponded to the poem in a few buitu'ufa; Although we are prouu 01 oui uuuic appropriate vidua! claims o( direct lineage, whereby fks, expressing his great pleasure in ancestry and the spirit of '76 and our heri link themselves to the fathers snrl ? so many dear friends andreceiving ta2e of revolutionary fame in the past, we they might to and forefathers who preceded them, and S1 . must also look to the future and seek eYit congratulations. in -- these secure perfect recognition of; inherited right other Fulsom was born in Portsmouth; ibster nourish and cherish, over-rulin- g . old-tim- -- e j m . f -- " " " , ti-1- io rt-iv- i, -- 1 . I 1 iW ce . 