WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. 3 r- - the trouble and persecution' with the Saints tween Tarrytown and Sing Sing on the tlie smoke denser, and in the confusion she .,.M that day to this, and never wavered in mv 26tll of Tune. ma Tin dnv wv inn contrived to get away jfroin him. I was married to dideon I laden Carur, i: .: I I ami ra1i f )eh f he "imtire braced "hcrsel 'against was killed by: a " "Fis love," she whispered to herscdf, Widower, Jn year, is u; j ; . . , r: .'. ..1: , jnttbe battle of .Crooked River, Missouri, pcnuui" ui.iness aim weakness wlueli as she ran madly '011.' "Kove.that lias I have passed j through many scenes where "crime over .her. When the" morning come to me, and I've sworn nevcr-tgive ,'.c power of(Iod was liianifest in a marvelous dawned a the God me 4') ; iitN-tw.-l- v -- I . . 1 , " -- stifling atmosphere fell'iipon band of men as they picked" tip traps for the skirmish. Deborah's comrades rallied her oil Iter white face and haggard e es, but she made no answer. ouly went about her 'duties.-- When the order came to move, she was alert with energy, though pale as a 'ghost. Kvery bit of life centered iii her eyes, wjiich meeting the soldiers as they spoke to her, fairly dazzled them. "Jove," one man said to a companion; "jf'onlv a woman had such eves, I'd wor- de'ree. Mie lived in 4h home of Bldcr Carter (whom ;c afterwards married)' during the illness and .ith of his wife, Hillah Harwell Carter. I again ,,,'.e from her own. writings: "The day l,Tore she died, an'anel of the Lrrd , to her, telling her that her Ixxly ;;. ministered !;n'.d'l sleep in. mother earth,' but her spirit should i. to, the paradise of (od and rest until the morn-- i ami should' then be f the, first : in the kingdom of exaltation a enl to glorious ni received the vision on She Father. Ur Heavenly. of There a bright, sunny morning, the 1st April. in six children her the and ersons v. . re eight who the witnessed the at time, glorious light IIHlni which filled the room and' transfigured her beautiful countenance while she t.'dked to the angel, which occupied one or two minutes;. She talked frci-lof what the angel said to her, until she died. I testify this to be the sacred truth, for I was one ei the eight ersons present." She also testifies that a few years ago, when to die by her family ami frit uds, that the J yen up power of the Lord rested npm her. telling her that her work was not yet finished, and she was healed in an instant. After the death of her husband, she was married to Isaac Higbee for time and eternity, and was with him at Provo during' the Indian troubles, keeping the jxnvder magazine under her .bed. W hen driven with the Saints from Missouri, she 'carried her baby in one arm, and' her bundle in the, other. She'was the mother of eight children two bv Elder Carter, one son surviving; and six by Elder Higbee, three of whom have passed away; and three daughters now live in Salt Lake City. She also leaves several grandchildren and great grandchildren, and one brother and two sisters. T!ie experiences and good deeds of this noble It is said she, has Woman would fill a volume. "been a mother to six families, all of whom love Peace to her ashes. her and revere her memory. Peace, peace, she is passing away, Hut through the gates to eternal day; Do not disturb her, 'fond heart be still, Gladly she listeth His will to fulfill. ; Peace, eace. , ; i j i ! ' , ship her." Deborah heard and was afraid, afraid of She could not see the being found out. man's face, for he was turned from her, but she saw that he was of higher rank than a,, private." .His voic- was pleasant, deej) and manly, not easily, forgotten. She took her place-- with the rest and was soon in the, thick of a desperate fight with the British. "She felt her strength . v . - , . failing, herdhiKbswam, the whT?sc of the bullets. sounded deadly, the hot sun in her face for it wasmidday now thegroanof the wounded filled the air and with a the woman' s" horror and tenderness-for she)f ten j !" help With a prayer on her lips she sped on. She looked backward,' but her companion, tall and stalwart,' though he was, could not be seen. Was he wounded? There was yo tinte-foconjecture, she must de-- ! fend herself as best she could. Before her, ever onward, she fancied Mis thoughtful eyes bent him near her. upon her and his voice bidding her stop. .But this was only a dream, and she found herself in a dangerous noMtion with hissing missiles falling about her, ami dense smoke blinding her. With a groan she put- her hand to her arm, and saw blood ooin'g through a great rent in her sleeve. She was wounded, though slightly. The intense. it was someShe bound up pain how and rushed boldly on, stumbling now, however, for tlie loss xf blood and the heat made her stagger blindly; 'then she was drawn forcibly back. She began to lose" consciousness. The fear of bein r discovered forced her to keep partial con trol of her senses, and she was aware being led 'out of danger. ' Wait, wait," she gasped. Some one pressed a cup to her lips, and .she drank deeply, which revived. her. She looked at her companion. It was he; calm and authoritatively. bendingaboveher A great fear took possession of her. She must keep xiway from him, keep away from the dangerous contact of his detainup my liberty. ' - 1 1 - 1 she-wa-s .paused to smooth a dying comrade's brow or hear the last words of another, and thus she struggled on, finally making her way to the front ranks. Now desperate with the heat and misery about her, and wishing to end it all, what easier way. than to be shot down, serving her country. So she made her ing hand. "Don't .you see," she said "I'm all She felt sudway persistently forward. right. The wound is nothing, nothing, I denly that some one was dogging her footsteps 'closely, now on this side, now on assure you." She tried "to be brave, "though" .that.. She did not turn to see,- but was He trembled. He was aware of it. conscious of this presence 'near her. Out of the darkness, mis'ry and din, Come Rob, you are talking nonsense. was not her usual comrade, she was sure, Into the light and glory within, I am to take you to going yet she would not turn to ascertain, so along.with me, ' They alone enter, who've battled and won. well of a safety. place They who have earned the glad plaudit eager was she" for death to release' her from led done, He her r away, and she was top weak her misery. Peace, peace. He made her rest beneath a to protest. As she reached the foremost skirmisher, tree, while he went to others who were Hushed be your mourning, reverntly bow, a hand- - was laid on her arm. She discovered his a commanding voice said, a wounded near by. Only the clay remaineth here now; "Stop!" has' tledrx. mother infreedom, your Happy voice she remembered instantly, the one-sh- name while she lay there. It was Ben Shout', shout, llallnjah I she is not dead, ' Gannett, and he was the surgeon of the had heard in the earlv morning. Peace, peace. brave soldier, as well, in the "I will not !" she exclaimed rebellious-l- y, regiment, a cared-foRrrn M, Fox. As the wounded. r service, and trying to jerk away from. him. It. means she observed him, strong and yet gentle, "You must not go on to the other, a longing "Be reasonable, moving7rfont'one he continued. !" death THE OF A WOMAN DEBORAH SAMPSON entered her sotil to tell him who she was.t Robert." REVOLUTION. "What business is' it of yours, let me His earnest face and wonderful' courage affected her forcibly, but she put the go," Deborah said, averting her face. BY ALICE BURKE. re"Rob, you are wilful. Here, look at temptation from her, and rising with (Continued.) me, lad." The soldier forced Deborah to newed energy, she went to him. "I thank eon," she said frankly, "for Her head and "meet his glance. Within a few days Deborah posted a let- raise her failed her as she did so, for the eyes what you have done for me, but I must ter to her mother from town, heart of grave join my comrades on the hill." A por- regarding her with an expression where she got permission to go. "Not yet, Rob, not yet," lie said. earnestness, were clear and of a dark blue? tion of it read: "I'm sorry, but you must not try to eyes which seemed ta master her soul and Dearest. Mother: hold her in bondage. .Her own fell before stop me," she said firmly. Dr. Gannett saw it was useless. I am in a My them, she breathed strangely family. large, "As you will then, Ihit don't be reckiperiors are indulgent, but demand punetilous moved, she scarce knew why, and for once obedience and propriety of conduct. Think when you're on the less, Rob. her indomitable wil failed her. there's some one cares whether There was a little more and then she "Well," she asked slowly, "I'm Pok- battlefield, wish ?" you live or die,, for I do," he said gently! signed herself, "Your loving runaway ing at you, What is it you' The words were scarcely uttered when The wayward manner, the restless , cuuu, lJeooie. her he feit her burning hands clasp his, while She gave no address, and of course glance', of the handsome' eyes puzzled a soft kiss touched his hand. 'Twas Deboved no answer. She grew restless be- companfon. lie eyed her curiously. Debobefore he could speak she rushed cause no action was given her in the differ- rah knew he was studying her, and with rah but hand. away with her riflein-heent engagements. This reached the Col- an effort recovered herself, raised her eyes, "A strange boy," he 'muttered, and lie and met" his boldly with tlie same light in then onel, "that Bobbie wanted to fight." proceeded with his work. with a scout- them which he had seen once before. cent her out almost suffering, -- - -- her-voic- e . e , ) ! . -- . an-outlyi- ng . -- well-regulat- ed " ' 1 . . : re-c- ei - ! r v instantly Stony ing party to cross: the, Hudson-a- t Point. Finally some: real fighting came her wavT She en erased in a skirmish be- - . ; Iv-heav- ens, ""hesaidrrstill-holdinc- r and but here the bullets grew tuicker, her, "you' re a strange boy if- -" and if Little-more-happen- ed 111 tins tirst attack. Deborah escaped with her life, and only he slight wound in her arm. She evade : ' 