WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. : , with osopher ahd prcacherof rrgh.tcoiisness, He the sailor and native man of the Island. women. The .first: has m irried two died,.' leaving him a lilthv daughter one month old. The second has borne him three sons. The girl, now four, years of age, was-i.Iactd in our eldest daughter's charge.a very learhed sprightlv child". She had never which one word of Ki.ghsh from her father, With her to tts;s;'cnRivvrv surprising. new teacher she made rapid improvement. could not help admiiing his bis mind. in I knew. his faith 'devotion. in thefcospeJ, and .he .felt a 'solemn pleasure surveying the features of the murdered I Wophet and Patriauh. The island sixers have great frith !" he t consecrated oil, w hich w as blessed by leavIhigham Young previous to our When J told them ing Salt Lake City. from whence it came and the designs of it, chil- they would invariably, bring their silk dren to me and request me to anoint them with the holy oil, nothing doubting bill a cure would be effected; and, according to their faith,. (Tien was it done unto them Their habits of devotion' are really com mendable. At all seasons of the year they rke at earl v dawn. The first exercise is to call .the family and fall upon ..their knees in i.raver. Often before their, hrst meal, they ring the bell and go to the house of worship, read a chapter in the bible, sing' a hymn, and, if their teacher is present, they ask' questions upon portions they do not fully understand, .seldom- continuing their exercises more than a half hour. They make , sometimes calling all within i-l- . - - ; . many-feHsis- ' 1 () lK' r -- -- ! ! - 1 1 1 1 r-- ! . e h . -1 :. ! T-- x-- -r- orabhl T - i x and adviseil the sisters to lak. Kxvo. n'Knt and read it, etc. I). IC Dudley siKjko,..of the J .;; ty oft.f. fields of flowers and the grand. .u'r of inountaru's aVul streams' and the' rij Miit"(' of the divine work we are engain d mour Father was a't the helm." S; oVc fi blessings we enjoy, and of the abur.d.mee of the crops on the dry farms of h,f cr Said the Lord had opened the windowscf heaven and" ioured out such b!ev ':i:.rs tj, we could hardly contain them all, as v.yw had to move out. into tents and vwi ' grain in their dwelling houses. .In one i:;. stance their building burst, and th.- .rTa;;'j ran down hill and filled a :avinv Prtdic-tionof the Saints of God were being litir. ally fulfilled every day. . A VISIT THROUGH ONEIDA STAKE. f Franklin, Idaho, July 12, iS;. President Klizabeth Fox and Counselors Mary Hawkesand I). K. Dudley started on their .annual trip' around the Oneida Stake, Monday, June 12, 1S99. They held their first meeting at Fair-viePresident Phebe McNeal presiding. The meeting opened with the usual exercises of singing and prayer.The subjects sjxjkcn upJii were storing grain, building granaiies, paying, tithing, education of our children and' preserving the virtue and A good health of the daughters of Zion. spirit prevailed'. Several of the local sis ters bore faithful testimonies. After, enjoying dinner and sociability with President Pkehe McNeal, we pro ceeded on our way rejoicing to Weston, where at 2 p. 111. we found the sisters all assembled awaiting us. Bishop Clark and Counselor Michaelson met with us. which was much appreciated, for it seemed to give strength and confidence to have our brethren meet with us. ' President ClaYk not being abie to be present, the meeting was presided over by her first counselor, Andrea Larsen. A good spirit nrevailed. President Pox was the first speaker. She was sorry Sister Clark could not be present. as glad the bretnren were here so they could hear-Wh- at was. tauerht to the sisters in their ward; gave .much timely instruction; also read the instructions to the Relief Society which were published iu the Kxi'QNENT of May' 1, iSoo, and advised them to be kept in their record for future reference in their society Counselor Mary Hawkes was pleased to see so many present. She could heartily endorse the remarks of President Fox. Counselor D. Iv. Dudley followed. Advised the sisters to take care of their health and to teach their children to lie self supporting and assist them to acquire a useful education. President McNeal. of Fairview, advised the mothers not to worFso hard; said many things could be neglected. Give a mother, time to care for her little ones. Bishop Clark wished to encourage the sisters. Said the sisters were good to the sick and poor under all circumstances. Counselor Peter Michaelson appreciated the Primary workers and ail who were engaged- in instructing the young. We were kindly entertained by Sisters Preston and Larson for the night. Tuesday morning early we continued our journeyrto Dayton. The air was coorand bracing.consideriugit was the very of June. At 10 o'clock we met with nth the Re lie! Society of Dayton, President Sarah . w, - -- . ! j . - other times they send the food to their kindred' and .neighbors, and. a generous share to their teachers. On January 4th, 1S51, Ivlder Grouard made a gieat feast to celebrate his 33rd birthday. It was held at his own dwelling About one house, a very long building. The food hundred people were invited. was purely- - native, with the exception of fifty mince pies, which the missionaries' wives contributed. The guests were not. assembled until the food w;as all arranged Inid tli(j- wlinlf loiurlli T.ili UiTC in ... nnlt-of the building, large leaves laid for plates, likewise plaited for tablecloths. Through the Centre was laid the food, a cocoanut at each plate; the shells being a" bright orange contrabted beautifully with the green leaves. I shall never forget the admiration I felt as I gazed upon" that table spread upon the : ground Never in my life had I seen anyMats were laid for the thing to exceed it guests to be seated. A few there were who had knives and forks. All present seemed Mr. Grouard rendto have merry hearts. : . .... . ., r i .. ereu uhuiks j10 it.. ine unai uibpuber ui events, that he had lived to see that joyful day, even to "greet so many of his friends from America and have them present on that grand occasion hep all had leasted to a fullness, and while remaining seated, Mr. Grouard arose and addressed the assembly in a most appropriate manner: He referred to. his long confinement oiuthe Islands, believing it to be his duty to remain there till the Kldet s were sent to relieve liim. Thirty-thre- e years of his life had passed away; truly Ills life Jiad been an eventful One. He felt that the Lord had heard'his pray- ers, in that he had lived to see the faces of so many of his former friends, and to rejoice with them in the midst of a humble and loving people, whose hearts were .. Warm towards us and were ready to re-- , ceive the. truth. Thirty-threyears from that day, when he should have attained his sixty-sixtyear, he siid, ' 'I will make AH present, if living, another feast." should be invited; We all responded a hearty amen Mr. Grouard is a gentleman distinguished for beauty and graceful appearance; though too much from society by being excluded lie nas acquired 100 large a snare ot gravity aTidEedat eitessrl I rcmnHhe tlie Were cheered by the. warmth of a coal fire . ;(.-,- j j Pre.si-den- . md which, we were much iu neqd ,.f the morning was cold. President Fox was pleased to v.;., the sisters, ami hoped all w.Te'aeuV Read the' printed UMruio-- v workers. ' - s JClder Callen bore testimony to the truth of the remarks of all who had spoken, and " pronounced the bencdirtioii". At "2 p. m. we i 'et wPh the Relief of Clitoli" ward. President i' e!i Klde-Henderson and counselors and William Garner were present and a goudiy n number of sisters. The instruction-- , the same subjects and quite lengthy, which occupied the time from 2 until 4 o'clock, after which we partook 'of the supper the sisters had prepared beforehand, in company with quite a number of sisters, and separated for the night to meet again in Oxford at 10 o'clock. Promptly on time. .Ave. met at the Oxford meeting house with a goodly number of sisters; and one unusual.. feature of the meeting was a band' of young la lies who came and sang in the choir for tin nitetmg. President Lewis and her counselors were present, and she presided over the meeting." None of the priesthood- being present, meeting was opn'td by Sister I). H. Dudley, and Sister Haws was remembered in the prayer by her request; as she was very sick. i'resutent Lewis reporteeL iier orauca as in good condition but less iu number, as ; they had organized a branch at Swan Lake on the 23rd of April, 1S99, which had taken the larger portion of tier flock. After a lengthy meeting we took dinner with President Lewis, and proceeded onto Treasure-toto fill our next appointment at We found many of the sisters 3 o'clock, The people are scattered over a present. district of seven or eight miles, which is a great disadvantage to the sisters in attending meetings and acting as teachers. They have lately completed a Relief Society building in which they intend to' hold and store erain.' All are united in the good work. We spe nt an enjoyable even i ng with Brother and Sister Williams and proceeded oh to our District conference. t Tuesday morning was balmy arid cow, all nature smiling. The grassvas green and the trees, in blossom and .clear streams were rippling down the hillsides underneath the cool shade, wending their way to field and garden, not the' river.; The remark: was made" that- some wise iiian:haa said: "He who makes two blades of grass grow! where only one grew before is " - Svd-et- y wer-o- v - . -- ' ! . , t ineet-"ing- s , - "benefact6r7;". Z Then lnOiesTgranllro jnrejy, jhe inhabitaiits benefactors to a great extent, thou.na 