WOMAN'S KXrONKNT.- 76 j Wo man s c.x ponertt ltiUJ if ;' ii '.I A7...S, . - . j r :nJ I'ub'.tiker. li-it- place of human habitation afj-r.avh" the shanties for mi- .rs Vallacf, except ur ; . ..... .... .1 up uic jinmiu.uii uic, una m uitu JiLrt and there, and from appearances one wdu!.1 imagine every "vein of gold or hilvcr in mountains had been oiened. The woods were fragrant of the piue'rer-- ! fume", notwithstanding the oilier variety ot trees were bare, tho' here and there th Vfiefy red 'Denies of the mount tin ash !.ri"l"V ened tint woods, and occasionally U:e.'th. of the sumach showed in the distance.' Oh the ummit of the highest m.itain we take a survey 01 the road belrus. around and around, ."through thi trailing; and wonder how we could h..ve timber, passed Jtbe teams on tlu way; and we ob serve the new railroad, "Sixteen to One.'' which is beintj built to' haul ore iiuiv. t lie This open ar.othLr jjrent Sunset mine. roadway nmong tne monarchs ol V forests. When- the ' ride is about half we come to 'Heaver Station, plekd ui; travelersK weary rnay rest and be sure of a The hostess. had ji:t cjine is ptcxl meal. ''from hunting with her gun. She l;.iifsh..t a pheasant, and was plu:king theleatbers as we drove.up. There was nothing hold or mannish in the appearance of Mrs Hurhan, use though evidently she knew to some advantage; and she also lives w here women have equal political privileges. Her two little girls were at Delta iu school, two or three tniles further on, where they are taken every morning and brought "hone after school hours.' Delta teems to be wore hut,, alas' the time had flal, ami very soon .' the gm-- U would arrive. , the. The library adjoining parlor was 'pre-- I : pared for the bride ami groom t() receive The bay windowthe congratulations in. iis embowered fn beauty eveu'befoie the ot happy couple stood .theie umhr.the yoke wun green coptis leaves, suitl ix ami the figures 1S74 and iSu9 in silver at oppo- ; -- " I'.:. ' . Mill v I .', r A 'vi-r- c "ii;it l. - iiflI i it s 1 S'th L.!.- $1 Oi, ti'iP ; u i i : i n;V i ,i d "1 r . ro-e- s, i v i : i i :r ti ii n. '.!.-- site corners..The bride wo,'- - I - ........ t r . i 'I . Mr- - I"., r . I : i Wl 1; it J. 111. I'Vi i I II I ' I Lki Ca, ,i ! way sun:. :o' f-- l I hurried journey by train is seldom very interesting late in the Autuuim, when gray is the prevailing color, in the landscape, and the road rurs far and away from the largest towns, only skirting the outside edge to call one, two .tr-- three minutes at stations to take on passangus, or, allow them barely time to jump oil". However, we did get a glimpse or.a muddy river. here ami there, and American Falls, which diversify the scenery just a little, and are always a momentary delightd the weary A dining car tn )outi is a positraveler. tive luxury, and when one finds it has been left at some station 1)V the way, it is sure to be disappointing. All things considered, the trip to Northern Idahnwas ' pleasant until we had to change from a Pulman to an accommodation train and stay over night at a country hotel. However, one who A I .S-t- IlL J VllViV. ID LMI I I j liVlli- - j j ! j i . - -- ih-.- ; j -- : ; ho-.v't- : , ; i ; ; ; ; j i i ; . The g tresis wheudepaiting, each in turn, in the most elaborate language and with hearty good will. . hop.d the host and hostess might live" to celebrate their eoJden . wedding anniversary iif prosperity and The party .certainly passed off happiness. PIuas:intb', and it vill assuredly be a happy . 1. .. : . nie nes auu near is otr those mciU,,13 whose anniversary was thus celebrated be cause of the" u arm fellowship and kindly feeling manifested by all assembled, 1 : ..- - j ' I j . 1 I jj j I i OVKR Till: MOUNTAIN. ; o . 1 mueu-Miuhiim- e and.-alwav- The house was decorated so profusely if was like a fairy bower '.of vines and flowers, artistically arranged and festooned, a real work of art; in such an Kden .one have hoped to see one of the "divine might nine," T .1 1 1 iM-.iu- 41 e, ? j i- -- " - . g . f After a week spent with the dear ones at Wallace we must needs go over" to Murray to p iss a fe w.days. The journey has to be taken bv staee. u. o I twenty-twmiles over a mountain road through mining camps, and winding: around is uttletield arid Daddy ville, where there high mountains. At this late season the has been in former days, if not so mining is so not beautiful as when . the successful now. Chess is a mine still; in scenery' woods aregreen, or when the . frost has with ''great expectations" of its' tinged- - the leaves and shrubs with all the operation, near future. bright hues possible- to imagine The rain To one. only sojourning temporarily there had been pouring for a few days and the ts"a sort. of restfulness in the singing of the niud made it difficult driving. Some impines and the murmuring of many rivulets; provements were noticable, ;a fine three itirt tV rrrnff" rrc 1... Am1mngJnUl7atMo,1archr the first readily or of dreaming, there is abundance c , of a mining village than Beaver, more houses", stores, saloons (these abound where- ever mines are worked) and. at the house, as we nassed through about Inlf past two, children "were out for recess, and one could not help wondering where they all lived. Farther; on .was Myrtle, another of the small towns in this vicinity, and .more tunnels and gulches, and by and by a graveyard, "the notice on the high gates signifying it belonged to the "Union," and of course, no other "need apply.'-- Pritch-- i ard creek, had been in sight for some time and Tiger Gulch on the opposite side and we began to see signs of Murray, which lies between high mountains cohered .with timber and where the pines are always sighing and the waters murmuring. In this little vale there has been much gold discovered and placer mining has been carried on to the amount of many thousands f dollars, and in the early settling here tliere u're lively times. It was al.?o the county seat. of Shoshone County until about f .. 11 n .agu vv auaee succecci-- a 1:1. . the business of the County removed there, as it is more accessible and has increased faster in population and influence. There is some mining still going on. in Murray, and the Mother-Loda famous mine which has made several fortunes for' its former owners, is still yielding its yellow dust and considered valuable property. Hydraulic works are established, here, and north of the mine is KaLle. another mininer settle- ment, somewhat dilapimted. On the south ' ' . , - I Mrs. Verona voice, two or three songs. Hillard afterwards' sang some light, airy melodies, and the "Little Mother," b urgent request, read the verses composed en route. - - quarter of There was some fine instrumental music by one of the gentlemen, and Mrs. Daisie Allen reudeied in her fine, sympathetic mg more important to be done; though when one is expected to furnish an original sentiment for an exceptional gathering of relatives and friends, one needs to be in- spired, and a railway .train and country hot'. 1 are. not specially inviting to a way- ward inline. Mere we heard the latest news from the court at Moscow" (not in Russia, but m Idaho) of the decision concerning strikers, and saw some of the men Who had been in the "Bull Pen," but were released and were 'now staying at'The Wayside Inn".t at Tekoa, Washington, where we were to pass the night. the train ! for Wallace Karly next morning . .. , . was ready-,- and we pulled out in eager ex- pectancy.of soon reaching our destination., The day was not as brigfit as we could have wishtM.l'for:tn anniversary oart'x, but the sun shone Titer on, and when we arrived iu Wallace tire clouds had nearly disappeared. live in Utah hardly realize how . i i we nave, until we go lar to the north, where lights are often necessary 'at hicrh.noou' hv fm.r ;vr afternoon in winter time. ; Several of the family were at th statmn and we were very soon greeted' by all tlie dear ones who had gathered lor the silver weddin g party. Till. sntVKK WKDDING'. We-wh- white slippers with silver clasps, and lace and silver ornaments in her dark hair. quite as lovely, but not as shy. as on her wedding day tweiuy-livyears before. The bridegroom was attired in the regulation black broadcloth and immaeuhate linen collar and cuh etc., and white silk tie. ' The two diughu-rs- . wore 'black silk tulle over black satin lespangled .with brilliants and. profusely trimmed with real lace., Many ol the ladies of the party were very elegantly gownul, and the gentlemen were in evening dress even the one or two young Lieutenants, who wore their hamlonie uniforms. The parlor, hall and dining room harmonized in decorations with the library, carnations, roes and chrysanthemums, fragrant and abundant, in every nook and corner. There were .many "handsome and some very exquisite (silver) gifts, many of them Trom other states, a well as a number given by the fifty or more guests present. Besides other delicious refreshments daintily served, ..here was a large wedding cak with the significant figures that marked the date of the irmer happy wedding party 111 the dear o d home on State Street. Alas, how much has transpired iu this military-officers,--excep- t . VHH - e Pi -- I She-looke-d All, !th, I gown covered, ith white silk tulle, embroidered in silvervboY knots, and carried a lorgnette of pearls, a delicate U'ory fan ami pale pink with lonir stems, tine uno white rost-s- . i '. a white satin w s..u,(. ' tv; V ! ! I t .1.1 liJ'-Jith- ';;' "lie Kii'. J ,' ,!'iiNFl S .i : i L'u'i O.v', Ml 1 i IS n v, ji'-- i'i id ffi f M'i;; lfl- i . f ' it ! i V it'i ! - " U I .. s - 