WOMAN'S L'il Woman's Exponent -- Rd'Uor. BMMKUNH 3. WELLS. in Salt1 Lake City, Utah. Published six months, one Terms: one copy year, J1.00; deli"-for clubs. reduction made No papers City $0 cts. far nfntifff! mail -- fr: .. . v. m'liv I I ry - Osevm.aCCti. ' j Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of oonpAreil dissp ice one time, $2.50;- per' month, J3.00, A liberal count regular advertisers. TemSouth ao8 Room Templet on, ExiONKNT oSice, ple- Street. Buisntis hours From 10 a. m. to 5 p. rn, every ,. day, except Sunday; Address ill business communications to serai-monthl- . one-cop- y - - PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, Utah. OJL't in Salt La it City, Utah, at Rntertl at tkt Post itcoud-clte- matitr. s Salt Lakb City, Ahul AND CONFERENCES 15, 1859. MEETINGS. The month of April so far has been full and running over with conferences, congresses, meetings,' lectures, entertainments and so on; and really there is a variety. The General Conference opened on Thursday morning, April 6, most auspiciousThe weather was fine, President ly. Lorenzo Snow seemed in the best of health and spirits, also his counselors, President George Q. Cannon and President Joseph F. Smith, who were present n the stand, also President Franklin D. Richards and a number of Apostles, and the choir were in good The entire session of the voice as usual. conference which included Sunday, was of the greatest interest, and the attendance each day was very large. On Saturday a priesthood meeting in the large Tabernacle, and the Relief Society held its two sessions morning and afternoon in the Assembly Hall on the same day, and there was a. larger congregation than on any previous occasion, which is indicative of, progress and an increase in members. President Zina I). H. Young and her entire board of officers were present on the stand and many .Relief Society Stake presidents, some of them from long distances. During rthe morning session President Mary A. Hyde of Sanpete Stake spoke in the gift of tongues.and the audience seemed much impressed with the spirit which attendee! this manifestation. Dr. Elvira S. Barney gave the interpretation and it was apparently a blessing and prophecy to the sisters engaged in the benevolent .work of ministering to the needy, the afflicted and the sorrowing. Dr. Margaret C. Roberts reported concerning the charitable nursing class taught by her during the last winter under the. auspices of; the Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake, and of the interest taken in their studies by the students and her own enthusiasm in teaching them and her ardent desire to see them acquit themselves well. Sister Priscilla J Riter gave something of her, experience as superintendent of the of the nurses, her plans and practical ideas, and what had been done in this department for the sick and suffering. Other speakers during the morning were President Zina D. H Young who spoke a few. words of welcome to the large congregation, expressing her great pleasure, especially in seeing so many. representatives from a distance. . President B. W Smith spoke a few words encouraging the young girls to join . con-even- . w-pr- , k ed -- EXPONENT. .'. the society, and entreated them to keep themselves pure and virtuous and serve the Lord. President jM. Isabella Home alluded to the signs of the times, and urged the sisters to beware of evil influences. President Jane S. Richards dwelt upon where charity acd alluded to the scriptures, the Lord saTdDo gooit to them' that use you and persecute you.". B. Meeting closed with prayer by Dr. R. EDITORIAL NOTES. Errata;. In the article' in April ist en titled MA Pleasant Gathering" there arc5 two mistakes the name of the - town ' ... where Mrs. Folsom was born should have been West Sufiield instead of Snf. folk, and the year of their arrival ia the - valley was- -i 860 instead of 1853. .' -- - --spitefully -- During conference time we had' the great" pleasure of a brief visit from Mrs. :.. Pratt. Hannah J.; Bailey, of Winthrop Centre more even . was afternoon The meeting Maine, on her return from California' in session the than if possible interesting whither she went last fall in search of .was M. F. Lyman the morning. Apostle health and for. a respite from business sisthe to listened and attentively present cares. Mrs Bailey was the treasurer of far from several away places were the National Council during the last four ters; called upon and spoke briefly of theirlabors. years, arid is a woman of great executive from Thomas Sister were these Among and financial ability. She was traveling Canada; Miss Millie Campbell from Banwith her brother, Mr. Johnston, who has nock, Idaho; Sister E. Woollacott from extensive commercial interests. They Los Angeles and Sister Harriet Nye from were both with Salt Lake pleased City San Francisco; President Lucy Grant from and Its Mrs. and'brother Bailey, people. Woodruff, a Stake only recently organized, conference Thursday afternoon, attended and Sister Julia Blackburn from Wayne. and we had the. pleasure of a call from Apostle F. M. Lyman addressed the conthe lady at this office, and of spending an gregation for a short time, commended the evening with Mrs. Bailey and Mr. John- He relabors of the sisters in the"society-The following stbn at. the Knutsford. vered the mothers in Israel who Had labored we went with them to introduce them so long and faithfully, urged, the young day to the Governor and left them with the women to become members and be helpful Governor's private secretary; Mrs. Emily in this benevolent work, the society should Mrs. Margaret A. Caine that not one woman should S. Richards and ' .'. . . . . be so popular be left who was not registered, it was a good thing to be registered, at least every' married woman should be a member of the Relief Society, the very first and choicest He referred to the section of the Church. meeting he attended with the sisters in Tooele on the 17th of March, with seventy four sisters, that day was the Relief Society day and would be held 'sacred in the future. Spoke of other important events transpiring on that day, and bore testimony that he came to the Sisters' Conference laden with the blessings o President Lorenzo Snow for the sisters, and that they had his love and confidence; and Apostle Lyman after saying many good things blest the sisters one and all. Sister L. L. Greene Richards spoke a few words concerning her visit to the Relief Society in Chicago, and spoke very sweetly of Sister Rosa Smith, the president of that society, who was a Nephi girl, and how President Paxman had told her she should yet preside,and his words had been literally accompanied them to the Lake in the We were very' sorry the sisafternoon. ters had not an opportunity of showing Mrs. Bailey some special attention, as she is not only a very prominent woman ia the Council, but also a very sweet and amiable person and is everywhere high. ly respected. . The Mothers' Congress which was held in the Assembly Hall in this city on the 10th and 11th of this month, proved to be of great interest to the public, and gives those who have undertaken, the movement encouragement in its future success Miss Mary as a permanent organization. C. May who has been in the and efficient in the president past has been very active promulgating (he idea, in connection with Kindergarten- - teaching, and deserves' commendation 'for- her exertions in this direction. It is safe to say we cannot have too much knowledge on the subjects of mother, child and home. Mrs. Rebecca E. Little, the, new president, and Mrs. fulfilled. Sisters Zina D. H. Young and Jane S. Emily'S. Richards,, the first vice president, and Richards each spoke briefly, and some oth- - are well known in the. community the on ers, President Ann C. Woodbury of St. will certainly ,be able' to carry ' from the work successfullv. The ladies George, who displayed some silk made at' that place; President Eliza B. Orms of Poca-tell- o uast, Mrs. WestendorL and Mrs neicu Stake; Sister Bergen from Arizona.and Campbell, are well known in a literal)' , way, eloquent speakers and good reason-ersa few others. The congregation ssng "O, and chose subjects suited to the limes my Father," and a benediction w;as procnvnounced by President Sarah Jane Cannon. tuu vuiiucuu njpuxai vvii.ii Excellent papers were given by Susa Prof. Sunday services were held in the .Taber-nacl- e Y. Gates and Amy B. Lyman, and Young morning and afternoon, and also an Geo. H. Brim hall of the Brigham talk on overflow meeting in the Assembly Hall Academy gave a very interesting' was in the afternoon, both places were crowdIntelligent Fatherhood. Altogether it ed, many remained standing during the a successful session of the Mothers' Assemand gives great hopes for the future. v entire service. The conference throughout bly, was glorious and excellent in snifitnfil teaching, and filled with wise., counsel and ANOTHER' RELIEF. SOCIETY. instruction to the people if they will but Hi hearken to the voice of the spirit. ' Persuant to previous arrangements a fair 'at representation : of ladies of this city met t Any complaints from subscribers in the; Saint's Church for the purpose. reference to the Woman's Exponent effecting the of a ReheI organization should be sent r editor office Society at St. John's, Kansasr Jan, 8, and will be promptly explained.-- ' Wm- J: Jack was present, and alter - - to-th- e at-th- iS99-Elde- is - " 