WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1& many as a thousand in an orchard. When the fruit rijens the Navajoes flock to the place like an immense flock of vultures. The buildings in this canyon consist of a conglomeration of small cells, all the houses are two stories high" aud.the lower story icfntfri'il from th rnnf. The Kstufa- - is generally circular in form, the ground plans of some ruins in the Del . Maerto show that at one time it covered consider-abl- e . "laud, there remain sixteen rooms on the ground,m addition to two Kstufas. Another where the ;ulls are still iqg to a height of three stories, this shows about twenty rooms, with three Kstufas. In the center of the ruins are the remains of a very large Kstufa, over thirty six feet in" diameter. The largest ruin in the Canyon Del Maerto is situated at the base Of the .cliff,', and is kuon to the Navajoes as or the "Blue Cow." The name was derived from a pictograph of a cow done in blue paint ou the walls back of the ruiu. There appears plainly about forty rooms with four Kstufas, and traces of forty or fifty more rooms, One of the most important ruins in this canyon is called Cassa Btanoa. It is also known under the equivaor lent Navajoes term, White House. It is evident that some of the houses were four. stories high against 'the cliffs. The lower ruin covers an area of a hundred and About forty five rooms fifty by fifty feet. on the ground in addition to a circular Kstufa. It is probable that the lower ruins comprised sixty rooms. Roof debris is especially abundant, consisting of small twigs, lumps of clay', with euds or feams projecting here or there. All the heavy walls occur either about the Kstufa or east of it. Another large ruiu is known as the "Mlimmy Cave." Near the mouth of the canyon where there is not much tillable land there are few rains, but where good land is plenty,' there is an abundance of ruins. Between the mouth of the Canyon De Chelly and the junction of Monument Canyon, only thirteen miles, there are seventy one ruins. It is impossible for a writer to convey in plain black and white any idea of the beauties of this country. , It is a land requiring the painter to exhibit its. beauties.. One of the interesting peculiarities is where a ruined house is dug into, and all the skeletons of its occupants are found in one room, and always near a fireplace. The postures of these skeletons are as various as it is possible for the human bodv to assume. They are found kneeling sometimes .with" their hands locked over their heads; stretched out straight and on their sides, and wit h their children in their arms. Hardly any two alike in the same " house. Mr. Davis of the Corralitos company believed that they were tut off by a violent earthquake, and that this great cataclysm caught them at their evening meal, as' tint was the only - occasion where they all gathered together at home. Another interesting feature is the storage and burial cists. Facilities for the storage of grain and other produce are essential in the system of agriculture, and the storage cists are found 'everywhere; It is not meant that when, the crops were harvested they were placed in these'.cisls, 'aud kept there until used; for the harvest was as a rule permanently stored in the home vil -- Pak-ashi-izin- e, Kini-na-e-k- ai , '!- " -' v . " used only for lage, and the cists were temporary storage. The number of burial cists in the canyon Is remarkable. There, are hundreds of dead them, and the remains of the Navajoe are may still be seen.1 The burial ci.sts a usually built in the corner or against "wall of the cliff houseTThese structures" are ' dome shaped. As a whole the Navajoe cists are much rrore difficult of access than the ruins, and some of them are really inaccessible. The Kiva or Kstufa, as they formerly were called, are sacred chambers in which the civil and religious affairs are transacted. And they also form a place of resort or club for the iften. The entrance to the Kstufa. is iuvariably from the roof by a ladder. This appears, to be a ceremonial requirement. The greatest care seems to be the construction aud finish of the estufa. They are used principally in the fall and winter when the farming season is over, then the ceremonies aud dances take place. Most of the Kstufas have a bench around them about a foot wide and two feet 'high. The most elaborate Kstufa is found in 4he Bands with points Mummy Cave ruin. occur sometimes on the walls, which are treated as a picturegraph.yabout fifteen .miles from Moab,.there are many rocks covered with writings similar to these. When you ask a Navajoe what became of the people who built the houses in Canyon De Chelly, he will say, "A great wind arose and swept them all away," which is equivalent to saying that they do not know. 'To understand the ruins so profusely scattered in the Pueblo country, we must have some knowledge of the condition unThere is der which the inhabitants lived. no warrant whatever for the old assumption that the Cliff Dwellers were a separate race, and the cliff dwellers must be regarded as only a phase of Pueblo architecture. The peculiarities of Pueblo architecture is that its results were always retained by emNothployment of the material at hand. ing is transported to any distance. The geological and topographical environments of the Canyon De Chelly was favored by the Cliff Dwellers as it was a good place for the practise of horticulture. The sites are all selected with a view to an outlook over some adjacent area of cultivatable land. The same sites are used today by the Navajoes in connection with farming operations. The cliffs in the Canyon De Chelly, the Cavate lodges of New Mexico and Arizona, the watch tower of San Juan, the summer villages attached to many of the Pebelos, are all functionally analogous, and all are the outgrowth of. certain industrial And the example' of a requirements. primitive people who entered the region with preconceived and fully developed' ideas, but who left it before those ideas were fully brought into accord with the environments, but not before they were influenced by it. Save Your Money . 1 ' . - ; Ktjeixa M. Rhodes. And when you pet a Hollar, deposit It with Zion'n Savings Bank v Tryst Cornpan v. the oldtt and Urgt f:iv1dh V Inirik in Utah. ;b Since the establishment of. th; bank we have opened more than 19,000 sav-- (! :.. j tv,$ aeoountii. The laws of, 1 ----- - Utah-- ' permit married women and alo children who are minora to open Havings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Hare an account? '.you-sucnot, 0eo ' . one NOW. U'e pay FOUR PKH CENT Ijj. 'jtalEST on any amount from one dollar- to thousands, and compute gaiJ; interest four times a year. WKITK for any information, desired. ' . Lokenzo Snow, Prest. 'M. Cannon1, Cashier George : Nos. l-3- Main Street. -o NOTICE. To complete ray volumes of the Woman's Exponent I lack the following numbers: Volume VII., No. 3, July 1,1873; Volume XI., No'. 16, January 15,1873; VolumeXIII., Nos. 1 and 2, June 1 and 15, 1S84; XVI., No. 20, March 15, 1 888; also Vol-um- -- . ' Romania B. Pratt, Room 226 Constitution Bldg., S. L,. City. R.E. THOMAS Removed lo 48 BAIT aid 50 Mail lake CITY. SI.. , The Leading Retail C asH Hon s e R.K. THOMAS , OREGON SHORT LINE RAIL nou TIME TABLE IN EFFECT MARCH 19,;1S. . ' ARRIVE, From Ogden, Chicago, Omaha, St. Louis, Kan?aa City 3:30a.m. and Denver. . , From Oden, Cache Valley, Portland, Butte aod San r a.m, Francisco, From Og len, Chicago. St. Louis; Om'aha'and Denver 3:05 p.m. From Ogden, Cache Valley aud San, Francisco. ,. . .. l.iO p.m. From Frisco, Milford, Sanpete and Intermediate 9:35a.m. ........... point 6:30 p.m.- From Tiatic, Mercur and intermediate points..,..,.. 6.00 B From Tooele and Terminus ......................... V DEPART. ... For Ogden, Park City, Omaha, Chicago, Denver, Kan- - ' 7:0aa.m. easCtty and St. Loui. TInt.A nhlnta.. SrOQaJBFor Orfden. Cah Vallotr For Tinf(c Xtorrnr. . anA InFtnlafannlnli . . 7:30 8:55 ' 4 ........ - .' The annual convention of the Daughters of the Revolution will be held at the Hotel on April 24. Stratford, Philadelphia, While the actual date of the business session is Monday, April 24, the meeting will .extend over the entire" week, beginning on Sunday 23, with a special service for the Daughters at Christ Church. e ' April 1, 1892, and' October 1, 1895. To any one willing to part with them I will pay ten cents a paper, but please con. municate by letter or card before sending papers. Address. - - ! T7" . i v 'For Tooele and Terminus Tralns south of Juab do- not run Sundays - DaiIy ex'cept Sunday1. f , t . , ' ,: City Ticket Office Under Masonic Hall Second Sputh5treet S. W. ECCLES,' Gen . Traffic Manager. . " ';: ;: - W, jx E. BV&lEY, . AgeDt Gen. P. and : H. BANCROFT. v ' . - Vice President and Geh'l Manager. t. ; 