WOMAN'S KXVONIvNT. eh.tstain Salt Lake on a. permanent basis; and jrt-n- good has been the resilt of the iicl'm and assistance... Many Queen' gateVays,have been' opened whereby gentle women (who' have not , (nrtunes at their disposal) can obtain indeerident livelihoods; altogether Her Majesty has proved her desire to promote the .best interests for been hii t til'.; . . the happiest advance in the position of women in the Victorian era. At a subsequent time we will mention other receptions we had the privilege of attending and some of the celebrated people to whom we were introduced, also our visits to Paris and Versailles, in France; Liverpool, Birmingham, Manchester 'ancL Nottingham, Warwick, Kenil worth, Leamington and Cambridge, Stratford on Avon ami other notable places in Kngland; and Kdinboro and Olasgo w in .Scotland. We have been asked many times lotli in Kngland and since our return to America, what the outcome of this great Congress ol women from all .lands will be,, or what great achievements will le the ultimate retoo soon to estimate sults!'' It the gains that may accrue, but it is only reasonable to suppose that a better understanding of the conditions of women in all parts of the world, and, therefore, greater cause. success for any common or That greater love and charity will prevail among womankind cannot be doubted, when such a fraternal feeling is fostered and cherished as that which prevailed so larg-elduring the entire sessions of the Council and Congress. Ultimately a great terhood of JliCWorld federation of the will comeJ.o pass by means of the processes now at work, and that will mean for all the world a higher type of civilization. l sp.-cia- ) LAYING OF CORNER STONE. KKAKN'S ST. ANN'S OR THAN AGE. ',' ( n'ur ie!n RUwlins Sena?' There hu i ;e!!!e' .! v.:i i Irt-e'- Lak. I'r. i iiii: g A , i ( nd i'"t i !V.' '.lie st'iTK-- . ar.d a 'i V v. A -- I . ' -- .A' ! 1 -- )' 1 a ! in r. . the :m it.i- - r.a.' ;;e ana , f U:c Lnited rird ov:tn this :':. (DiiW ( v, V.li ;ie eP.t, a nickel. Status of the t'l!"'A half. d.lhir and a c o:!:'. a dune, tu cmy-'Iar; a photograph .! ti.e ii it Ke--- f.. canian; a 1 Kear'N and t)U graph "t' Mr. ;!! M a iicM.rnnvc cata- children; a pamphli MaVv's aiadeinv; Salt logue of the woriv hi 'v.r a descriptive 'cataLake City; a p.mp;:' Salt A!l liaHoVs colle-- e. iUc of tlv d! k Lake City. the nrt:on The Ciint-- aet"rs iV I" '::phanav:e are Maui'-Salt Lake Cite. I'tah. A;:- -, j;, t t. 1 d'-l- h iit.-r'.a- - 1 . s - , 1 i 1 -- The address of Hisliop Scanlan was earn est, eloquent anVl tender, based upon the familiar text found m the New 1 estameut: "Pure religion and uhdefiled before' God s and the Father is this and widows in their aillictions and to keep himself unsiKUtcd from the world." The Bishop enlarged upon the subject of "What means Christianity ?" and especially applied the scripture texts " What ye do unto the least of these ye do unto me," and Love thy Deighlnjr as thyself;" also . that man was made in the image of God; he referred to the writings of St. Augustine, iii which he said "No relationship is nearer .than that which exists between man and man." The whole dkrrmrsf va exceedinu-imtpsivand might be studied as a lesson ot divine love and charity, il certainly could not fail to produce good results. It is published in full in the daily papers. After the' address, Mrs. Sutton, of Park City, sang with, organ accompaniment, "The Holy City," and .Governor II. M. Wells delivered a brfef aiukjeiling address, in which he aptly included the text, "It is more blessed to give than to receive." Hon. C. S.i Varian then presented the memorial trowel made from Silver King bullion, to Mr. and Mrs, Kearns, the founders of the edifice of which the corner stone had iust" been laid. In Mr. Variant speech he presented some facts in relation to the struggles of the orphanage in the and mid a hiirh comnlimont in ' w:'thi efforts of Bishop Scanlan and the Sisters of ; Charity. Mr. Kearns responded with many affectionate allusions to his wife and her desire to endow such an institute, her devotion, and that of the noble and Sisters of Charity,- to motherless children, and added on his own part; "'Even in my short life there was one bright moment, one ray of sunshine when I wrote the check that provided for them a home," and alluding to the .trowel, "In years to. come when" mine eyes shall resUipon this little treasure, it will remind me that shrouds have no pockets, and true 'charity knows no creeds,; and while-wenioy the luxuries of the world, that benea'fh this ' roc f, the Kearn's St. Ann's Orphanage, must never sleep a hungry child." Senator J. L. Rawlins made the closing ispeech, which was-- a beautiful-tribu- te to" heavenly charity, and the founders and benefactors of the home. He expressedlo'visit-thWatherles- . p , The laying of the corner stone of the Kearn's St. Ann's Orphanage, marks an epeoh in the history of Utah of which all loyal citizens may be justly proud; and it is .ardently desirable that other men and. worn-en- , whom the Lord has blessed with abundant means, may follow the noble example thus given by Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Reams, who made it possible to establish J more permanently this charitable institution '.founded some time since by Bishop Scanlan and the devoted Catholic ladies and Sisters of Charity,, by giving to St. Ann's Orphanage an edifice to which has been appropriately added their name. The building will be a very, handsome one when completed, and stands upon a large plat of ground sufficient for its needs in the and other purposes. wray of The ceremonies of laying the corner stone were conducted by the Right Rev. Bishop L., Scanlan, assisted by Dennis Kiely, under the waving stars and stripes, and were of a very interesting character. The, exercises opened with the singing hymn "Nearer my God to the children's choir, Miss Clara Thee, "by Folek singing the solo. Then the corner stone was laid by Bishop Scanlan, assisted The stone is by Vicar General Kiely. gray, three feet' long and two wide. ' In the box was placed a document containing the following: -- play-ground- s Vicar-Gener- al . The corner .stone of the Kearn's St. Ann's Orphanage was laid on the 2.7th day o August,-1 &mby. iiic at the time be nig Leu XIII.; the apostolic delegate to the. United States being' ArehMshop ' , Jiit-Iv.-ahla!:tliTne-jM-mii- t' ; . 1 1 - j r w self-sacrificin- , cause." RAISING MULBERRY i t n.-- ' to so good a jj;e he - i the a uiir t the corner the !! r.i:n ' hieh w as ear- - c the wish, and thought that 'others vfjiiU ic ieu iu lu.m iiitii uiwu ujjun me waters and thus dedicate a portion of their vtrdth 1!Cn tin- i ".'; ti:c I ;. - ' The exercises concluded by sin:;:;- -r national hymn, "America," in whl- II choir and audience joined. de i Cath.ilL of Aue,ui 'i, tin issued by. the ee::,1; 1 i.iu 'I im ;t'i' '!'. :: ,"' i Salt'Lake ; JIM. tin W ;..r M ' j e .'i .- r;iv-iiian- ) I' . 4 . 'a' Citv the tViuTi ' i t M. v.,-- I : til..- !' the iii.avvc ;mi l.v ...i ........ :in' i ... ; ;ty in v.: e Mi k'i:t!cv; . . I Mattim-iii- k x g - e : - AN TREES. KXCICLI.KNT KKl'OKT FROM WAV.', FJitr Woman CO. Exponent Thinking it might interest oua;:dour Zina D. H. Vo'ing, i0 k loved president, know of our success in planting mulberry trees and cuttings this last spring, and as myself and counselors have recently visited the southeast part of our Stake, I will tell you of our 'oeginning in the good woik. owns a city lot of Torrey Relief Society . an acre anu a quarter, ana mey nave. $ . ' 1 x 1 . old trees from the planted seventy, three-yea- r Salt Lake nursery, and about cue thousand yearling trees and cuttings. Caiueville Relief Society has a vity lot.' old "trees, They plauted out fifty, Jthree-yea- r and four hundred yearlings and cuttings. Giles Relief Society also owns a lot, which is not yet fenced. Brother White has planted out on his own premises, one thousand cut- and four. hu"drecJ yearling trees for the Relief Society, when the sisters get He has twenty large their city lot fenced. mulberry trees, ten years old, around his home. I asked Sister White, who is presi dent of the Giles Relief Society, to make a start next spring to feed silk worms. She said she would give it a trial. We also distributed over one hundred yearling trees to some friends in that part, wjiich are all growing ruceiy Our efforts, have been blessed jn this Most of the trees planted have direction. :rovvn and made good progress. We intend to double our efforts next spring in plantWe advised ing out mulberry trees. iome of the sisters to plant half an acre or more on their own homesteads, and told them that in time it would be a profitable investment; besides it was au obligation placed upon the sisters to make a success of this enterprise. We have offered to furnish 'oun2 trees t0 those.who cannot buy and who wiU care for them that we ma' &et " n. . this industry started. We had a very pleasant time holding meetings, tilting up tins suDject ana ting the brethren and sisters interested in our labors. The. Bishops attended our meetings, and felt to extend a helping hand. They all expressed their appreciation of the labors of the Relief Societ v. which is encouraging, for we like to have the approbation of our brethren. Yours respectfully, gei-oas- t. , Jane ;S. Coleman. An aged lady getting into a cab in Dublin, said to the .driver, "Help me in, '' man , for I am very old " Begor, matter ' what age you nra'am,-- said he, "no mM-goo- ! it." are you don't look A village schoolmaster entering school one morning, read on the blackboard the words: "Our teacher is a donkey 1" The pupils expected nothing less than a cyclone or an earthquake; sophic pedagogue contented himself with adding the Word "driver," and opened the school as usual. - ; ' 