M jn the wluie a .suitable and interesting program lor the (xxMsion was successfully carried ouL Light refreshments were daintily servrd to the I). R. and guests. EXPONENT. WOMAN'S ul ' ' anuai the Rebel Society, office of'Stake treasurer. pieiu Respectfully, Yioi.!;T ,' l " ' ; i Okie,' .. . R. S. Sec," Cedar City. Friday, January 6, there was a meeting at. the residence f Hon. Alice S. M. Home, "O.th music and beauty oft lose their worth, of member of the House of Representatives When one heart only joys in their smile-- ; in ses: the State Legislature of .. Utah now union of hearts gives that pleasure us. sion, but owing to adverse circumstances bith, the adoption of the Constitution was Whic 1 beams on 'th e darkest and'Voldest of also the reading of the inaugural earth Mrs. E.B, Wells. address of the Like th? sun on h r own chosen is!e; .Monday, January 16, the I).- R. Society It gives to the fireside of winter the light, and the regent gave met in the Tern ply ton Ti e jrlow and the glitter of spring was unaniConstitution her address and the .0, s'weet are the hours when the.foiiJ hearts was1 A Council State mously adopted. unite, appointed, and committees on Press and As softly die years in their innocent (light Decoration. and Printing Glide away on a motionbss wing.". The members of the Council are Mrs. The-- "Exponent" adds hearty congratuCarlie Yoimg Cannon, Mrs. Isalel M. Whitney Sears. Mrs, J. P. Murdoek Earns-wrth- , lations, and ardent wishes for the eternal future of such a union. May all that truest Mrs Sarah Parr Smith, Mrs. Myra love could ask for .this venerable ample be Young Rossiter, Mrs. Ella Wilcox Hyde. prosperity and theirs, of health, happiness, in this"worId , and COaiMlTTlii: an" abimda nce""of love-these with the hope in their souls of a Mrs. Alice S. M. Home, Miss Catharine glorious resurrection of lives throughout Wells, Miss Claire Clawson. the endless ages of eternity js the desire of the writer. E. B. W. o.N DECORATION. . - Hut-ti' . post-.jwne- State-Regent- d, , - ON-I'KICS- Mrs. Phebe Young Heatie, Miss Mabelle Snow, Mrs. Ella Wilcox Hyde. R. S. REPORT. T The next meeting of the society will be held in the Tempieton, room 208, on Friday, February 16, at 3 p. m., when business pertaining to the annual meeting will be transacted, audit is desirabh:aji members should le present and participate in the proceedings. It is the intention of the society to incorporate shortly under the laws of the State. The "annual meeting read and approved .1 . report was ieaa auu accepieu. President M; I. Home of Salt Like Stake spoke words of cheer and comforfto the sisters and bore a strong testimony to the truth of the Latter-dawork; encour be to diligent in our duties, aged us also look after the poor, comfort the sick, and for the mothers to watch over their children and teach them to be pure and virtuous Spoke on the sighs of the times.. Asked the Lord to bless the sisters. Counsejor Clara C. Cannon urged to be faithful in attending ' their meetings, said it was bofh a duty and a 11 . y .the-sister- s au tmnrttinl ill ruHntitKr a; the time appointed, that the angels might be waiting." Spoke also upon. humility and Said let kindness, to forgive each other. us try and bear our triatTand be thankful to the Lord that we have a place with His nlp.ititirf-- - -- a- - n people. (lad. that sin wni a niL'inber 6f the Chnrrli - LJ . of Jesus Christ and asked the Lnrd ty bless all the Relief Society. Told the sisters to attend to their meetings and they would get their reward.Presideut Rawlins of the, South Cottonwood ward Relief Society said she desired to continue faithful in this great work, aiid told the sisters to prepare for an eternal - -- ST, JOSEPH -- ' g miracle Marriage is the The self begetting wonder daily fresh." life-lon- Bishop Joseph S. Rawlins and Brother Charles Holm thanked .the president for inviting them to speak. In .their remarks they encouraged the sisters in their good work, and stated tli,:t the Relief Society was a great aid in, assisting them in taking care of the poor. President Carruth spoke of the newness of the society, knew the sisters wexe good " and faithful in the society work. Tlranked the brethren and sisters for meeting with us. Singing 4iGuide us O, Thou Great Jehovah." Benediction by Brother Charles Holm. . Believing our sisters would like to know what the Relief Society sisters are doing in far off Arizona, I will give you a short account. Our conference convened oh Dec.3, 159S, President Elizabeth Laytou presiding. There were present of the priesthood -President Apostle Abraham Andrew Kimball, Counselors William D. Johnson and Charles M. Laytou. The speakers touched on many important subjects, viz. storing of grain, building a Stake granary, as we have on hand 995 bushels of grain; on tithing, fast donations,-- , supporting the Church school, necessity of attending to prayers, looking after the poor and needy, comforting the widows and or- . . ' GOLDEN WEDDING ANNIVERSARY. stake 'Or-Woodr- -- uff, .... On Friday evening, Dec, 30, 1S98, a grand programme and picnic party was given in the ward hall to do honor to Brother Richard R. and Jane C. Birkbeck on the fiftieth anniversary of their wedding phans. . . rr It. was decided that on the evening of t. . nay. .11 was an impromptu auair, our,.' Dec. 6, we have, a Stake reunion in however, a great number of guests assemThere bled to enjoy themselves with the aged and the form of a dance and- - repast. were three over hundred present and all Numerous selechighly respected couple." a of sumptuous supper. Apostle tions were rendered, both musical and partook" O. Abraham Woodruff and Elder Seymour otherwise, and after all had feastjl B. You . . SANDWICH S, 1898, tributed to the poor the next day. All who took part proclaimed it one of the best parties of the kind ever given in Cedar City. Grandma Birkbeck, as she is known by all the young people, although in her seventy-sevent- h year was on nearly every floor, and seemed to dance as sprightly as many a woman scores of years her junior. During the festivities a purse was made. upland something oyer twenty dollars Was presented ta the honored couple with the compliments and best wishes of all present. .. Though never having enjoyed the great and irlorious btessine of children, vet thev are loved and respected, by all who' know them and have caused many a ray of sunshine to penetrate where all seemed darkness, and mide hearts beat vith renewed hope and gladness where sadness reigned supreme. Many are the homes that have been made happy by their visits to the sick 7 room. - - ; ; - Sister Birkbeck Jias filled various positidfis . . lieeWool leyTre ia ere preseiitnoa nity of the occasion. The dancing began at seven p..m., and closed at twelve p. m. ng-vv- ISLANDS. Promptly at 9:36 the Hawaiian sisters, together with the sisters from Zion, formed in line and marched to the meeting house. Meeting commenced at 10 a. ni.. President " sumptu-fmslyreaKlea- Pres.- - Minutes of the Relief Society conference of the Hawaiian mission held in the Laie meeting house, on Saturday morning, Oct. 1 1 'Margaret Carruth. the stand were her assistants: Elizabeth C. Williams, Jennie P. Musser: Ellen C. Cte The proceeds of the. party which were Anna Kaulukou and Kapu Kou. Meeting to the world. ' ' $65.00 were used to defray the expenses of opened with singing 'Joy ' two sisters who were in Salt Lake, City" Prayer by Luukia Pono. Singing on page 200 of the Hawaiian hymn book. Minutes taking a 'course in obstetrics under Dr. Ellis of the previous April conference read and R. Shipp. The health of the people in general is approved; President Alice R. Woolley spoke a few good, though this has been the coldest winter witnessed in the last fifteen years. word s of"welcome and encouragement, and felt thankful to our Father in heaven for The weather at present is delightful. ' His great blessings .to ns, that we were perSelena Phillips, "Stake Sec. mitted to meet together again under such Thatcher, Ariz., Jan. 7, 1S99. favorable circumstances, and hoped the MURRAY BRANCH, S.' C; WARD. of the Lord would be with us that we spirit be able to receive the necessary instruc-tion- s ie:anuual meeting ef the Murray branch:'- may that "would be for our best good at the 01 aoutu Cottonwood: ward Relief Society present time.; Felt to rejoice greatly in the was heklin the Scandinavian Oct. 28 hall, work of God and urged all. to be faithful 1S9S, President Margaret Carruth presiding' and seek for the spirit of the Meeting opened by singing "Now let us Lord that itdiligently be may our constant companion. rejoice," etc. Grayer by Bishop J. S Sister Kapo Kou spoke on the benefits of Kawlms. Singing, "How firm a founda' the Relief and-t- fae for tion. purpose Minutes, of the- previous annual which it wasSociety v instituted. -- - . , . . . ; - : - - , . 