WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. I LET her heart of hearty sues and US HAVH PEACE" " (;. Vh'xhU vjllc. !f :t M. :i . . ; . peace. lare assem- bly "on a .subject of viial importance to us all, I respond with hesitancy, fearing my inability to handle this great subject with the intelligence that is. due. If we look upon the world today as one great IJrolherhood, our hearts will readily go out to all for their pace, and happiness. And I hope for the success of every nation. There is in the heart of every soul a love for his native land. No melody is so sweet to him as a national air,; no music that can .stir the inner heart with greater depths; no song that makes the Wanderer's thought revert homcwaid as effectually as a song'of his own dear native land! And this is b- respected by right', and that righ't should all,- except when it infringes upon tiie rinhts of others; then it ceases to be a right, It is a hereditary tradition matured in the breast of man, to support and sustain his It is a natural thing for inmotherland. dividuals, neighbors, communities, states or nations to differ in opinions;" to aspire to. greatness above tlierr fellows; to become jealous of the capabilities that are apparent, and contention, discord and strife are engendered within their hearts, and enmity is the result. When this state of affairs is little thing to reached, it only requires fan into Hi me the burning lire of action. And that action moans, when implied to Nothing brings to the nations, heart of a patriot the .spirit of revenge quicker than an insult to his country, and This is that revenge calls for bloodshed. the. great effect of- the traditional education that has been matured m the hearts of men since time immemorial. Today not only our. beloved nation, but the entire world is in a great commotion. War and rumor of war is extant alToer0 in the words the surface of the earth;-an"Peace has beeu of the' taken Irom the earth." ..Fear has taken the place of. content. Men are called from their vocations of life .to "fill the ranks in the great battles' that are No more, you hear from the pending. shop of the smith the clang of the hammer iiuhis great brawny hands on the heated steel at the forge, accompanied by No more the happy his mirthful song. fanner sings all care away, as he gently turns the soil in preparation for the seed, and dreams a dream of contentment in the anticipation of a bounteous harvest of "golden grain," weaving the 'while "a pleasaut 'thought of his loved wife and little ones, and their wants being abundantNo ; more the wife tings ly supplied. about, her. work preparing the frugal meal for her dear ones. All is changed The smith's hammer lies where it fell, when he hastened to his country's call. The shop is empty, lie has gone. The husband, father and son, have gone to defend their country's honor. The song of gladness is hushed on the lips of the once happy wife A look of anguish and des- and mother. pair has settled upon her face, asher gze follows the retreating forms of her dear ones, whom she may never see again And, with her "little ones, kneeling before the desert her for the safety of her she petitions Him.' her loved ones, husband, her sons, and in -- a-. - for ' . e ' " s . at Oianv;v ! lteintf chosen to juMrcss this pL-ad- The misery and distress oi war are terrible . Want follows in its wake, and today thou-, sands are suiTerlng the paus of hunger--be literally starving for food that cannot, had. Many .hearts are torn with "anguish at the death of their loved ones! Many homes are blighted; and even those fortun-atand 'enough to return, through-fatigusuch an exposure are maimed perhaps to extent thev will never be able to go back to their old occupations. 'And perhaps, through the suffering before them, they will regret that they were permitted to live 1 . i tfiK; ; ' i Mr, Jv!e iv I - e of tea when they come to see" me.' An, we had it in the queen's palace as a kco.' uition of .the great womanhood (,f (jr "country." . Mrs. Sewall said: rThe queen .okcj ten years .younger than when I lV The whole bv.irn (,f three years tigo. her majesty was a symbol that has governed the mightiest of entires for sixty-threyears, has. finally intuitively that she crowns her w rk in recognizing the claims of her, sex to tual U i ruiii e rights with men." life-lon- g at all ! Save Your Money! Oh, my friends, this is not a picture drawn from the imagination, that will perThere are ish through the lape of days and boys, living and dead, many poor-men- ' that stand as a monument of the distressing re lily of war ! Looking at tire world as it stands today, should we not with . one accord pkad lor peace ? Should we not seek a better way Should we not to adjust our wrongs? And when you ;ret a, dollar. witli Zion's Savings Hank Company, the oldest and lar--bank in Utah. . ! -- ' . ;;. a Tr..l vtvir: Since 'the establishment of t:..- i.;, have opened more than r,1."'... ings accounts. . v TJte laws of Utah permit i.e-'i.iwomen and alo ehildren vhoa:- rn open .avins accounts in t?.. ir Ifnve ro their own If u t. vou buch an account? ! - ,...-na- oi-i'.-- of every country petition the one NOW. to devise meansthat wrongs may be righted' We pay FOUR VEtt CKNT without war? Should we not pray the on any amount :.; Great Ruler that He will touch the .eon: pre to and lar thousands, of the earth, and hearts oj the interest four times a year. reveal to them a more perfect system of WIUTI' foranv information desired. righting wrongs,, that peace may be reLoki:nzo Snow, Pre-.- . stored to thefurth again ? May our efforts Geokgl; M. Cannon, accrue to bettering the conditions'that exist Main Street. Christ said: "A good man out of the Nos. good treasures of his heart brings forth that which is good." May we hope that we all aie sufficiently good that a blessing for good may follow this move;. that ieace may be restored; that the earth will yield in its strength; that Want and misery may be' banished, and prosperity take its place. s Removed to 48 and 50 Main St. law-make- rs v-- - law-make- T &,,! IJ rs .. ('.'.-:.'- r ! -.! R.KTHOMA . WOMEN TAKE TEA WITH THE QUEEN. AMERICAN SALT LAKE CITY. d : great--prophet- " " ! -- Grat-iiatneiivna,- wil - . A number of the American, coloniil and continental guests of the International Congress of Women having expressed desires to pay their respects to the queen, Lady Aberdeen arranged a trip to Windsor on the afternoon of July 7th, when her majesty assented to the suggestions that she should drive slowly through the quadrangle of the castle and receive a few of the more prominent delegates. It was about twenty minutes past five when the delegates took up u position in front of the private entrance. A quarter of an hour later her majesty appeared and Lady Aberdeen made the presentations. Miss Susan B. Anthony, who, with Mrs. JIay. Wright Sewall, the newly, elected president of the congress, enjoyed the privilege' of presentation, said to the correspondent of the Associated Press .afterwards: "I had never seen the queen before, and could not but feel a thrill when, looking into her wonderful face, I saw her, as. her life is going out, welcoming this woman's movement which is the precursor of the twentieth century. .What pleased me most was when her majesty said: 'Now, I cannot have the ladies who are visiting me return without giving, them a cup of Leading Retail Tlie Cash. House. E.K.THO GARFIELD BEACH. .,- "Sir ArthurBriggs, the queen's private secretary, replied: 'But, your majesty, they are nere.m mind reds. " 'I don't care,' said the queen, 'if thev are jn thoiisauds, ; they must all have a tug RESORT. Boating, Bathing, Dancing. rr . tea.' BATHING OPEN JUNE 2'i. -- " POPULAR TRAIN SERVICE: J.KiTE LV AVE HALT LA EE. 10 3 ) 2:15 4:30 G.J5 GAKf f ' !)- - l;(Hip.!li. S:;P P ;i.m. p.m. p.m. p.m. R oii n d Trip 25c Depot, Cor. First South and - t ouru 