KXPONKNT. WOMAN'S local presidents We ought to Mistaiu-owitlfour presence at' meetings, by iso doing union would increase and kind feelings ako. Said Relief Society members, should had out in' good works, should be teachers and StX)kc uujh oreachers of righteousness. mothers training their children in a projw-ur to ''the ihihbeii ' " it was, and doubtles.there ' heroic "line m Vet st) underlying I yet unborn- along 'this - " ancestry. e -- I - .. is an m the new independency, and by the way code of laws, which I suppose ;t will be desire you necessary for vou to make, .'.would remember. the ladies, 4"d be .more fire liaVf-v .1..... ii generous, 10 mem uian jmu been." iler language on this subject both . in tin's; and these purpose waslhHTln he Coimnprrtnl Gmgres,-shsaid:- "Llongr to'hear you have declared an ! more and more societies are numerous ami their influence and .strength will corre5jKnditi;ly, increase. They are i.ot, as1ri In-i- i said, "mutual admiiation y U C 0 VCrSa lluTTv l r t n societies; ior are they tor tea, and go.slp,-.huto correspondents was for fellowship aud active service and in her letters her opposition to the old laws along the lines f higher views, of united strong, and she even threatened to patriotic efforts for the larger freedom and .so. determined that foment rebellion unless lhv rights of her" sex comrade-hi- p of nil mankind. would In our work we must strive to give were secured,- and declared women some object lessons as well as history ami not 'hold themselves hound to obey any laws in which they had no voice or reprelegends for the children, who are only acquainted with the facts pertaining sentation. It is due' to the moral courage of ueh the indelendenee of to the establishment-owith out country, or e shall fail in the pur-- . women and those of the iotlrcentury to scs we expect to achieve. Assuidily ft k whose names'we are more familiar, and West-' the generous.spirit of the men of tins i the conscientious desire of every woman in the society (and let us believe it will he erii country that we are privileged to enjoy tntage (fall who will hereafter Income members) political equality..' With thisjtdv fofthe work to so engraft the principles of freedom and we should be ourselves and right in the souls of the children of these along this line, and make mountain vales, and stamp upon their lives this society a power inthe political ecouomy and character such lessons in childhood and of llie State and as a part of the great United States, youth that no storms upon the voyage of body politic throughout the life, or clamor of heresy, or wars of people not forgetting those, of our sex deprived of shall ever destroy or. uproot the principles the ballot who are auxiotisly looking to us thus wrought into their souls; but that they to help them along these lines of political in the may be transmitted to their posterity unto liberty and direct representation the latest generation that may inhabit this rovernment render noble eho-e- n land of America. May it be Without going into details allow me to service whenever and wherever opportunity state that in my opinion we should collect, is given, and be ready, at all times to stand, from time to time, as we have opportunity, by the Constitution of our country, uphold specimens of workmanship or heirlooms its laws and honor the flag, and be ready to that may help us to appreciate the past, and defend it from foes within and foes without. In conclusion let us pay our tribute of give us better ideas d' thqse primitive times simwhen the life of the people was more respect to the General Society of the Daughple and the great inventions of this age had ters of the devolution wdio so generously not yet become a put of the newer civilizaextended to Utah the right hand of fellowtion. We are not privileged in this, respect ship, and in the name of the Utah society as those aie in the older states, who are upthrough its Regent in her inaugural address histhe of on the .stamping ground bid them God speed in the magnanimous great "of relics valiant that and toric battles; work they have so auspiciously undermany age are handed down in the old Colonial taken. And wdiile remembering all its families, or collected and preserved in representatives tender our love especially, museums and such like" places for the bene-- , to Miss Sarah Iv. Hunt, its vice president, fit" of the public. From these scenes and who so .graciously honored us with her associations we in this Western land are far gentle presence and sweel words .of enremoved geographically, but we may obcouragement and sympathy, which we shall tain from relatives and friends some of these never forget during her brief "sojourn in SalULake City, the Mecca of the West, in "precious mementoes. .' If we cannot surround ourselves with July 1S9S. such object lessons"there is active work we Emmelink B. Wells, can do in other directions, which will open Regent of Utah Society Daughters of the ancl meantime we Revolution. up to us undoubtedly," with-thhisfamiliar can become more Given at a meeting held January 16 1S99. past tory of our own country ,by lectures, study and discussion in oui society, and accpaaiut- R. S. REPORTS. ing ourselves with biographies of the men and women who figured conspicuously in WAYNK STAKE. affairs this nation and its' struggle for : The Relief Society conference of Wayne independence. The Declaration of Independence itself is Stake was held at Loa, January 31, 1899. The presidency of the Stake Relief Society a subject for study, probably we do not re member even the names of the signers of and a number of brethren were present, and that sacred instrument of progress in the an excellent spirit prevailed. The Loa choir sang ' 'Come . O,' Thou world's. history ' As' women we cannot be too grateful King of Kings." ; Prayer, Bishop W. K. aud reverent to the memory of such women Hanks. Singing, "Let us pray' as Abagail Adams', of revolutionary disPresident Jane S.. Coleman presiding, tinction, who so long ago when;, woman's spoke upon the magnitude of the work, we legal rights had not been even agitated as a are engaged in, said much could be accompart of civilization, urged her husband in plished by the Relief Society when they the most emphatic language to accord to we're active in rtheir labors. - She had rewomen justice in the establishing of the new ceived reports fronT'lIie local presidents, government. She was the first American showing satisfactory results wdti regard to. woman w ho thus protested against the inUP gta"1 for storing. Read the. in of sex .matters. Writstatistical and rlnancial report t for the year political equality ' ing to her husband in .March 1776, who- - "pastjaudrsaid our average should be higher. 1 - ' I t ' 1 1 11 1 -- t-- t 1 1 clo-irf- -, par-tially f I : ' better-equippe- . -- our-privilege-t- o ' ' , -- - , . , ., : . laen ; " r ' way.; , , .President Margaret Taylor reported the Loa Reiief Society in good- conditiou'bore testimony, a iid expressed a desire to have the Bishopric visit their meetings. Counselor Sarah S. Forsythe said she felt w well and was .much pleased to have the presidency and brethren attend our confer, ence and sustain us in; our labors. Spoke more of teaching our children by example virtue teach aud 'not to than precept, to leave our sous and daughters subject to temptation. Spoke of attending our meetings and sustaining the society work. Sister Adalaide M. - Adams reported Relief Society as doing well. President Martha Adams reported the Torrey Relief Society in good running order. It had lately been organized and all felt well. Sister Louisa Brown spoke of the soeiety "in early days and of the progress and growth it had made, also of the opportunities that lay before the young. people. Km eotrjaged mothers to do their duty and be very careful in their examples before the young people. Sister Sarah A. Robison szld she had enEncouraged the sisjoyed the conference. ters to read and study good books and become wise in the principles of the Gospel. of the bless- t Sister Leah Blackburn "spoke ings that awaited the faithful. Encouraged the young sisters to be good, true workers Felt thankful and shun evil at all times. that the mothers of Zion were worthy of raising sms who were worthy to bear the Gospel to the nations of the world. Sister Margaret Pace bore testimony to' the truth of the Gospel and spoke of the fulfillment of prophecy. 7 President Sarah G. Meeks reported the Thurber society in good condition. They lacked only, a few dollars of settling, up their indebtedness on their hall, (.which is a ' very creditable building for so small a soeiet'.) She said they were united and desired to. be progressive in the good . work. 7 Sister Xancv Blackburn felt vell in the calling that rested upon her. Spoke of the blessings the sisters wTould gain by storing grain. Encouraged the young people to be faithful in every calling. Sister Elizabeth Jeffry felt very thankful for the good spirit we had enjoyed, and felt to ask the Lord to bless every worker in the .society. Felt to sustain those iu office : with all her heart. ' ' President J. S. Colemaii was pleased to .listen to the remarks and reports.- .Called the attention of the sisters to the ten cent donation to help defray the expenses of the General Board in Relief Society work. the Spoke of fasting and prayer in behalf of sick among us, and said to observe punctuality in attendance at our meetings. President W. K.. Robinson, felt to appre-- , ciate the good words of the sisters, would ask the Bishops to visit .the society, and become an aid to them. Encouraged the sisters in the good work the' hadnespoused. Closed'by singing "Great is the Lord. Benediction by President H. M. Hansen. A. M. ADAors,.. Secv 7 - . - the-Teasdal- . " ' . ' - -- . ' ' ' 