Hi . management of the Deseret Ev'enin rue "Jvxtwtieui win not wsent ; . v 'w f iT ., J m VVi'"'t1 til ficrl paid. All delinquents will as .soon us sible receive written notices of biJls-dua addition to the printed matter. In consideration of the value of the ",'x ponent'; to the Relief Society, and of the work it has done in the caue uf suf" frage as well, as the general educuional help it has given the women of this 'inter. mountain coimtry.it sterns scarcely possible that women should le so careless of their own interest as to let the paper languish f,r want of support, yet the fact remains, and it is iuxsibleto say what the women' wil do in the matter. With the Relief Society of 30,000 women if one tenth of. the number would take the to But women have the courage, not only o; i,i fmilfnl Present but to wait with : Woman's Exponent vfc S- , . . '. ' ' mis free and happy;. TAiuTah era ol sUch as lias progress shall come to pass. a. Avi.r..wpn in anv land 01 which c not in Salt Lake City, Utaiu knowledge. 'And let us believe it is Published rerrn; one copy one year, Jl.oo; one copy six months, for off. Many wonderful things have trnnsdeliv50 cts. No reduction made lor clubs. City papers we now say adieti w pired in the year to hich' ered by mail, extra for postage one year, a tj. and science and electricity and many new Advertising rates: Each square., ten lines of nonpfeil fnrrres in the. material world are pushing liberal disspice one tune, j.$o; per mont.h, $3 00. A count regular advertisers. their way to aid mankind materially and' South Tem-are' not moral and spiritual forces doing Evposunt orhce, Koom 208 Templeton, everv m. to m. 5 p. Street. Huisness hours From 10 a. battle for the uplifting of humanity. There day, .except Sunday. is and must necessarily be elements in the Address all business communications to universe, if we but knew how to grasp them that would aid the triumph of light over PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, darkness. We as a people know something Salt Lake City, Utah. of this power, of the faith that can heal the Rnttrtd-- at 'At rU Ofat in Salt lkt City, Utik, at and pay cash down-i- could be carried sick, and through prayer and humility bear paper ttcond-clu- i matter . safely, yet that has been looked for, hoped us up when all others means are powerless. And now again A Happy New Year to for.and waited for in vain. What the "J;X. Salt Lake City January r, one and all of the readers of our dear little ponent has done to keep the society in' various Stakes and in different of the. "Exponent." May the year 1S99 be a world in touch with each other' parts is of in0re year of prosperity and success beyond our A NEW YEAR'S GREETING. value than the few hundred dollars it would expectations in literary work; for the women of the' Church and of this State need take to maintain it independently. Appeal To the host of friends here ami elseafter appeal has been made through-thmore history written and more home literawhere we biTer our Happy New Year in and .hvJ thnf I t ture instead of so'much that is not worth columns of- the naner ait for hanniness wishes and low nnd with faithful its in in 11 and on and it prisupporters time public the money expended spent prosperity during the year just entering for it. Our young women do not appreciate vate, and yet the failure to come forward upon the threshold of Time, May it bring the efforts put forth by the women who with financial aid. At one dollar per year with its varied reasons prosperity and peace have laid' the foundation in this line of it seems incredible that the sisters who to the nation in which we live; may the work. They are even inclined, at least the f have the cause of Zion at heart and know-a'dark shadows which still linger in the many hundreds do know the generous to undervalue pioneer horizon of the year just past be quickly majority ol them help the "Exponent" has given in ways alefforts, though it has preserved journalistic a more and like bird no war disperhtd most innumerable, should not immediately for the good of the community many hoverover our fair laud. of records, histories and sketches of important raise the necessary funds, through 'large Although the year 1898- - opened ausBesides the trensactiens, educational, political, and of numbers of aubscriptions. piciously and civilization has made great proneed the Relief Society has for an orand industries. great gress along many lines, yet the war has organizations At the present time there are great gan of its own, the silk industry needs it made terrible suffering and sorrow in tens of deficiencies to be met in closing up old acquite as much and both Should have its thousands of homes the country over besupport through the liberal patronage of sides the hardships, wounds and deaths of counts, and starting with the new. management of the Deseret News Company, even the women of Zion. the brave volunteers and soldiers them if it is possible to pull through, but the selves, lime alone can assauge the devastation the war has occasioned, but even that Relief Society and those who believe in an DR. ROBERT'S NURSING CLASS. official organ for its advancement should will not heal broken-heartewives mothers, make strennous efforts to secure sufficient and sweethearts. . The nurse's class by Dr. Margaret Utah was more fortunate than most other subrcriptions to tide over the ciisis. Other C. Roberts in the taught for the last states in this respect, and we know that, our papers have had similar experiences and six months or more,Templeton held its graduating ex- friends have come forward to assist boys and men who volunteered went forth ... n v...v.ij m.v.. VUU-iwith the prayers and blessings and uuited pecuniarily and given substantial heL in the absence of Xheonly-thin- g faith of thousands of the President-HomewantinglbTlieEx." Dr. Roberts :ave the inponent to make it financially successful structions free in the interest and under the by lever and malaria, still we rejoice that is a larger circulation. Have the women auspices of the Relief Society in this Stake they are with us yet and hope for their .of Zion the .active interest of the Relief of Zion. The members of the class acquitSociety and thesilk industry at heart and ted themselves speedy recovery. admirably, and the Dr. herin raising the The women of the Red Cross Society if so will they self read a very able and highly instructive throughout the land have done bravely and means necessary? niih- The "Exponent" has endeared the writer pa per.T which we would aUcWv here in our own state valiant work has been Jished ifpace Avould perrait.) Congratulaaccomplished; very little has been, said or tojvejyjtrmnyoLthe sisters, who have been tory remarks were made by President B. published of these noble efforts put fortb7 in its patrons, and the personal friendships and W. Smith, 3; B. Wrells and L. D. Alder, calls of philanthropic charity, but we know much sisterly relations by interchange also Counselors Clara C. Cannon and ' it has visits and correspondence have been veiyj concerning it and how xAnnie T. Hyde; Elder C: W. Penrose 6c-been. grauiying ana Denenciai in many waps. raPed a few moments. Sister Hyde in To tell how dearly we love it and those It is a matter of congratulation that Stake Board presented to Dr. President McKinley mentioned . the Red who have been its advocates and contribuRobertsln n neat and happy speech a tors would be a difficult task, beyond lanCross and its noble President, Clara Barton, in appreciation of her it is the first, recognition. ''of .woman in the guage to' express; only when heart "speak-theart can it be understood. MavJ the generous labqrsand the class through one message of a President of the United States of the Sisrer-Jon- es, presented a that we are able to recall. Eet us hope that new year prove how. we all love the fEx- - silver students, cake dish filled vvlth lovely flowers. it is a good omen tor woman and that the ponent'.' by substantial patronage. Other gilts and tokens of "love suitable to day so long looked for and so ardently de the happy occasica.were madend the good sired, when woman shall have her rightfnlj AN aPPEAL. spirit manifested itself very perceptibly. :If place m Me annals 01 the nation, and in all tne places and all measures that effect the welThe agents of the Exponent' in all the v.v, graduating nursesMvill be as rnnMenm vucu uuues as tne ur. nas neen fare of the people is not far distant. . several wards and Stakes of Zion, atd also giving them instruction the benefit to the Would it could come to pass in Susan B. 1UUIVJUU41 buubcnoers .moeoted ior the 1 society will be AnHibny-time or Elizabeth Cady Stan' productive of great good. paper are urgently requested to settle all whose in ton's courage advancing human old accounts at thearliest date possible been so has marked for more than This becomes an. absolute Lady Warwick among- English women is progress on ac'. an excellent necessity half a century? count of the .change that takes place in the public fluent, "easy speaker, ' - and r pleasing. - semI-jnoathIj- rr asc - p . . t -- . e -- b-fS- t - -- , s , ill-ome- n , d . 1 1 -ni- eTT-Hyde'pfisiding Latter-daySaintSr- , . co-opera- te . far-reachi- " h;nd-somerockinch- o 1 - - . . I- . -- - : 