WOMAN S. EXPONENT; - ' girl, wild was also very delicate, 'she., made ufe Kingsrey7 His wife had no sympathy with girls who always wore whil: niu.sliir, laces and ruflles, and so sent her to the school with the country girls.and Pamela was not in the legist punished. She she knew she was enjoyed it immeiif-elythe best dressed girl in the school and her city ways were very taking,' but most of all she was fond of telling whafsbe knew iu a fantastic sort of fashion that was ever so better' than any, story book we had ever read. One Saturday when we were out in the wood for a ramble and had tired ourselves climbing, "the" most romantic girl in the crowd turned to Pamela and said, "Do tell us about your Aunt Diliiway when she was a little girl; volt say she was a perfect beauty and a great belle in her day." "Will, girls, Aunt Diliiway is so proud that if she saw me here on the rocks yams to you girls, she would have me sent home by the first coach for Boston. She's old and grey now but she wears a wig and paints cheeks, md there's a lovely painting of her . upstairs, and she's even been written about in books in Louion when she was young and beautiful, and she broke two or three men's hearts, ajcltlien she gothrrown biokeu." "Served her right !" said two or three all 'er's stdeT'J . , know; that s why she was sent .homexo on up J7 ui piyihgHhto family secrets; my mint savs she has ruined me every way, cave me sweetmeats and all sorts of for bidden things, and told me the love stories of the Diliiway family for generations back, all of which she got hold.of herself by spycabing and getting into old letters in the inet, the Diliiway rosewood cabinet, hundreds of years old ma'de in Switzerland." "Miss Pamela tell us what about the let- for the cabinet that hid ters, we don't-carthem," said Julia, the most curious girl in the crowd. "What a wonderful part letters have played in the lives of men and women ever since the days of Jeremiah the prophet. Letters do play the mischief,- I shall never write any myself." "You'll be the first one' to do it undoubtedly; but Julia, you .must; have taken to reading the Bule lately to know so mucu about Jeremiah, but remember in those days everything was written on parchment and in rolls, and they, were not letters ear- ried by post," broke in LottieBrpoks. "No, but they made a lot of trouble, all the same, and dreadful things Came to pass that had been written about and then hid- '.y .k;,: . - T?r. I ' srrAti etc a coir v T) V. 1 A&&tfr 1 i . . iQn't ;nave oeen caucuT nuci Tx,,. when uimway she. " . iuu hut MMn she never will lw ti,. thing but Miss Diliiway by people, and .1 all her letters come addressed to Miss DilliWav and I never knew she had another nam' till Belmont said to me one day 'Pentloi Diliiway and I turned on her and said 'who's Penelope Diliiway. please?"penej she's your great aunt herself.' Before that I had never thought about her having any other name." do tell us about the three suitors and how it all happened and she never married either one of them. And, besides one day you said. when your Aunt Diliiway was a young girl they used to have gay times at Christmas in England, " chimed in the romantic young Miss who first asked for the story 'jAiid so they p!id, and I've heard of their great doings and Belmont has told me about Xmas in France, too." "Well we haven't time to go over all the countries, finish this one story." "So I will if you'll let me, now keep quiet. You understand there were three men all in love with Aunt Dilli vay. First den away." "Girls let's not go back to Jeremiah, its there was Harry Severn, then the young then the real duke. Two were quite enough to go back to Pamela's Aunt Diliiway. and if we linger much longer poor and one was rich, but Charles Plytfip-tohad 'great expectations,' and the Duke we'll have to go home without the love in a breath. " "No it didn't," said Pamela, "If you story, and we all dearly love that kind of a of Weldmore he wanted a young wife to have a son." What was in the letters that so romance. knew what she suffered. " "Did your aunt tell yoa that or did you "How did you find out about her love offended your aunt when you found it out?" read it in the letters?" affairs ?' inquired the one who had asked interpolated Nellie. for the story, and who in fact was all her It was a sort of disconnected history "No, Belmont told me. My aunt would be wild with rage if she suspected I had life getting' people to tell her things she but Belmont put this and that together, and told me that my great aunt had to run ever heard of it." meant some day to put into books. "It strikes me that your French gover"Girls every one of you must promise away to America because some one fought a ness You see she was engaged duel about her. never to tell. for Aunt Kingsley wants a preought to be sent to Halifax, but it I serves text to send me home, know it, and if she to two or three )oung men at once, and people right who set themselves up like find out alxnn the things I've told after all it wasn'.t her fault, she explained could that, as if their children were so much she would to some better me and cried and her lips of it than other peoples. I suppose that's bundle me off in you girls, ' were as pale as ashes. I never expected to toryism, but it isn't American," said Julia. double quick time." Of course we all promised' and then we see Aunt Diliiway shed a tear, she never "On the same principle," said Gratia, a ? about "How the cried bad when men news tell us asked, came, not even when very demure, little girl, "we are all sent to young about them.1' died one she had known all her this select school for girls, and simply bethat any "They all married afterwards all but one, life. She used to tremble a little and her cause we. are not to go with all the other and he got killed, 'and Aunt Diliiway wears lips would quiver, and that was all." girls irijhevilliager-l- the ring he gave her now he's dead, and Then sheisj:falborn-to- r I heard my mother question of money. i n if il s h e has her vhilesati ? 4I come WhaTTdiashe here fr for Was it true say, shall send Gratia to a girls' select re$sa trimmed with rich lace, hid away in a that tale Belmont told about a duel ? Did school as we can't afford a governess.' " cedar chest, and a long lace veil all em"So you are a little tory, too, are you?" your aunt own up to it?" cried the romanbroidered in a nunnery." tic one of the girls. said Julia. "Oh, a nunnery tell us about the nuns, "It wasn't quite true, but Harry Severn "Now girls," put in Pamela, "if you if there is anythiug'mysterious we want to was dead when she came over to are America, going to dispute about politics I shall ' find it out," said half a dozen at once and she will never set foot on English soil never finish this story and you'll all dream The whole bevy of girls were wild to again, never." about it, and toojrrowjcyill. , and t "hear about the nuns, but Pamela answered "Then she ought to be an American-anmjraunt willlrTakermefread the Bible and " M y a u n t d id iT Fk n o w a bou bthenuns, she not a tory. Harry Severn, was he an offic sing hymns all day, she's a Puritan, there's isn't a Catholic, '"she's High Church Episcoer of rank, brave and accomplished ? I no denying that, but she can't take me to pal, and sits every Sunday in King's chapel judge so from what you told us about the meeting with her, that's part of the" bar-in a great, high pew, and makes me sit by. harp." V gain, and uncle never goes any way. Now her, and I daren't wink but I nearly fall "Yes, he was a distinguished officer, but where did I leave off, if you say much more asleep, aha then she nudges me with her Aunt Dilli way's father made - another I shall not know whether I'm a tory or a match for her, and he wanted to great feather fan and whispers 'Miss Pame:. ... rebel." separate la sit up." ' her from Lieut, Severn. The family were both, the same," echoed two ' ' Who Were your Aunt Diliiway s beaux, too poor, and he thought his daughter was or "They're ' three at once." . were they noblemen ?" to good enough marry a duke, so he select-e"I am-. sure I don't know where I left "Tney were gentlemen, one was very the eldest son of a relative of a duke off." ; .. courtly and .handsome and brave and a fine who was the heir (the duke had no children ' You left off about Xmas time, ' ' said singer, and my aunt played the harp -t- he and he was getting very old) and he was Jane Willis, 'and. that's what we all want very same one she has now up irithe corner soon to come into his inheritance. He paid to know about, I don't care which of the three of her boudoir covered with real tapestry. his addresses to aunt and sort of fascimen aunt was in love wtth, if you I asked her about it one day and she said it nated her with my his elegant manners and all wouldyour tell us about m English Christwas an heirloom." that, but he didn't touch her heart at all mas in only one of those great stone castles, or "How did you find out about all these Belmont said, and then there was another fine gentlemen and our great aunt's love large mansions, of which we-lover, a real duke in his own nVht nM o have so often heard yet know so little." :. stories, you. say she never talks to you ?" had grown up daughters but no I and sons, The girls were so inquisitive and ; inter"Why from Belmont, the governess, you he fairly persecuted Aunt Diliiway.". rupted Pamela with questions all the way - spin-nin- g h-- r . . . Now - . - heir-at-la- n . hoo-in- g . ." 4 n-we- 1 dd ! . - be-Sunda- y d - -- . ; . : 4 d ' . ( 4 . 4 . . . old-fashion- ed 