WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 20 Y .'. ' . ; KyOOnnt niorn-Wnmm- j sail for .England, and will write tK- next editorial after the 'Quinquennial in Lodon. - V spir- - An Miss American, Mrs. .Peek ami Mrs. also present; they too were to sail ou the lhcnun on the 8th. Mrs.; FuUr 1 . wh0 only arrived in New York the same iK was fresh as ever aiulin. excellent ! link. . r.r.-mnis'wer- c .. twit. AUNT ESTHER'S SWEETHHAYn. . nv AUNT km. .'. nie Humphreys Gaffncy, the new president,, '.'I niv.,;en- War; Jl.W OVf COpY had the business ol the meeting: .caijriuu f Cfiiu'lusinn ,rr '. . r uw 'in No mi ear, was injurs SO !i dispatched and everything prepared Of all those -- vyho had beenYc aeittd ho best manner. Mrs. Wells informing Aunt Ivsther was" really the nu i alous !:n- "f .mts. .uai i,u" as r:,rh A h ,.rl ;r.. r,.v.v .secretary.;r", 'xt.r (lUy tlisHeretofore r.il she A content. b had not hern and fl.on. c I. us' SS' !"': who resales m .New on;,-waDickinson, but she had CJ!I!l! had ma:iv anil with three such officers it would religiously inclined, present to with a s1ct r... 1 regard had not miseivings if KxpovknT c!fi:". Koo'ii 20 3 Templeton. South Tempi everything been have Strang strJi-tP, ti.:ri frunrio a. m. to 5 p. ui. every she had ! been well and property accomplished that contemplated taking, though .! v, vcrt .n: .'.)'. and her reputation escaped almost, could be done within the time. It was the .1!! J.a- - :)'.'. i ( jnirjiMTjic.it oris to from into falling miraculously disgrace. SY first meeting since we were all in Washv.. WT.JJ.S, Mrone or no as eoidd- eise uia knew, Mrs'. Gaifney had enterthough ington, she had leen tempted to leave lier hv.i Sm.t Iakk Qi v, Utah. tained Miss Anthony, Dr. Shaw and Mrs. house forever, and go into a foreign 'Ke in Silt I tile City, Itah, as' Avery while in New York before they band's hid re J at tht land with the man she loved with all the sidled, .and talked over some important tfd'H i !ijs fatter. fervor of youthful attachment, bin whom matters with them." About noon a deher parents had not allowed her to ni.irrv.' lightful hour was spent at the luncheon, Sm Laki ("Itv, Utah, jfiv 1, isyo. He had come to hermit a time when' she had which consisted of delicaciesdaiutily .spread felt the most desperate, had read her heart and loyely flowers that lulped to perfect NOTES liY THE WAY. Y beautv of the entire arrangement. A lap- - when her wdiole soul 'revolted against the was undergoing, and urged bondage-shLeavmgalt Lake City ou seven o clock nier eroup ol women could scarce. ' And she had even her to fly with him. morning train, Saturday, June 3rd, 1S99, found; no gossip, no frivolity, bi quesand flying over the country Eastward as tions of importance and social conversation tried to persuade herself that the stq Manning entreated her to take- was- :u fast as possible, one cannot do much in the occupied the time, and workus resumed more a sin m iuc sUkeuven, man llie way of writing, or make much study of the immediately after the guestsleft the table. domestic life she was compelled to live scenery by the way, nor study human This conference will undoubtedly be helphusband to whom she was bour.d'bv nature either as one would like to do when ful in getting matters ready for the execuIt is always tive session in November. marriage vows. Some good angel stood Inmeeting a variety of people. pleasant.' ami sometimes profitable (menThursday we called at the office of the ner then, and at the last moment, as it were, tally at least) to note the people one meets Wln'tr' T.im steamers. Howlinir Green, and when all had been cautiously. arranged, and even casually, and occasionally one finds completed final arrangements for sailing on her lover was waiting in anxious expeetanhimself socially interested in certain types Wednesday, June 14th. cy, she finally resolved to preserve her honi lie writer was so weary of individuals. Friday noon left New York City to visit or and that of her husband, and remain true to her womanhood and to her malliai uimiku, lain) wioimiig aim so jjic- - relatives in New England; and every stoccupied with self, having left behind the ation by the way recalled memories of other rriage vows, and suffer wroug rather than nearest and dearest to go across the great days. The hills and woods are as green as commit a wrong that would forever d?har ocean, that she caied little lor the people when a little child we wandered through her from association of the friends she about her, or the wonders of the canons; the wild wood, and as now and then when loved; and an error, too, which to her a w but no one from Salt Lake City is suffered a wayside station was reached women came thoroughly awakened consciousness of its to remain long uv known, not even in a on with armsfull of wild flowers just such gross wickedness, she felt sure would end It soon transpired that as we gathered in the long ago, it was al- in despair and hopeless degradation. And railway carriage. our identity was discovered ami the lad' in most pathetic to one whose mind was filled as A last resort, she .sent her faithful maid, the .same section' informed us that she had with girlish memories. alone, in the dead silence of the night, to .relative's and old school friends in Salt Lake The towns we wdiirled past were familiar tell. her old sweetheart that she could not City. Finally we ascertained that she was by name from earliest recollection, and when consent to go with him, and he mu:t never the cousin of pur and highly we met the dear loved ones from whom we" attempt to see her again. Poor Polly she res;eeted fellow citizen, Theodore McKean,. had been so widely separated more than never dared to tell her mistress all the and a .schoolmate of the. Ivius's. Then lialf a century, (except, once or twice a dreadful things Sidney Manning said there followed conversation and explanations, brief visit as we flitted Eastward to attend in the darkness, When she delivered her of the Roberts question, etc. some congress or convention,) and then message. And so that part of the romar.ee and discussion a lady just returning from a misFinally knew we could only spend a few hours with ended and away, and finally ssion to China learned to her dismay, if not them, it was a -- pleasure "not unmixed ecured a position in a mercantile hou?e hi disgust, that there were Mormons aboard, with pain." India, and amassed, wealth for it was the and although she was the wife of a Baptist There were many things to talk over durlack of riches that had deprived him of his minister, and had , been living for many ing the last eight years, anu the' time fle vv darling Esther, and he was determined to years in China trying to teach the Gospel on the wings of the vvindl Changes there accumulate means enough to make her a principles to the "heathen Chinee,"' yet are to be remarked but thEraaui featuresJaLime suited to her circumstances, should she thought' herself too good' to he the scenery were much the same. Laurel she ever be free again to choose for herself: to a Mormon woman, and seemed to Hill covered-wit- h blossoms rwas a delight and he would wait until that time came, do all in her power to make things unto the beholder, and buttercups, daisies and always believing in her affection and trusis It that womChristian strange pleasant, the hemlock with its gracefully sweeping ting in his knowledge of-hcharacter. And en working to correct the heathen have "'not boughs and soft,' young tendrils, as well as he esteemed her far more for broader principles and greater chanty. the old magnificent elms that had stood for she made in giving him up, when, in his in New York Arriving Tuesday at half more than a century, withstanding the mistaken seuse of have right, he would saved Mrs. Caine bade farewell to the. storms of New pist two, stolen another man's wife. She had England winters. There-iwriter and drove to the Cosmopolitan to be nothi ,g in nature perhaps not dearer to the herself and him top, and when far away ready to sail next day. heart,! or more beautiful to the writer, than from her iii a foreign land and "meditating The heat in New York City has been at-- " " the woodslirfiill J ff could lTage asa t this season , upon her loveliness of character, he most unendurable, and 'people and horses unless it is thesea, and one hesitates and appreciate the strength and fortitude she have been prostrated even so early in June; knows not unless the manifested in withstanding the great temwhile in Salt Lake and vieinitv we see by with the new moon in the clear blue.. ptation. the papers that theie have been heavy frosts suBut one does not reason about these thines' Wheu-SidneManning- "heard of the had ruining fruit a::d killing earl v vegetables one only "admires and exclaims, for it is dden death of Esther's husband, he u e iuunooiur ::-lV alLdescription.and all.comuarison. mastered his feelings to such an extent that anen lor the Tomorrow; .uoi.uay. t suan be m the he did not on,;:, .Conlcrcnoc of the Ladies 0f n,P v., , rejoice; and he waited -- Sv, 'ia-Si- ! : i I . u-i- I q-- . t . - ' ' j Qty, L'uh. IMO-lth?- : . lAi.tr lt i t'-- - r.onp-inr- ,- - 1 - s j : main-taiiie- - d know-ho- - , t Sid-ne- - y - with-th- j . - . well-know- n he-we- nt " - even-polit- e . er the-sacrific- ; s , , - . - m - y ""g I J ."'h'vy'M lumiceiun oi June, him, any recognition of her first . promise 