V WOMAN'S KXl'OXKNT. i6 I with an the Spirit of. the Lord, which abundance she" full assured ue would. Sister Kobertson' imported Oranjjeville as doin.r well. Fell proud to report siich" a noble band d' sisters. They, did a 'ood uork iniuany ways and were making a e,rcat e;art to compete their house-thisummer. The counselor of Moleii .reported their society as duing well for lo few in number. They had donated .to .the .Stake Academy, and were ever willing to do what they could St all times. There were only nine branches reported in. the statistical report read by Sister Cox. President Larseu was pleased with the reports of the society, especially with what they had done lor the Stake Academy, the rcpuit showing that the amount cf S55 h.ul been e,ieu by the Relict Society of .'.'Let us appreciate, the Finery Stake. privileges we enjoy, and never forget our We should cultivate punctuality prayeis. .i for each other.'" and low Sister Washburn reported 'Huntington, rU all was well '.uth the sistersshe knew, of fe.v difficulties existing among them. Honed we would' all remain faithful. Sifter Childs icjioi led Price, having been tin. re lately ami being requested by the president, Sister Pace, to do so should tlrey fail to send a lepr'sentati ve. The sisters at Pi co neie doing very well, and in everything were abieast with their "sister towns'. Tliey with others had donated liberally to the Atademy. Brother Lambert, of Salt L ike City, was pleased to hc'ir the reports; it was very gratifying to him: Felt that we should all live .so that we could cultivate faith, as it was a evil that was affected bv the lives we lived. (Live as an object lesson a circumstance that, he was cognizant of, where two families, were living so near to the tits of the Lord that through the faith they were able to.cxt icise one of their little'ones was restored to 'life, that had bt en for one. and a half hours. Had. been not so faith their living they perfectly would not have been equal for the unusual, ' emergency. The forenoon meeting was brought to a ePv-by the choir singing" We thank Thee, () God, for .a prophet," etc. Mrs. Stkvkns, Sec. pro km. minion. of Joseph is obliged Smith and the ietsecution he-all :e..l:e we ate Wondered if to endure.. so near to "the end, and that, as the Savior of the World, ami of the andTinptd we would be blessed 1 .Savs. it will conn: of-te.ichin- j ! Htnkk-nl- L. I): Alder said' she had been visiting the Focatello. Stake, .in company with Dr Kllis R. Sjiipp, in regard to organ- iziug classes in oVtetries and iuir!ng. Ster i s among the jewels if we do our 'd'Oy assembling ourselves together, etc. the childr- :i tlf! 0f the necessity comtuandmetits and theeeping t" the ten . babbatli day. A A , fr - tii'i i?o..1r. Iienediction l)oxoloy?" "Mk j - g J. S. CV by Con:;.. aor Sr WOOI.LKV, much need of such teaching, There was. there 'are so few obstetricians ami the people are scattered, it is so hard upon the sick Dr. as well as those who attend to them. Shipp has organized closes and" with apparent success. Sister 'Alder experts to go abroad before "this meeting convenes again,1 but asked the sisters to pray for her in her absence. She has had the promise to go and labor among her kindred. Thought an was the pence meej?g inspiration from God. V. Sifter I'irowsi slid "(VmI moves in a mysterious way." She thought of all peo. ; spoke of the pie we were the most Deace that Temple woik brought to u ex one day in a horted all who could 'to month to go4o the Temple ;.nl save s ails. said all . Counselor Fliabeth Stc'ens-our meetings were peace meetings; only the Lntler-- ry Saints could enjoy this perfect peace. Spoke. of the blessing derived from reading the life i the Prophet Joseph our children in. his Sihith, and inJeic.-tinmission, ami of the waste of time in reading light literature. Said we- should all be Let us missionaries, not waste our time. all come here often and lure our peace meetings, and induce all to come. .Said of having that she appreciated the nurses trained to care for the poor and the sick. Sister Martha Morris sing "O, je.sus the Giver,'' also spake of the sacrifices the women 'of God would make. .Spoke of the testimonies she had been permitted to bear to her 'kindred in the eld country, .ind prayed that 'Sister. Alder would enjoy the same blessing. Sister Phelps slid we were serving a God of power and revelation. Said we had been begging for peace ever since the Prophet Joseph Smith had organized the can thwart the purChurch, poses of the Almighty, and He has said that the wicked shall slay the wicked. Sister Brixeu spoke of ttie importance of teaching our". children the ten .commandments. 'Spoke, of the great faith Moses LADIES' MEETING.- manifested, thought wesacuM strive to Semi Monthly Meeting couvetied May keep the eouniundtneiits of God. Spoke "of the 'blessed', time .when, we could i S.j iiSoy, President M. I. Ho he presiding; live -earth and say, "Thy. will. not Singing, '"Where the voice of friendship's be Sister mine Howe. heard." "Prayer bv done." Julia. C, nations Minutes Sister. rise." Annie M Cannon said we can Singing, "Though not expect universal peace over the earth, read and accepted. J. Sister L. I). Alder read the appeal. "made, but we can have neace bv thu i;r 111V. Ul " i" to the women of Uv.ah on the peace move:xu Latter-da- Saiul. Highly approved ment. of the movement' in training nurses all' President Home asked the sisters assemover our State. bled if they would like to turn this meeting Sister Susanna Fenamore spoke of her Latter-daWe as into a 'peace, meeting. desire tor peace, and her love and desire to " :. Saints always want peace, but we know work in. the. Temple, that in the fu.lfdliug'of prophecy there will Sister Julia ...spoke of the and all the world peace conference, and '.believed be contention. peace .could are calling for peace1, ve will unite with all be hrou-l- it abotit only by keeping the com-- ' to bring about peace as fafiis it is possible, mandmenls. of; God. -.; we 'will keep the" com maudmeuts of God'. Sister Julia C. Howe believed that the She knew that the prayers of the people predictions oi prophets would come 'to pass would result in good. Spoke of the was uie autiior ot ueace tfnA sion of JesusChrist, how the people doubted ouatuirbi - of Our New Possessions," Spencer.., 'will concluded ' the- - nntu by Anna Garlin in our nxt' issue. Save Your Money! And when you tret a dollar, !.;- with Ziua's" Savings Uank ,v ' 'uaij) UiV. the oldest ami lurjjv-- t .c' v bank li Since I. , ;f tah. of tl ' otublishinciit ' ;hm1 more than l!1.'ux' haw opt ueeoant's: ings bles.-.ed"- ku:k t!i-- - . ,;..-- law- - of Utah permit :. '; and a bo (diildrt n wlioare iri: : in ihiir uwu t(t oH-avit!g ori- e. Ilia o own to snltjt-ettioir nann;. ' such an aeountl-If no:. ...-' one NOW. sq-en- 'i'h' v()Mi'Ti ais-oant- s t - V(-- d niv FOUR Pllll a: XT "IX- THIiLST on auv amo'int from and corn pat v';:"d lar to inteivst foar tim s a year. WKlTil fur any information Loin:.zo. Sxow. 1'iv.t. . ;i:oi:gh M. Cantnox, (.'aforr Wu c g tlio'i-and- s, i - Xo-- . Main -') Stu'i-t- . 8r Removed to 48 and u . "Our Duty to Tin- address, o 50-- Main St, SALT LAKE CITY. . (L-a- d The Leading Retail Gash House. but-nothin- c - . SEMI-MONTHLY- R.K.T-B0MAS- - - QREGON - SHORT LII RAILROAD e upo-nTk- TIME T.VBLK IN El'FKOT MAKCII J . ; lb-ino- - O- Frc.TD Og.len. Cnclie y j ' Fr;i:M.'l-c- Yrimx j .' n, ' , .. !.'.: Clt " ' ()!n, Otf'lcn. jCmrhe Valley S.ui .y'. Ohtca'o. St. LonM, Omaha ami De'Tcr find S:m Saiiite Vt Franclsf. . . .. - 3:(!.' p.w-Frr.i- 7- i.W-Fro- -0 aud Jafennedlate- !.. !):.'-f":-- m '1 6 iV !, ir"" ' DICIWUT. - - . j I J ' : , From Tirjtic, Morn.ir and lntcrmedlAre pi)lnts 'From Toofle aud Terminus.. o y ' Kan-a-- .Vaiey, ortlanl, niittc anil Frisco, Milfoni, ; j 1 13, ' J- 1 j AKKIVK, Chlcigo, Om.iba, St. Louis J'roai -i - '. j I ; . ; ; For Oden. Park CiryyOmaha, Chicago, DonvervKan- a.m.p. City and StJ&m ...... ....... For :!"ia.ra. and Inf rTiidite points.. !'For TintltyMrcur-'aiuInttriuediate points ' For 0.leulenvfr. St. Lonis. ChiPiio. San Francisco CM) a.m,. iKt.) fort'anil, Sar, Franclsc). . . . . .... .... 5::i-- ' a.w-.- . Sanpotp, Milfr.rd and Frisco-...fFl'rwo, 7:4'or looi.'le and Terruluuf..;. .. ' ?Ti ait).-- ! outh of Juab d;- not run Sunday? JDa?iy except Sunday..0fiMi,-C.iclA'aiic- - ". - . - - i the same Gospel--today- . X1 .u- - "Spokedf the bavior. "'from even the beginning' vvouieu, V. coua- coining- oi e City Ticket Office Under Masonic Halb ourlvord and s must acknowledge the h,n wcavui. be numbered ;, '; becond South Street. V ' r,;:.:. V. EC CLE'S Vice- Fin: Li v, Arnt D k. : W. H. etdn 11 A NC UO Gen. P. and T. FT. and Qeq') Ma'ougsr- - " ' ' 