9 XV sk. The Ballot in the! lands SALT I,AKK CITY, UTAH, JUNK i, 1899. CON TK NTS. jV.Kv vtir.g, Afton goal to uhiui UK-- a-e and seer Jiavepn!p)u-:r- (l tii::t tair.tlv" in arcs .through far The n.,!,. was sounded, greV, dwindled again, IVats like full llood-tidat the bar. Vomirig. . Alke A. Gardner 0 if I v !" tl? W:Mcn of Our New I'oss Rev. Anna (larlin Spenn.r s,',. .. . .' ()..u.:: Yioria's Hirthday. e In c vi rv air that - ' . lv"Vt .v .r-- i ! K"-'d.:t:or- . . K. . ; YY. MUM; Si t ! :; rdl's . d d ! S . Mn. ling at Prv iVi.-- , Lruk or hr,-ii, ,.r.....w th5 wonl lip in forth n,yl.l,I r':..,. Maiuir.d.are t i,Rv kin; a i:ew faith leap?, iower; An.' and meet the hour :" I A. Tr:t- -' Me.i'ig. Castb I No. i, -scat ::ra'!('n...,....,. - IVacc" em Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Ho me, the State arid the Nation, cf-Hh-c Vol. 23. p-:- rv rci xvx licit It II : ale. k. NCI and celebrate their birthdays. They may have b en just as heroic in their works iu .times of peace, but it is the war side that we think of as the heioic side. And so we must set up for our children heroes of peace. We must make them realize that the heroes and statesmanship and literature are as great as those of war, and then they will not so greatly long for the glory of war, but rather for that of peace." of-scienc- e I)K. TALMACK. PEACE DEMONSTRATION. K. Anderson Ur. J. K. Talrmge followed: "This is but the seed time," he said, ..v. iiiii movement VI NT1.,, ",oI Ni W! I.M .. . !M)I VI fa- IVa "the harvest ' will come after, but ums-wi hi: h woiii j, .'Ahv.L- C- Schilkr tiu: I' W. P. C. .... as no harvest can come without a planting AM: MOVJ.Mi , Kll JiSi'.'s Kl : The I't.:'. v iVr.ferenee." i we i.Ku-nmust sow the seed early if we expect a rr.i.v kiaukkkii.-"Peacmonai, harvest. An Important Gathering of Y ,: Kvery government requires its on earth, Rood will to men" was to submit their differences to the people the of the Woman's Peace conven keynote and it is not strange that in this courts, X US..... ...... . tion held at the Assembly JlalLoiuhe eve-- age, when it comes to a n.v: 0.1c tu Queen ViOuriol . Alfred Aim hi j. inntr ol May 1;. An audience crathered between nations these nations fly to the The H';:r. . . .". s Josrphine Spencer I. that filled the structure to about most brutal and primitive methods to settle 'hi A: ,e of its capacity, and although there .was litthat difference. It is a terrible game of tle demonstration or enthusiasm shown." checkmate; torpedo boats are built. to de there was a undercurrent of intense deep boat ODE TO OUEEN VICTORIA. stroy ships; torpedo destroyers follow. feeling through all the addresses of the Homing pigeons, first cousins to the bird evening, which sank into the heart of of peace, are used to carry messages of war, Governor Wells presided and now the word comes that falcons are t'r.c flowering-i- n your fair young everyone there. over the meeting. being trained to catch and kill the harmless V,'h:r: rlrst the sceptre laid on vou its load A. Smith George opened the meetinc messengers. Yet universal ncace will seed time and how well vou S:.rir.gt::r.e an a which he with prayer," in called down the come at length, though it will not be s..v;e':. of the at once. And fullest success will farrow's Life's long duties trace, h the blessing Almighty on the peace lavish-hanuuh He asked smiles movement. that of the who those sat only come' when men follow the precepts of vonlh. altering, an grave. in hicli places 'in the councils of the nations the humble Xazarene and love each other Uh, what a harvest, lady, now is yours, to who the and had the lands as themselves." power plunge Err.jiir'e and fame and glory, and above Mrs. F. D. Kimball recited Kd win tinder their control into war, might be led G;;ry and ian:e-- av universal love Lv; routed fleet) i :r re veref.ee 1 ha t insifrrs to desire for peace ana not for war.- - He Arnold's beautiful poem, "Peace, "and'then. r.,;ra::ce oi your name as long as time en- in sons now of the a ripple of applause, amid Utah's .battling spoke eurvs. ' Philinpines. and asked that those to whom W. II. King arose. Indian summer 'of your days, Vt: i:ner in ;he land our boys were opposed might be lead to you love so 'well, JUDGE KING FOR PEACH. Ar.d renhVe that the American flar meant to :r.ay we who' no less love yon; dwell. In repset".l radiance of your eaxe, freedom and peace, and not the yoke of "Our government," he said, "should lo seen through autumn's silverv slaverv. the first to take up the great movement to Governor Wells then read the call for secure universal peace. We. of all nations. the meeting and introduced Hall, should,, take the lead in such a movement. read-thTHE HOUR. Czar the of of Russia letter who This republic of ours, dedicated as it is to the meet v summoned he which in powers supposed to be, to ideals of freedom and rl.herc 'sotinds the Watchman's cry, on The at a in peace convention '';e 'vellers in time's narrow street Hague peace, nas in the past year spent $300,000, litunv's of events- which tVcfinv ooo, for war Considering this, isn't Jt May 15.. HoMs tor the dawn to ireet. time that our nation should reach out its MRS, mavnakd's address. 5n t!:e s''ence of our listless night, hands in the effort to obtain peace? This V' Uas;ng v. ith clarion-ton- e a countless brood - Mrs. Mila Tupper Maynard was the first movement is not wholly. Utopian; it is not stinsn dreams the light proclaims V' nian's true Tirotherhood. .it is " "ihe proposal tor a peace con- unattainable. itWar is abnormal; speaker, brings good to almost no vention." she said, "was received with de- - wholly wrong; v5' not the of the Pharisee it the world over. It was welcomed one, and lays upon the people a terrible. . p iof P:-- ' word of all the vrarring creeds, those in high official positions in a harsh, a heavy burden of tears and toil Pf. a Cause at last to be rYat.c ,v by gladly L.ad sorrow. But we are progressing, and ' of Deeds. all lands. Yet among the people, among and the day will come at last when universal every class, it ought to be moreer welcome peace will be over the earth: when our couni's-- armies whom the torch of war the seemed to be. lust of .strife and blood- -; than it has Ftm-P:X"ASv'"Ilh brulLshwho hopes our prayers and our prophecies will laud peace meetings are being held this be have seen the stSr women, (j? fulfilled, and there will be no more war. empire ;ise through flood evening.. Yes, all over the civilized world. In that day one kingr will rule on the earth. here ana And the and he will be Christ, and His reign vyill ,Tav-the number at each one or mese meetings be from hearts, which, fired with ''w, V'i:!t:i, pole to pole. zeal fhpi -- n will be- cabled abroad. t mvaniaiyuuu - -a-At:'an rnt, laid everylvindred tie MRS. W. Q. JEKNINGS. and our peace commissioners will know, of itar oi .that wea- ltUo. rr1a tlipv renresent are dointr. Mrs. William C. Tennines said" that it all the people cared to see the dream of If realized, war wouldn't be wTas too much to hope that universal nentv WifX the bearts Of i UU1Y." in priceless panoply, 'would follow immediately after the peace::' Tr,r- otriAfilc to our vonti0r men BjT-hrone,t.i,v f Kingdom rntoc Th e meeting itself will have Because it seem-- to them the co n fe re n ce7 why? and th,i ancicnt law and no definite results1 she said, "but al! Of to win honor anu gioiy. bnly-wa- v puts his seal the code; v eCfcnceon heroes of war, we point to them erreat movements have been Preceded bv our n mihter gentler, honor TheCi? symbol of her weal of a sentiment and a desire fo r an .open road as models' for our children, we revereuiern the spread V.,..v W.'-m- A Miio'nary. :; - . . ...Mr!. Adflisnn Pratt M I! M..r;- at - K e ' Till: V. : j mi.!v ' ! 1:1 . , of-peac- e , - - i I ;Vi-..rL:- ! 4- N ES- ( en-lighten- ed - i'.-.- f . two-third- ri-- '.: v.-a- ? ... 1 : at-tam- ed ' , -- 'J;',1 iX .s"-i'e- n -- h.h. e , r'?:' ' ' -- A J the-Vok- e , cant-phras- e , inth-.gar- ltP-h- t - ; All-ov- number-m-attendan- ce com--.o- n - . ' " ; "' ' f ' " ' earthly-potentates- - ; d 1 - s - 1 ' - : : W 