WOMAN'S KXPOXKNT. pooF and needy "had been looUd "after, and An effort had been made Ui' oi y c ui).sel in plan I i ii g m u Ibe rry t rees It in view of silk culture in the future. Ti.ifT Ii in sum-.sui. and sne noied me society would double iUs efforts another sea the blessine of the Lord "had son. been upon our labors, and she felt very ap preciative lor His many mercies. Counselor Mary K. Hanks said we need at all times. Our the aid of the priesthood , leading brethren and sisters are trying to prepare' us for the events that are Coining The time has come when wq huve to live Xow'is ut) to the nrineinles of the Gosoel. the time to shake oil our liidillerence. Spoke on the word of wisdom, also on pay inir tithes and offerings, and of the missi'm of motherhood arid the go )d lives we as sisters should 4rad.h fVuitisi-lnSnrali I Fnrsvthe said we should teach our children the principles of the C,omc1 and encoura-- e them to attend their ineetings. We should keep all the commandments more strictly. the Pri.s?d..nt Louisa I. Tn j lor renorted . ... l j Kremivnt branch. They are a united band of sisters. President Margaret J. Taylor reported With the Loa branch, they are energetic. aid oi the Voting Ladies, the society there had purchased a lot in a better location .than the present one. Both the'associations intend to unite in building a suitable hall union prevailed s i 7 - - - ' r " - " ' - to meet. in. President W. K. Robinson was pleased to Have the privilege of attending Relief Society conference in such a comfortable and pleased to see so many out. building, MM..-A'. 1.. 1... .". U... ....! ihotliers, who liave the forming of the minds of future generations. We are. made strong by sustaining one another, he loved to see and sustain Relief Society work. We all have responsibility placed upon us. Kvery. sister should be an active member. Prayed the Lord to- bless all connected 'with the good work. Singing. Benediction by Bishop N . . Mansfield. Afternoon session. Singing, "Come, O Thou King of kings." Prayer by Klder Kdgar Jeffrey. Singing, "The happy day is rolling on." President Sarah G. Meeks reported the Thurber branch as prospering. Sister Juliette Blackburn spoke on some of "the instructions given at the last conference, and bore testimony to the "efficacy of prayer. Patriarch Blackburn said there could be no heaven without the sisters. He was here to bless the sick, felt to bow before the Lord continually and thank Him power made. manifest. Said there is not enough devotion and spirituality cultivated. Our young sisters should guard" their virtue as they would their lives. - Angels are The sisters hold in their watching us. hands the destiny ofthe home. Secretary. Anna Coleman presented the General Board and Stake. officers, and they Tor-rewcic susmineu Dy unanimous vote. and G rover branches were reported by their respective presidents as doing well. President-Klizabet- h Rust reported Caine-vill: She said in '.summer time, instead of making quilts and- sewing at working meetings, they all met on that dav aticT turned put with their hoes and cultivated their lot, which is planted with mulberry trees, beans- and corn. It ivp Ahr vtJV1..1 dewe , 4 I . ' J A.7)Kicr,Act Su - of having seen !be rropliet josepn amun rophesy, and had his. words fulfilled." "If we are faithful we win live We live in a to see great events transpire. glorious dispensition. Sister Maria Jakeman reported Lyman branch doing well. President Jane S. Coleman was gratified with the good reports of the presidents. Advised, where grain had been raised this season, to gather as usual and store it up, When Relief S ciety teachers isit, their conversation should be of Relief Society . work and the Gospel. Thurber Relief Society Hall was then dedicated, President N. K. Robison offer- nig the dedicatory prayer. Benediction by Bishop W. H. Morrill. Anna Coleman, Sec. and heard him 4 On October 23', the club was' ndn 4 jwuu.-iwiWU'IU' liy .'Jin. iiuiiii. Hrj. and self culture of oi .'hidi hygiene, jects she herself is an able exponent. j i, President Zina D. H. Young' was.p.-Lsewhich wasa great pleasure to the ladies of the club, as of late her many, duties Imv-prvented her being with us except now and then. Her name heads the roll of lienor of the Reaper's Club, among whom aie also m e. President jane S. Richards, President Bathsheba W. Smith and President M. Isabella Home. Though we rarely have their presence to grace our' meetings, yet we appreciate their coming whenever it is pos sible for them to attend. LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- MEETING. Y y The Ladies Meeting convened in the 14th ward hall, September 30, 1S99, at 2 p. nr., President M. I. Horne Semi-Monthl- presiding. Meeting opened with singing, "Lord we come before Thee now." Prayer by Sister M. W. Wilcox. Singing, "O say what is truth." Minutes of previous meeting read and approved. REAPER'S CLUB. President Horne (said when we come' to The Reaper's Club held its first meeting the house. of the Lord, we should leave our after an adjournment for the summer, at cares at home and centre our minds upon the lCxrONKNT office, lempleton, on Sep God; that without the spirit of God we cannot live acceptably. Alluded to the simpltember 11, iSc)9. Said the spirit of God, A very interesting paper, was read by icity of the Gospel. Mrs. Amelia Woolley Wardrop, on the life helps us under all trying circumstances if of Benjamin. Franklin. 'She mentioned we put bur trust in Him. Referred to the incidents in his early life that exerted an trials of the Saints in the early days, and influence upon his character and energies, how God has blessed them. Spoke also of and that were instrumental in making him the blessings we have 111 making the earth successful in the midst of unfavorable sur- so productive, and the privilege women roundings. At one time he published the have in gaining useful knowledge, and also Panisylvauia Gazette, in which he wrote the many duties devolving upon us in some important articles, etc.; also published various Ways. an almanac in 1733, that was quite a wonSister Brown felt if we cultivate the spirderful work in that day, and commenced it pf God our minds will be enlightened and the study of languages. He. afterwards our understanding quickened. Referred to occupied positions of trust, and was sent to the importance of Temple work. Kngland and France to perform .important Sister Rachel Grant spoke of her visit to services for his country. He invented the and the good spirit enjoyed conductor,' at the conference there. President Snow by discovering the lightning by the electric current while shook hands tvith three hundred children; He was one of the she never saw healthier or finer children.5. flying his ianious kite. siguers of the Declaration of Independence. She thought it a great privilege to pay He died in 1790, at the age of eighty-fou- r tithing. We should keep the command- ments of God and observe the laws of ) ears. Mrs. Mary L. Morris gave a sketch of nature. We could live to be. healthier and the life of George Stephenson, inventor of happier by observing these laws. Thought the railroad locomotive. the time was drawing near when we cou!4 These subjects were discussed by mem- go back to Jackson Co. Desired to live bers, and the many wise sayings Of Frank that she might be among, those wTho return lin, and his wonderful career, were talked to do that work. Shp looked noon .trials of; also Stephenson's genius and inven- - as blessings in disguise, and rejoiced that 110ns. she was associated with the best people on The club met again on September 25, the earth. . and after transactiug some considerable Sister Bathsheba W. Smith thought we business, a program was rendered. should .be more interested and do more First, a short but instructive sketch of Temple work; should be economical and the life of Robert Fulton, by Mrs. Ida not run into debt: our tithing and help pay his H'aag, early life and orphanage when a pay the Church debt, and redeem our dead. Fulton constructed some famous iron The boy. if we would promised Prophet Joseph and also invented a diving boat, do our bridges, duty and keep the commandments but the name of Robert Fulton became of God, we should reclaim our children, most famous as inventor of the. steamboat. none will be lost. : He died in 1850, and waa buried near. Trin- The congregation sang '"The spirit of .... Cache-Valley- , . . s . J y -- , - e. - , - portant. . T-hurb- it ways does, with mentioning current events" which, at the present time; aie'qu;tt. , . for-Hi- The club program concluded, as . - " advice rosy cheeks. She gave other good on society work. Sifter Sarah A. Robison said if '.we are united in our efforts a great amount ot ' good can be accomplisbedr We should be . charitable one to another. Bishop M. YV. Mansfield was pleased wiTli the. untiring Vfibrts of the sisters, and was gratified at having the conference held We should' be very Ward. in humble and prayerful, add acknowledge the hand of the Lord' in all things. Sister Nancy Blackburn realized that the spirit of the Lord had been present. Spoke' - I tt.u,u 'V V .111111 II at. t v.j. V I 1 I L , God;' " ' ' ' ; - 