VVO M A N 'S liy . "- - " mna WiNSUnVKCKT. 1 the frozen ground, TLt. snow lies on The r i k i t is dark and Mil'i I thn the inds ,ntlss some distant hill m a ''nn)s man sits i a.r Hi head h boVed in iraer, fe lories to he al home again now and ttr U'nvre ! i low. moan " . "Mr. Richard .Hinton who cave- this division much study, and found that tlie amount of money received at the New York office between June 15' and August .26 aggregated over $235, 000, an average of 3, 400 per day. The. supplies received during the same .period "came to about' $250,000, or 3.500 per day. ''The grand total of gifts from.all parts of the world including ftipplies and trans-- I portation. was not less than $3,0': 0,006 and than $4 ooo.cxxi, al-- I probably, though the agents in different states say it is very difficult to value the supplies. "No Mich munificence was ever known be-- i 'fore in the history of the world. Though the war is over practically the Red ' Cross work and' will, as far as Kkeeps up its Lit can. bend its energies tc ameliorating the condition of the Cubans. In 1'orto Rico little or nothing remains to be done, and in the Philippines there will be no great need of charitable action: but in the a AryJarge. bod yof luckless island people will require assistance for two or three years before they become prosperous Not alone are the and self supporting. fields mined, but the homes, factories, have been machinery andT. - W -- j , j j j ptc ure on the wall, RecalN'to him his college days, cla-sms all. Hi iriends and A - not-mor- j at re four gbtdyears were spent, In thought he st es once niorr, him there, Jh, tuok an! chair await s the open door. . He I Act! thinks "Oh would that could stand fpori that threshold bright,' scenes And Dave those dear, familiar Ioc eertne up to ight." .' in " 5 , I Around the room are tokens dear And then like mi t before his kundivulged j fe is free from care. The rm.m 8 EX PO N ENT . ryes Another vision sweeps, ; ! ! -- gi-o- j of-Cu- ba And svviftly as the life blood Cow, Ajound his heart it cre ps. He hears again his mother's voice, Atul oil his ft vered brow Her gentle hand again is placed, - live-stoc- k nl):', were she with him now!) " 1 re ' - . . . t 11 soul-inspirin- - . A Salt Lake City, Utah, Sunday, Jan.. 15, 1S99. "Ah, yes my life is lonely here '',ul I will not give way, The sun behind the cloud is bright, Although the sky is gray. And when a fortune. I have made, They'll be so proud to know, How I have worked and' "won my way, in all this world of woe." Dear Friend: In my left hand I hold the last bright little leaf that has fallen from your balmy tree, while with my right hand I essay to trace a few slight veins with the hope that 'theyMnayappearr with no unsalutary effect, on your next leaf when it drops. Upon entering your beautiful .city last .Yes, hopeful be, my friend, for Fate r evening, knowing I had but twenty-fou!s good to those who try, hours-tremain, and that all the daylight I Heneath the cold snow of despair, should spend here would be while the The Crocus blossoms lie, sacred Sabbath was lulling her children inAnd they will bud and bloom for you, to quiet inactivity, a feeling of disappointare (lone, days Ere.many ment crept over me. But I had not long to he clouds will pass from out your way, I had scarce droop over my misfortunes, for And the behold the sun. ly made myself comfortable at my noiei Being hunwhen dinner was announced. I was glad to be seated at table with gry RED CROSS NURSES. the Other guests, and not very anxious to enter into conversation with my entirely HAMM. MAKGIIEKITA AKLINA new neighbors until my appetite was somethe sick and. what abated.. Of the liuibeslie-aUemk- j n The rst I remember UTinndf'H rme were hired and received a a young woman at my.' right offered, salarv, , A second class received no salary, I said I would prefer catch-up- . but had Hheir expenses paid. A thjrd cl&ss me pickles and; That broke the ice. . paid their own" 'expenses and traveled great i the South or North "from the "Are you distances in going' from their homes to the Indies. she asked. ..camps in the South or in the West "From the. East," I answered. "And A fourth class consisted of members of local ' branches residing in the neighborhood of yourself?" to attend the "I came up from the South the hospitals, who volunteered their serare here for the vices for a day, week, or month, and who funeral. Suppose you same ourpose, are you not?" did not wait for any special order from the ''Didn't knovvtbere was to be a funeral, central authority. ; Besides nurses there "Whose is it, and when does I answered. were1 distributors, inspectors, physicians, it take place?" clerks, guards, bookkeepers and others. George "You did uot.know that Brother served t volunteers over tomorrow-aAltogether 1,000 is to take place, funeral Goddard's the of their country in the peaceful ranks Ah, but 2 o'clock, in the Tabernacle Red Cross arrav. Pardon me, then you are a stranger here 'Of the amount of money raised and exwere one of our but you I- had no thought difficult pended by tlie Red.. Cross it is very to get anything like 'accurate figures. A PewKot on finelyffer that few contribute rs p'nd auxiliaries published l must believe, o -- of-spea- kmg was-whe- ' . ! ! .. - -- : either to the supply depots or to the camps. g Raciiku.k Muiiettk. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1 Ithecyalue-- i M. The tears unhidden fill Ins ejes," Then dashing them away He rises to his feet again, And now hear him say: ' ' might finci the door that wvUXOcnett rtii all humble srekers afttr ' light and truth, if they will but knock. She it was,- that friend, that angel of mine, who put into mv hand .this Fhst of January "Wonnn's Exponent" with its. most wonderful tracings of your magnificent organization, the Relief Society, some of the marvelous works qf which are shown in the brief reports contained in that patK-rBut she explained much to me regarding your people in a way and manner that I shall hardly find in books or papers, and she took me with, her to the Great Tabernacle to attend that most splendid funeral. I never can forget what I saw and heard to. Henceforth I there, and I never-wanwould like to work for and with those same Sunday Scnool children," among whom that grand chielta of yours, General .George Goddard. has spent so much of his life. Your teachers of righteousness are the most thrilling, speakers I have ever listened to, and I have heard the most eminent and eloquent divines in different parts o'l the world. In making my "adieux, I have now but to say of your woncerful city and people, "The halt has never been told." And I feel like adding, "Your people shall be my people, . and your God my God." -- SonMknded BEAUTIFUL RESPONSE. A very bright little army woman rose to the occasion well a few days ago when she was one of the guests at a small luncheon given at one of the large hotels for ome distinguished New Kngland people. It was a large affair' and in an impromptu ' manner a number of toasts were given. In the midst of it the little army Woman with hor- - hor heard some one say: .; "We have among us the wife o an officer "in the regular army, and J think it is only fitting that she should respond to the toast 'The Flag.' " The men applauded and the women smiled encouragement, and trembling a little as she held up the glass of wine, the officei's wife spoke: "I belong to a class of women to whom the 'flag is especially near and dear. All day it waves over the roofs of our little, homes in the far frontier, and at sundown the rustle of its folds, mingled with the notes of 'The Star Spangled Banner,' is the hillabv of our babies. We know that it will be the winding sheet of those dear est 1o us.. Since the word bantiago haVbeen written in' our hearts I see yet more in this flag in its red, the blood of our martyrs; in the white, the paleness of their ashen facesrin the blue, the lips se: with the word 'Freecom,' and in the stars, the soul forever." that will shine-on Mrs. Mary A. Wright was elected to the Idaho House of Representatives froin Kootenai County at the recent elections, to Mrs.; Clara Campbell of Ada County, and Mrs. Harriet Noble of Boise. Mrs. Ellen C. Johnson, superintendent of the Sherborn prison for women, has been deleappointed by Governor Wolcott as a gate from Massachusetts- to the Convention; of the National Prison Association to be held at New Orleans, Jan. 21 to 24, She is announced to address the convention on ' Trisons. for Women. ' ' in.-additi- - on 