r The Ballot in the Hands the Women of Utah should. le a Power to tetter the Home, the State arid the' Nation. of SALT I,AKI - 27- VOL-'- " - " ' CONTENTS: Cornelia S. Robinson. l Expansion lri..i:i. March 17th Celebration E, Crane n W. U'a'tson. Anniversary Day at Denver-Ja- ne Notes and News. Address Em- .j R S RcPorls: Gone lo Rest u'cllsH A Sketch of the I.aredites-- Tjj Mary A Gardner. Red Cross. Massa-usctt- s i )on. Reorganize the Pratt. Debate. on Polygamy. Notice-R- .B. oJI. . - 1 No. CITY, UTAH. ArRIL T," possibility of Suffrage in both these inferior territories it would be an insult to the intelligence of our women suffragists should Those eyes now dim were once so bright, they be suspected of advocating the annex-atioThey beamed with joy and love and light; of a still more inferior country, name Rut the parsing tide of years ' ly, the Philippines. r Has found them peru-inthe gospel plan, It seems necessary' to retrace the events Or seeking the good in erring man, that led to the first decisive blow in our 'Ha .found them dimmed with tears; controversy "with Spain. Suffice 'it Has found them keeping their nightly watch that curiously enough this blow was- struck Ry sone poor sufferer's bed in another .hemisphere, and resulted in a What wonder if they are dim today, history of victory without parallel If the luster andlight have fled warfare, and the Stais and Stripes floated Those quivering lips have made our heaven, over Manila. Thus the exigencies of war Have cliided wrong, have counsel given, brought us face to face with a question of Have soothed life's storms away; which we had never before even dreamed, and the excitement of victory may be urged They have told of faith and'of holyTpve. ' Of a death below, of a life above; as a partial excuse for having made two mistakes,'- Grst in demanding the island and They have taught our lips to pray; second in paying $2o,ox),ooo, practically They h'ave sung the GreU. Redeemer's praise In accents clear and mild; bearing all the expense of the war, in that Have led the way wird sinner home diiection, which by oppression ' -- From haunts by sin defiled. . and treachery Spain had brought upon herwithout parallel, considerself, a The furrowed brow, the silvered hair, ing the character and location of the terriThe cheek grown hollow with toil and care tory. ue Are tokens of honor Now that the enthusiasm of victory has from their pretty, girls, subsided, we shall have no excuse if we With dainty gowns and glos-- curls, "make a third mistake.. Mamia will be reAnd from budding manhood, too; tained as a coaling station, an advantage Then give them a smi!e as you pass them by, which could have been secured without the ; And bid them a kind burdeii of possession, but what adv i;itage And be rt ady to lend a helping hand can be derived from the rest of the islands. To assist them along their way. In the first place they are so remote from mothers and fathers true, our dear for And the United States that affiliation would be whole the day the way grow brighter May impossible under the most favorable conthrough, ditions for the next five hundred years! bear. to hard less eross the And Secondly, the resources consist of products often been has drear, the We know path almost wholly extractive or agricultural, near, and lurking doubt With danger "and even though the islands are rich in With heartfelt griefs to share; such products, what do they offer us that is Father's our But the lulu that shines from not at our very doors, even in our great throne northwest? What climate necessary to a E'en now you can dimly see peculiar product that we cannot find somefull your joy, In that beautiful home, oh, how where within the boundary of the United States? How complete shall your glory be Aye, and where great 'tracts of ... . Alofa. fertile land may be had ior the asking, with at entertainment folks' oM the for Written no increase of burden to our government, 1S39. Feb. 22, Fairview nor additional taxation to our citizens. It is said tLe resources of the islands are great and trade will be increased, as with LABOR AND EXPANSION annexation the duties will be abolished; and "what advantage would this be to the In our new possessions Hawaii and Porto of nation with labor in the Philippines at ten Rico we have a problem, the magnitude ? : which we have scarcely begun to realize, cents per day v. of UllW the pulse j.vv.v.y listen as attentively as we may; of more the adequately advisability the with proba, sidering the nation beats irregularly on the other labor difficulties restricting immigration, and the of augmenting bility hand we are struggling to annex ten milnow being experienced in the south. could lions of people at one stroke, whose average we But war gave us Porto Rico wage level is ten cents per da ; a number .and Hawaii-w- ell. ourselves, help scarcely it would take years to annex by immigrawe have Hawaii... tion. In this situation what becomes of If we should ever regret theirforacquisition-o- the principle involved in our protective annexing be called upon to apologize we may make he policy? either, island, at least We pride ourselves, ana justly, upon tne within the they-a-re that excuse plausible fact that the protective policy in fostering of the principle inJealous hemisphere we may industry prohibits the competition of cheap volved in the Monroe doctrine, labor, and thus maintains the American ' honorable consistency of with a degree of wages. Shall we abandon the allmonarchiai or aristocratic lorms of standard beneiiceni poncy ai uue suukc: off! No government? fvernmeiit-ban- ds has a democracy shall alt agree that previous immigration; than lower, institutions made this country what it is. Surely, these this' hemisphere exist in thv it may be observed that Not eVn when it led oVr trackless plains, So dreary parched and dry. . v ' n g , to-sa- . - Kl)iriA!.:-Noiic- ,.vr In Our Day. Anniver-r- v A Pleasant Gathering. es. N't v Hall. Eiitornl Notes. IVETRVr-OI'Mver-Ni- na in-th- ! Old Fo'ks-Alo- fa. Eckart, The Maic ur -- A Mother's" N F. Key-- R. OUR OLD FOLKS. . ' matter There are There arc There are There are No which way I look today, - heads of white or of silver gray; shoulders bowed and bent; 1 ( hardened hands that tremble'so; feet that falter, so weak and slow;-Swee- t graces whichJime has lent Itere are furrowed brows, and ejes grown cm), due-D- As from trouble ar.d toil and tears; There ate hollow cheeks and quivering lips, That have followed the flight of years. red-cheek- y -- matter w here I turn today, There arc voices near me that seem to say, No good-day- "Oh, u beauty mine Qyes behold . In the good and noble who minle here To partake of the love, to feel the cheer Those beautiful souls grown old-Gr- own . , - old neath their burdens of toil and : . care, of ." Grown old in the school love, Grown ol J with the griefs that have been their ' " "' - - ; share, . -- their God above." Each bending form doth a story tell, 'Tis old but true you may read it well The tale of paternal care: 'To provide a home for my girls and boys, ? To relieve their wants, to increase their joys, An! to give to each his share Of happy clays and of pleasant hours, To make his pathway bright, I have borne the heavy weight of toil, Grown dear to . From early morn til! Those trembling, - , ! " - sunbrowned hands Have scattered . ' ' blessings in many lands," 'And in many a cheerless cot; : have They sown the seed, they have held the -- IJLl- plow, Have tenderly pressed Have gilts to the the fevered brow; needy brought; They have deftly fashioned the beautiful ' . . robes, . Ahich their sons and daughters wear; They have lifted the curse from a barren land. And have ; made it good and fair. Those .feet that travel so very And best when they have not Once moved with . - slow, far to go, an easy grace. And they went on errands of love and cheer, On missions of mercy far and near, Scarce, seeking a resting place, ." no ;path was, too rough, no road too " . , ion: For those willing feet to try, . . night." hardened, td . r ! ! ";tJi - 