r VV!rf kindness ' V W J. J.BaiVJi'v Horace and Fred Knsign iiy!or,Il(lers. A pos'tle i " Lti vVei cadi T and .viuw.s uurus auu uore their .President. Home said . see. so many hilis, siKk'e:; few 'of" tin' elnVrly who h;?d snent thtir 1;.:..: ":i, I'vX'hihjf tin. nihil... u ' I Ve must expect ' Gates organized a persecution; our Savior mid us this, but we .Ktlkl S:iety'm I'ueblo, Colorado, Sister should all be thankful that the "lV.itts p: ending at the 'meeting. Apostle of the Gospel cann,t be taken knowledge from us. Taylor told the sisters they had tlje privi'-.- . Meeting adjourned for two weeks, Sam ice of choosing their own president.. They 'Doxology, Benediction. elected Mrs.- Klizabeth Hart who chose Ji'UA S. Wooi.lj:y, Sec. " fur her counselors Amanda Coleiiian and r.r'' Home 1 .juu.it jJie-ent'e- r.TirV .thoe oui trri-o . . risier 10 her 80th biitlulav Ijv 'the Relief C'Ciety, and. said it was a very appropriate and beautiful tribute to tmo uvn ttixoil we can do. Ali- of (uirjoung people dctYot appreciate the work that is. 'done by the sisters and the Relief Society. The presidents .should be alive to their work and not allow ' ."ULll-H- i ; i:g. nil strive to create an inr.jiin.i Simmons, Klla Branch, secretary invite terest, seme one to come- - and j.;i'e The sociTurner Johnson treasurer. R..S. RHPORT. be flourishing and" meetings special subjects, a lecture, or whatety seems to. ever they can do. They are mother's classthe sick, the poor and SALT l,A Kir STAKK., jte well attended, es'. ''Sister Home wisiies ine to kiv that vraly ar: attended to according to their The she feels that .i. insniied the sisters" nad. They have a little money on hand Kehef ouarterlv shi-d to do the;-diwhat for Society convened December 3 iSnS-iher, to make her .mJ arc nuking ajuilt, so we learn from the 14th ward a! eightieth birthday memorable, and she is Assembly Hall, at 'io a letter recently received. m. Present on the stand wore President very grateful." SpAe of Shter Kimball We have been .notified by letter of the M. I. Home, Counselors Annie and she said.. was the only woman so far :is' T Ilyd-an- d officers in made the Sociof Relief lie knew that had laid the corner .stone lor Clara C. Caniton, Presidents Zina I). change The Sevier" Stake. of Sister president. II. oung and Bathshcb.i V. Smith of the a building, the Relief Society hall in the ety Kl'izab-t- h Bean, and her first counselor, General Boardjand also of the . Stake Board; 15th ward. Sister Timra Thurber, had presided since Julia C. Howe and Counselor Clara C. Cannon 'said she felt Lydia 1). Alder, aids the first organization nearly .twenty vears Maria V. Wilcox, Very grateful 'to. the Lord that she had been corresK)nding secretary-August0:1 account of disadvantageous cirbut . V. Gfant, raised from a bed of io Said sccretarv. recording The confcumstances preferred to resign. wc be cannot for His Meeting, opened by singing "God moves grateful enough many erence was held at .Glen wood and Klder in a mysterious lives' our .should be Llessii.s, such that we way." Praver hv s;?trr will be Joseph Home, counselor to the president of Julia C. Howe. to the living examples Singing "The resurrec-Hoyoung peo-pithe Stake, was present and the resignations Much in the renietubrance of Sister Sarah depends upon day," mothers, ; .vere .accepted and a new Board of officers can teach their children not to associM. Kimball whose death was announced they by ate Christina Sorensou, elected, or marry those outside of our Church. president; Sister Home. The roll was then called. M Sister and counseloThe Tueson, teachers can do much good by dropigleby Mary President Home' wished. the sisters to reand Caroline Swindle, rs: Mary secretary, member the meeting is held the first Satur. ping a word of counsel when they visit the Sisters Bean and day in the month each Bwuian, treasurer. "p:aiter. . Tile name families, and .mothers should gather their Thurber are satisfied with, .their labors and of Sister Augusta V Grant was families together when these teachers visit. beplaced feel they have the love and confidence of fore the conference, and she was surtained It is not their only mission to .collect conthe sisters. It was a great surprise to the unanimously as Stake secretary. tributions for the poor, though that is a General Board as they knew nothing of the Presidents of the country wards were great work; they should e able to t xpond f V.fiicers. the scriptuies. We'shodld have something were called upon to report. cnrige President Home was pleased to hear the instructive' in allour society meetings, From. her visits to the different reading or sometliing besides tepnrts, that reports, i.ADIHS' S E M I - MONTH LY MEETING the young people may be attracted to the associations she found them all in good con' dition: Those Who donate will b? blessed, meetings. that the revela- .the spiritual work, which .. , Sisterx'IIorne raquosted . meeting held November, but those who-d...... ... 11 :.i " unuu.i onnui snouiu be read 20th, 1S9S, in the 14th ward hall, President is very important, will have additional M. I. Home un.s is uil 25m section " iNow that winter is coming on presiding, opened by singing, blessings. Ule nftPr-thUnctnue and M Covenants. un President ivnrthir who would be Saints indeed;" 'we must lrok Homemade a few on remarks the same Zion stands must be taken care of. Prayed that the prayer Sister Brown; singing with hills surrounded;" Minutes read and Lord would bless us all and evpectnik hose- who have come so far this morning in the of these revelations, and take note of their prinfcd' iTeWeTirrTrIorne said. "this is a proving day and a pruning day; cold. Spoke of the death of Sister Sarah meaning, it will be a great benefit to them and they can see that the 'prophecies are bewe have our liberty, our choice, ouragenc', M. Kimball, and her faithfulness and good The Prophet Joseph Smith ing fulfilled- '.ve can serve God or not; X '" attend to works in life. our prayers and our duties we shall not resect and consideration President M. W." Wikox, 4th ward, Salt always had great go ' "astray, so said Joseph Smith, "Satan has Lake City, spoke oftlie work of the aged for the sisters. Sister K. Stevenson said when the War great power in deceiving and leading the sisters who try; todielp themselves Have was declared she felt that the way would Exhorted all to be careful made 150 yards frf carpet. sutler-- " rViesidenlma. D. H. Young said, "This ( be opened and the Gospel carried to many pokFrthe 1 wgsof Paul the Anostle- how he had been orzamzatior is irom me uorci. am people Who had' not heard it before. We betried, said she felt well and thanked all for thankful that Lam able-t- o be 'here todav." should be careful of the love fore our children, improve our time and inexpressed bv her sisters on her Gave reminiscences of the days of Nauvoo, birthday, she thanked the Lord that He and hoped the sisters here would never form ourselves in the principles of the Gosher in raising her children and have" to go through such trials. Spoke of pel. If we are tried remember that "Whom the Iord loveth. He chasteneth." Instil gged all young mothers to ask God conV Sister Kimball's good works. faith into hearts the of your children.appre- President Bathsheba W. Smith thought dually for His support to help them fill weir, missions as. wife privilege of going and motherf Spoke now that Sister Kimball was gone she was ciate tllc blessing & and Lord-0i tbe and let us live Rood seed we might sow day by day, the only one who had been present at the lnt0 the. house, '. e live as first organization ot tne Keiiet bociety. our relijrioiii eive ereat attention "to our God wished- - us too. mc i.iiuiv-ij vi muuiuuuuu.i that the first Saturday every three Wanted to see the Keiiet oocietv wide oonths would be Relief Take Society conference awake and ready to do their duty. Sister L. D. Alder said, "I love the Gosdo good to all next Saturday was the appointed day. an interest in our neighbors, .sters Peterson Liddle, Waterfall, Mary and work'in the Temple for the'dead. pel, and I love all those who love the Gos-per Those ; who work and serve the Lord rlver Jones, Barton and Irvine bore r Conference adjourned until 2 p. t God's "The God we. adore." Benediction by. by. demoting themselves to their children are .irnony goodness to them and doing a great work; but those who add to President Sarah T. Cannon. Afternoon session 2 p. m. Singing, ''0, this work by laboring in the Relief Society ijiv vjuiiita, need not neglect these duties V Paid a lovA r - O crlnrirnic 7Irti vuugicgauuu J my Father." Prayer by Sister K. L. Where he voice of ing tribute to the memory of Sister Kimball. unsel(;t Bathsheba Smith Smging spoke of the Webb. let us make our choice of things for a lablt- 01 smoking, thought we TrierTdshio's heard." ; Minutes of the last Said nii beUer worlil. 'There sliould be no monrn- and a pproved. conference-reaquarterly e fr Counselor Annie T, Hyde felt.houtired to- ing- when we leave this. world. Great and ' " - w , iv.ii i uiv. 'ah u'd 0:1 - - - ---- ; ' . . t!k--I,or- d n . . a Severe-sickness- e. n . . . Seini-monthl- y o ! . .- 1 I .w - t- 1 . 1 1 - Y-- y ! "Let-thos- -- 4 if-w- people-away.- I L ' sedadTi--5prrit- 5: . - our-conversatio- j of-th- 11 . An-nottne- ed ' , -- h rar-Singin- " . . ! ; ls - d - 1 jpaivui.? juuuju 