WOMAN'S A WOMAN missionary; KXPONKNT. faithful old carriage which for four years iid been a sleepingg., room for my children; besides I had trawled in it two thousand nnles. It was the last piece of that remained of all the labors of myproperty youth We maile our ing found us in the haibor. way to our fiiemls' homes, they received us with great cordiality and made us welcome. Ciitiiuiyl;J Mrs. Tompkins .settled with the captain. Four days after, Mr. Tompkins arrived., KjtI1.cI.1y of July. Koad.S liirKCOUnt- l f i v.t oti1 flown liL-- llifntfurc ff Itf.. f,.4 lull OIll highly offended 'because we had lift att;'. .i, the bark jti" liis" absence. lie assured us he trn! 1 J.. a (li.i... U'li; ..t11v.1v ill JiHli Jlir S ..1.ItT u iiir' Wl II . nts. lhe men went out.m .search of ,.. mt.ln r. cr.u 1,,vm W1 wm ",v"4 sun. We steamer to tow the boat inio the bay,' where, hcorcniiu: !,;; umiid enough to buy some wine and were preparing to iro on board the bark he could make her "ay alone. His wife's to rejoice over of gating Aldcn, Cant. Allien bound brar-ufor. San Fran. feelings were injured hy the over the last mountain. We shouted Cisco. if severity of his .soon alter wounloaded our goods remarks, and he was foiced to 'make an. Some of the crowd several hallelujah! j. l,,ry ' to called, welcome ; gentlemen us apology. r thoi;.':;t as did the father of the prodigal with acts of politeness. in The of hearts They the brethren brought and sisters s,,n: "It was meet that we should make a variety of refreshments, nice drinks and who ha I landed there from the old itf;6 They wanted a pastry. It was thankfully "received, ,:1errv and rejoice." weary ship JhyoUvn, weie open to receive us, to Jubilee. and woriLas we were. supply our wants and prepare us for our 11The horn sounded for 13th day. A man from Si. Louis I found a Sister called, who had voyage across the "e-- s. the people assembled, a married pieaihing: prayed Nau-voparticular friend of ours in ' Corwin, mother of Samuel Brainian's wife, jmi s.ng hymns. He informed us that his wife's an exceedingly wVmau, full of Xn-.we are fairly in the gold country mother had died of cholera at his residence faith and works. She liv:d with her good. a lai.d of desolation, a- barren desert. The in St. 'Louis; that he had sent his wife with in a a house like daughter king's palace. ,.n;r niggers iook ionorn. Jiehold two two children to Xauvoo, With I felt much at Sister William Morev hoping they might run I saw troin the s.'ate of. Illinois, from escape mat home. Shared largely of her lencvoleucc. malignant disease. the immediate vicinity of my brother, whom Joy and sorrow go hand in hand: we rejoice Brother John Lewis came with his carriage I have not seen for many years They to meet old friends, sorrow at parting. Onr and took us to Mission Dolores, thuemiles knew him, and could inform me of his traveling companions who were destined for from San Francisco.The old mission I have been truly homesick to- - the mines called welfare. to bid us good bye. They .house Was built the year of "Independence." ;ay. May the Lord speed us on to our looked sad at the sight of the vessel we had It resembles some ancient abbey, old, place of destination. t Oh, what a dismal to embark in. The. bark was- - large and which it is, built by the Catholics .and No feed, no green thing grow- convenient, but oh, so country We went used for a nunnery. 'Tis of immense sie,' dirty but on board, chose our berths, exjxrctihg to long, dark alleys; with awe gold ingnothing they strike the The i6tb day, oak man Camped grove have a good night's rest. No sooner had mind. We spent two weeks the'e, were near Brown's, a fictitious name for Porter we laid our pillows than the kindly entertained. Numbers there weic Rockwell. Found a spring of clear, cold mosquitos commenced their in branch that Like of the.. Church who showed ravages water. a mob of armed men thev invaded our us great kindness. A better class of citiThe 17th day. Today arrived Brothers quarters. We all abandoned the cabin and zens never' lived in Kan Francisco, a city Amosa Lyman and C. C. Rich, whom we fled on deck; but all in for we could and A large fleet of business.not vain, money wire most happy to meet. s They brought elude their vigilance. larger ships Were lying in harbor; Jhe'sailors had me a letter from my husband, dated April than insects of the common class, their bites all deserted and gone to the mines; no the same he sail Franset. 24th, at San were like the sting of bees. I wrapped myself hands' left day thp mn - - - tn tf'i tlir- viku.Io v..v.cisco for the Islands. The heat is almost in a thick blanket and sat in, my chair. In They looked like a u.ivtik funeral procession. Several old friends who spite of all my efforts to cover myself thev There had been a terrible fire in the insupportable. city a cr.ne to this before us, today called pierced me till my feet and ankles became few months before we'nrrived, but rapidly country r to s:e us. Men are reckless 111 this country; swollen and inflamed. I wore bandages have they made repairs." there-iTen days alter Mr. Fompkins came in, great want of woman's influence. wet in vinegar on my wrists, and went Filth, and confusion throughout Uie whole without sleep till I was completely exthe bark arrived with the remainder of the Caroline bister The wind Was contrary, the passengers. country, She had been balfling about Crosby and I hausted. visited Brown's and Steward's. Those of us who They bark could not leave the harbor. The two weeks in the bay. treated tts kindly aud made us presents. children complained most bitterly! The had left her felt ourselves fortunate; but They make money by selling liquors and captain sent repeatedly to the town to get a when ' Mr. Tompkins complained that hi provisions to the emigrants. To be obliged steamsnip to tow his vessel out, but obexpenses had been too great, I felt it sorely to see. drunkenness and listen to profane tained nothing but promises. At length Greatly did I regret that I had not means to a earn language' livelihood, and that Mr. Tompkins went to engage a steamer. of my own to go on an errand, for the Lord. without cessation, how can they endure it'! One C2tne, but he was riot witli it. The What I do for the cause of Christ, I desire Preaching today by Brothers Rich and captain said he had come to take twenty to.doat my own expense; and I pray for To see their faces and hear their passengers off the bark. Mrs. Tompkins means, that I may show my liberality and. Lyman. voices proclaiming the truth so far from inquired why her husband was not with willingness to do what is essential to 1;e home, is comforting to the soul The reply was, Mile, his done. Mrs. Tompkins never but once rethe steamer; f he 23rd day. Camped six miles from been left by mistake." She gave credence ferred to what her husband had done for Sacramento. . The public buildings are to the assertion and hurried us to remove niy family, and then it was in a passion, aade of cloth. and I forgave her. She is good aud true, Brother Crosby sold his our goods immediately. My brother-in- oxen atid wagon for law would not comply; believing it a de and her faith in the latter-daw;ork w $225.00 Jul.v 24th. One year ago today; we at- ception. Eagerly seventeen rushed on to strong; tended the .great celebration in Salt Lake the steamer .so frantic were we to escape from After a tarry of five weeks in San Francisco our passage was engaged to Tupuai, a''e: Oh, we hope they will remember the furious insects. "3 today, and drink us a toast J We floated on with speed, found trip boat on board the brig Jane A, rrsry, Capt. We are Mrs. Tompkins was not at Salmon., We set sail the 151b of Septemcomfortable. caaipf d on the north fork of the Sacramento "ver; water clear and soft. The brethren all troubled about her husband. She was ber, in fultlllment of a dream my eldest who went back to the mountain after ice certain he knew the way to San Francisco. daughter, had ' two years before, being the ?na snfnv for Stewart's market, have just re- The first event on the boat was a long dis- precise time sliowir in. the dream. Myselt turned tired,' themselves and teams worn cussion with a gentleman on the doctrines and four daughters, my sister, her husband )lltThe price has fallen from one dollar of the Mormon church. I preached to him and one son, twoother.families, six Klders, to five cents per pound. a Gospel sermon, bore my testimony to a in all twenty souls embarked. We found the captain a polite, well-breThe ith. Came dawn to the great city new dispensation, a renewal of all the gifts 'bat ha s. made such a noise in the world. A and blessings. He seemed greatly sur- gentleman; likewise Capt. - Hall, .'who beSrCat C:tr if ic I left for his perusal a pamphlet longed on Tahiti, was returning as passenfnr fVio orro rC if Knf Crt prised. ger, a kind and agreeable man;'...JIr. I'oole,' "uuy. lt is dangerous for people to stop by Orson Pratt. ; :T there. Wp went to our staterooms with high part owner in the vessel, was on board with "Jul) 6th. Pitched our tents on the hopes of rest, but found we had only made his .wife, a sprightly young Knglish lady of Mn k. .S t hLc rf in thp na tn re of- - our foes; the- seven tee n, very itl!ge4adaff of good society, and r There 'were Wagons and the men who had pur- - i latter having their habitation in the berths. chased 11rem Tii rrh f flip ninrtr. but for the intolerable seasickness we might (l.miifrh LUIUUU tho l5"V VC btl "feb'took theni away., I saw my itr "f' "" AMim!i , J 'rait n the s I si i . i ... lie-wa-s v. t T. - 1 111 . 11 . 1 . . 111 .'1 . the-even- t I - - - o. kind-hearte- d v - , ! . . , ! ! . our-heads'o- n ! ' ' . - Two-third- v ; v. . s : ! ! ' y ; . . - d -- -- ; iaaJ -- vr-hu- n - i ....1J - 1 reea-ble- . 