WOMAN'S KXPONENT. 82 Kelt thankful to associate ,. ;(i. anointiiiLr. ingJoAd are altogether, easier than they A . I..', niwiillli.il nt' (Hill si were even fiftv .year ago. , j, 1 , r uus. r. never 01. to cannot mony ougm vjospei Christmas in Kngland this year sorrows. have any the from they 'be a very merr'ie one, judging Ccnselor- Klizabeth' Stevenson sii i "Th- mistlcto hung in. the castle hall, in South Africa, and war of the dispatches The hly bianch shne on the old oak y. all; had been to visit Lehi with Sister Zin.i d ' although Oueeii. Victoria, .is very heroic, H. .And all the tenants veje blithe and e;ay, Young, and they had a time of have j,,, yet m many of Her Majesty's officers Kccpiilg tlieir Christmas holiday." ' that Zina. Said Sifter had conditions-mussp.,kt'a together. been slain or wmimk'd, that were and ucd laurel in eacd'uaneeting.' Tiury. visited th ,.;!i,;;'r effect Holly, evergreen have a depressing necessarily ' She felt that God had in in to decorate the churches early days b;cs :fl:s factory. Ouc.cu.will The vhole the country. upon have the sympathy of all true Americans as a eople and jrovided us with every more is considered sometimes used, approin this time of anxiety, for she is justly' 'comfort. in the Late' occasions. solemn priate for Sister Smith said she knew we beloved by the people of the United States. of Canon Keclcsiastieal" tlie 17th century It is to be hoped that matters may be so. 'our spirits fed. and were all benefited bv ' a decree that nil Christ-ma- s Kngland-issueas to bring this cruel war to a meeting together. adjusted decorations must be'down by the last and now that the court of arbitration Sister Hunter, president of Tooele Stake of January, as it was tivuight to he un- - close; for outlook is so near being established the Relief Society, l)eing present, spoke. .':Iltr fln-tt iit binder 111 nnv.ite be Vfinal compact seems more likely fo desire was .to help build up the kingdom. ' houses. consummated. Spoke ol the necessity of teaching (,u: girjs At the time when the Druids were How ardently one wishes for the day and the' principles of the Gospel. FLdt ering their mistletoe and the Romans were when war shall .cease, and the'augelic in- that boys our trials we're of great benefit in , decorating their temples- in, honor of will "Oil earth peace., good and exhorted all to pray to the Lon! a::d the Scandinavians kindled little bon- junction, from ward men," find' a hearty response thank Him for our comforts and fires in honor of the sun god. Thor. old as the all nations. The "Yule peace," Said in her Stake the society was doing The good cheer of old Kngland at Runic stones of of good good and that the Lord blessed 'them, antiquity, a time Christmas time is proverbial, and and brothcr.Jy love, quarrels all Sister Tofnliuson spoke of the ble.-iiig- s when one reads of the feasting. fellowship anihealed, feuds forgotten, and the world she had received in the Temple. Uelieved The peacock with his gorgeous train was mated love. Is the 'Lord would hear the mother's by the universal spirit of prayer a roval dish brought to the festal board by much to hope for? At any rate, when she asked His aid in raising her chithis too some fair lady, and over him' the knights each one who strives to love his neighbor ldren. errant swore to do or (Ik fof their "ladves as himself is doing his utmost to fu fill the Sister Amelia Wardrop said she had al From custom comes this Justice fayre." law. Our blessed Savior said: .Swallow s oath, in ways believed in the law ol tithing and the Jsy cock and pie. Lve oi:r enemies, do imhkI to theai which hate word of wisdom. She had a testhnoriy of Charles 1,1. time turkeys and capons with ' the truth of the Gospel to bear. . plum "pudding became the regular dish, you. HIess th.eni tliat cuie you, and pray br them a mince Sister "raided said she Stevenson was had not and,the pie and persecute y::. that desj.itcfully-nse.yofive a in thirteen years. Xmas dinner more meetings special requisite at few How heed who there these are A a sister in the congregation said she had than hundred years ago. I lit in words desire the hrnmrlf tbo the to ( AVrwf been blessed many times by coming to these least, yet' - octvis keep. in and excel of fatuous commandments the "Christmas pye" contents many ways. meetings. She always found it easier to do of the olden time. Its ingredients Jesus in His "Sermon on 'the Mount" said: her work'nt home if she attended to her were 2 bushels of flour, 20 pounds of ".Messed are the peacemakers, for they meetings. Another 'sister said she 'knew butter, 4 geese, 2 turkeys, 2 rabbits,... 4 wild .shall be called the children, of God." And that in atteiidintr to her meetiucs she r.l- what jnore fitting time to strive to eulti; ways gained time in performing her house(iucKst 2 wooucocKs, o snipe, 4 pannages, 2 eats tongues, 2;curlews, 4 blackbirds vate this in one's heart than the dav on hold- dut'es. She knew if we first sought and six pigeons, with eggs, sugar,, .raisins, which we .celebrate the nativity of the the ' kingdom of God. and its righteous-ness,"- . lemons, oranges and various kinds of Savior of the world ? everything will be added to us. mothers and housewives like stone." are "it twelve Many Sister Luie Stevenson bore a testinioav One, weighed spicery. would wonder where it could be baked; Martha, whom the Savior rebuked, they of the truth. and yet when one knows what great fire- work and worry and fret, Sister Phelps spoke in tongues, and Sis, "troubled about" many ter Young interpreted it. they had in those old places halls and. castles, .one might imagine that things." It would be so much better if Sister Bateman and Sister Witzel bore even such a pie could be put- in and baked. there were less cooking,. less variety, and faithful testimonies, also two other sisters. In the lower part of the" Nottingham if mothers were not so weary and could Dr, Margaret C. Roberts said she had ..Castle, which, by the by, is about all that get a little. more real enjoyment at Christoffered her services to the society to talk to "; is left of it, Ave saw the largest ovens, just inas time. these young ladies and young mothers on like a great arch, one on eaeli side of a their duties in life. She said she was very "At Christmas play and make e;ood cheer. huge fireplace. Of course they are not For Christmas comes but once a year.' anxious to do all the good she could, in very good preservation, but are still President Home said-s' thought tnere . The Kuitor and at Keuilworth Castle we standing; was a kind of awakening among the Latter-- , counted the remains', of nine or ten imday .Saints; that our numbers were increasmense fireplaces, in one area of the ruin, She wished the Relief Society presLADIES' ing. MEETING. doubtless there had- been ovens there, idents to explain in their societies concernto correspond with the size of the fire The Semi Monthly Meeting convened ing the class icy be organized by Dr. .Roberts. places. When one recalls the number of nuxemoer 11, 1599, i" the i4tli ward hall, Sister Annie T. Hyde said it "was the the inmates of, these great buildings and President M. I. Home intention to meet the coming Thursday, in presiding. the retainers, and that tlrere were no bake Opened with singing, "Our God we raise the. 14th ward hall, and make costumes for shops adjacent to buy food from, and to Thee." Prayer by Sister Maria W, Wilthe nurses' corps, that theyjnay be' dressed every tiling must be made 011 the premises, cox. Singing. ' ' Welcome best of all good in uniform. one can faneygreat quantities of food meetings. Minutes of previous meeting, ner.e-- dinging, Tlie God we adore cooked somewhere. read and approved. diction by Counselor Webb. The writer w hen standing in St. George's president Home said she was fed by J. S. Woorj.KY, Sec. Hall, Windsor Castle, thought of the great hearing the sisters fspeak, and she .wished banquets that had been given there to the to hear all bear testimony. President Snow English warriors, and also when the brave said he loved to hear the people speak of HOLIDAY heroes and men were initiated into the the the eloquence of speech was not Spirit, order of the Knights of the Garter; what .what we were seeking. Via ORECON SHORT LINE, eatiiig, 'drinking and carousing must have Sister Zina D. H. Young said she loved takenplace, and what wonderful prepara- to look at her sisters. Knew all could find Ticket? tions in the way of cooking must have preOnly one fare for the round-trip- , to do at home, but knew, it Plenty was on sale Dec. 23rd, 24th, 25th, 31st aiul ceded these great occasions. At the presfor us to proper meet together Jan. 1 st, good returning until Jan. 3rd.. ent time one can. buy almost everything learn to overcome, which we can by the Best train service. Five trains each way readv cooked, and the facilities for w uui lesiimony ana trie power of the between Salt tv.ke and .Ogden. associated with the mystic traditions, and . is a relic of the day qfDruidism. The old , smg Ave used to sing savs; . 1 t'l. Y",-l'I- 1 . :. N . . - -- - , . . .' t : m-edt- d . n . . t, Sat-urn- - t- bksrs , little-wonde- r - " ... - " , still-perpetuated- . nV-xr- -- 1 1 1 1 1 . .11 -- over-burdene- and-ovens- over-solicitou- s, d, . - - - - - he - . - SEMI-MONTHL- Y . EXCURSIONS - .' " . wtia 