... WOMAN'S KXPOXKNT.. all parts of the earth eveu.itp n the islands of the .sen, and thee with the hundreds of Home missionaries throughout the Stakes of Zion, in ' the Reeky mountain zeal .rmb!ih?r. EUHliUS'H H U'I'.ll.S. lUinr region, must certainly arouse greater ar.d enthusiasm', aid make an impression !v U Salt LiJcr'Ci:y, Uuh,I '.:!.!;,!.! that cainot be erased on the minds and ir. i oj;.f:w copy it month. 'IYich: on- io;)v on hearts of the honest in heart wherever their City paj rrs 50 !' N,j r.'iai ui mi!" hrciii'iv lot may be cast. Although there are many are people inclined to scepticism yet there $pvK A I;?t.! Us. still others who are If joking for something s;uc.' vw'Ajw Ji 53,' tr a and more satisfying than they earn higher KKhAKST olTici:, ko j.it 203 Templon. Sou:!i find among the theories heretofore extant V a. m., hi. from 3 10 evrry p. 5 Strret: hu.ir in the world; and occasionally these honest nJ.ty. d.iy, rxcept seekers for truth are found, one heie and Aidrei ..'.J buns .'.fnri.unitat.or.s to another there, 'ami. are convinced of divine M:s. n. !;. vi:m.s, revelation to the people in this dispensation of SU.T LKK ClI V. t'lAl!. through a prophet sent of God as in days "messed are they who know the old 71 Unlet f J t the w ' voice of the. Good Shepherd," anu are willleton.i i:Mi m iller, ing to leave all and follow Him. The persecution that has been aroused in Salt Lakj. Chy, Uiah, Am. 15, a Sit. i, our own country, "the land of the free and the home of the brave'is most lamentable, A SPIRITUAL AWAKENING. and one. cannot but recall the words of the During tiit .summer the visits' made in Savior in contemplating the situation: "It the several Stakes of Zion by the First must needs be that offences come, but woe c to him by whom they come." Hut hisr Presidency and Apostles of- the Church -- and the bisters who have traveled with to'ry lias proven repeatedly' that ''the Mood them, must have caused quite a spiritual of "the martyis is the seed of the Church." awakening among the people. Meetings And there is ho doubt of the truth of the where the spirit of the. Lord has been scripture, "Surely the wrath of maii shall, poured out in rich abunduice, have been praise thee; the remainder of wrath shalt reported from time to time in the daily thou n strain." papers; and those abroad in other lauds, as Well as those at home in Zion, have taken HOME AGAIN. note of these proceedings and are not unmindful of the results which must necessaAfter a rather prolonged trip abroad for a rily follow such special teaching and preachbusy.woman,here we are at the desk again, ing of the commandments of the Lord. everything just as if we had only been l t 11,' absent a few hours. If is very pleasant to law of tithing, of keeping the Sabbath day return home and find. one's family all in holy, the Word of Wisdom and training f good health, and, in the "case of the writer, the youth of Zion in paths of virtue and to find "an addition of a fine pair of twin holiness will follow, and thereby will boys to .the numerous grandchildren, was a come upon all the interests of very happy surprise on reaching New York. A marriage in the family, too, was one of the Saints upon the earth. The work is hastening on; the missionthe surprises to greet our arrival, and altoaries abroad in the wor.d are bus sowing gether only jo fill news and occurrences to good seed wherever opportunities can be greet one and cheer the home coming. made. Distributing traets from house to To recount the happenings, and even the house is done by both men and women principal events of a journey of nearly missionaries; also preaching in the public three months, is a puzzle; but to oneattend. parks and elsewhere in the open air. ing such meetings as the International Young women have left good homes, and Council and Congress of Women in Lonsome of them who were receiving liberal don, the official receptions and parties, and salaries for teaching 'in schools and academtrips here and there, it is utterly impossible ies, to labor in spreading the Gospel in to satisfy one's self in the least degree. foreign lands, not for honor, nor the sake However, to be able to report good health of any remuneration in this world, 'but that and no accidents by land or sen, is in itself they night be instrumental in helping on something to rejoice over and tc be exceedthe cause of truth,, which will eventually ingly thankful Tor. redeem mankind from sin. 'There were "a number of Utah women in llie writer rejoiced' while in hnglaud in England, all of whom had reached there at an earlier date than the writer. hearing these true and earnest young womSome of en bearing testimony to the knowledge obthem had gone ,td "labor as missionaries, tained through the Holy Spirit, which some on business-opleasure, and others to leads into all truth. Such testimony only attend the International Council and Concomes through humility, prayer and faithgress. .. These were Mrs. Susa Young fulness, and it brings a peace that passeth Gates;-- Mrs. Lucy ' B. Young,', Mrs." Elizaunderstanding. beth C. McCune, Mrs. M. "A. y Mrs. Mrs. Lettie Dewey Campbell. Miss Inez C. S. Thomas, Miss C. Holbrook Caine, and Mrs. L; Knight, Miss Ziua Cliipman, .Miss JosephD. Alder; the last named has also remained" ine Booth, Miss these to do missionary work. The entire young sis. ers, and also Mrs. Lydia D. from leaving Salt Lake until thejourney, return Alder, are all e'neaered as missionaries, as homp, has been full of occasions interesting laborers i:i the field, devoting themselves and rich in ail that to make one's helps wholly a:.d sojely to the spread of righteoustime pass happily and "fly, as it were, on ness and correct principles, giving freely of the " of the wind." wings that which is more precious than the wealth At the opening of .the Quinquennial on of.lheJworM.---- the afternoon of Monday, June 26, it was The Elders, who without purse or scrip found that the Large Hall. Westminster are proclaiming the everlasting Gospel in Town would not hold those entitledHall, Woman's Exponent. - - - ' ; nioi-.:h- , ! Hn-t- w t. . - - M . -- . r , . Clara-Hblbro- ok, . , - to be present, therefore the ciou strutted to wend its way ' to. ( j ;v,u v; itllt , .Hll,ChurchI louse, Deanery, .VsQ ter ,Albey, and the .Internals -- ':j was formally opened in that hi ,I:c j.yj' ing by the Countess of Aberdeen with".'.," address of welcome, Which we b p lrJ lish in full at some future time. It V,'J' and able paper, seeming h touchy very upon every subject jxrtaining 1., the work of the Council ir the past and for future advancement. Afier the address came the introduction of International oificei sand the of Federated National Councils, w hich it '. . ''rt-fcident- s eluded many foreign countries: The- ("nitcd States, by Mrs. .Fannie Htimrhieys Gait k; Canada, Mi. ney, of Fran Anna Simson; S.cdtn' Fru Hierta Retzius; Great Britain and Ik'1 hiird, The Lady IJattersea; XewSouth Wales, The Viscountess Hampden;-- Denmark,' Froken Henrie Forschaiu::icr; Madame Klerck von lb gendorp, New Zealand, Mrs. Pember Reeves. Other countries who have signified the intentioir.-ofederating with . the ; International Council were repre.scr.ied by fraternal delegates, but had no vue The only voters (proper) were the officers of the f International Council and PiesidenNational Councils already federated; not even delegates duly elected had voles. - New-:Yor- Knkr-Germany- Hoi-lan- f - The countries thus represented were France, Switzerland, Belgium, Italy, Russia, Austria,- Norway, Victoria, South Australia. West Australia, Queensland, Cape Colony, Tasmania, India, Persia, Argentine R, China and Paleepublic of South-America- Delegates from societies internationally organized (present, but without a vote) Bureau International Permanent de la Paix; Federation Abolitioniste ' Giniiole; Union Internationale des Ames des Jences Fiiles: stine. Woild's Women's Christian Temperance Union; World's" Young Women's Christian Association; International Union of Press Clubs; International Order of King's Daughters. Kach person introduced had about Ue minutes in which to speak for the country and Council she represented. Tins occupied the entire meeting of the afternoon. The day was very hot and the hall was crowded. Many distinguished people were the present, both in the seats below and front seats in the galleries above. Madame Von Finklestein Mountford represented tee yet country of Palestine where there, are as but really no organizations of women, where it is hoped such like institutions may ". soon be established, China and Persia. and aTs7Tm India, ' The official reception of the Duchess Sutherland at Stafford House was held the 01 same evening, Monday, June 26, from 9 P m. to 12, and was certainly m every paThe bouse rticular a royal entertainment. is one of the richest in architecture and p all its appointments of finishings, and furn uc ishings, which are indescribable. Trance hall is famous throughout Englc and is of solid white marble with martc staircases' on either side that cross the uppe hall and are finished with elaborate bra balustrades. Seated on the wide staircagal at the top of the front opening" to. themo the lery on either side, were four 'of Kfailtifiil rf rant- find title. ' ' the CYjnntp nf A herd pen: next Duchess of Sutherland, and larther orp the right, the Countess of Warwick aiiac sister. All these grand ladigsr: sve haQi " xnrrr-iot- i ... - - , 