My highest anticipations were s. set ::: t Hid. Hum suit. like a white feet on terra iirma once more; to U;i-.Sahb.:;:- ht" duy die ed loamy and meljuw, even thing growa a p. maih We tobl- flu- - v ,. i,.. chickens and fish and fruits of rvmamderofthe company followed at a to satisfy my rj,,MS 1 duatue. cuuld hear them ghingbednud us, hut I did not look fj, th afternoon. of October 21st the pilot so intent was I i talking to mv to us. I gazed at Jinn irom head Sl)"n whul the ti uheie ji vuv; jcupie the jormer friends of "Parana"place ,j JuOl icdedlie was huge mean those with whom b, ....... Jv;,j v.h' :n I- must dwell. h ,,1 ?...... . im iri;;a j.,"sic, hut I thought him good looking. tuey were .all his friends Nabotu and thi-iItoMth. captain to ask him if "Paraita Peril-wernn..;- kinds--someth- tlul ing Si-t- - . 1 r e Clauds ?" tt-a- "He is garble! She Hat down with folded hands I was prepared Ibr such rcd c'o ed lips. tidings lad. often thought that such an nld only be coincident with many others 1. a like nature winch had fallen to To be thus informed was not the ay lot. bitterness of it. . He was a prisoner on tvi-n- w t 1 . The French governor had him in custody, he was not allowed to leave, the ..Mj::i1. It did not alarm me, so seared The captain was ray heart to hard things. &:;t word to Klder Grouard to come on tcurd. During the interval the children 1 -w- J.iiU .irktU'ughtflly--alKut-Uie-dwkr-At- Grouard and Alexander (ill to the brig. They could scarcely ,rs. their own eyes k-iii'v-e ! 1 o see so many brethren coming to dwell with the:::, to relieve them of their solitude, allied them with joy and surprise Mr. Grouard had been for seven years shut out, as it wire, from the .world, having been . . ... . M America:; 1 wiiU sa:i ...:.!. Xaavoo. nity arid Catholic .ui. 1r iuu 111 uieeax 43110m lie has acquired an air of dig- sobriety, assimilating him with a monk. His eyes are sunken; apparently with sorrow, and his whole at the time wasgrave and majestic. him in the vigor and bloom of youth, and thought him a gay, lively man. Nov.- his look was full of wisdom and years. He very respectfully invited us to go on . ap-taran- Paid-set- ce a - hhcre.. We were conducted over the coral reefs ydth great care. The Island at a distance presttits picturesque appearance, the beach being, skirted with ito and burau treef, .also with bananas and cocoanuts end a variety of shrubbery of the most vivid green. "being the 21st of October, the reason v exjyjct to see the leaves turning yellow and falling off, not. to see the least sgn conveys to the mind aTceling of am of-de.a- admiration. i ne bve an white ' cottages hi the v'otds,shiniug through gree:i trees, away from the bustle of fte bus .world far over the mighty ocean. ! Jo find the remnants of Israel enjoying, .iou?i hi a sea as 1 vtry Ion rude state, an incessant spring ! r ue ounamgs are row oiu plastered inside and out with liir laaoe lrom tbp rnrnl rnrtr thorp ran not be a 3,!:rer wujte thought of eating j toe good fruit, and weak as I was. I walked Wllh a li ctpn Jl wnn! ill UlillUUVU nf 'vw. "xrnititMrW If,., on the beach to welcome us. As as they could reach our hands, they as. .te4.us.in--,.Tahiti.:- hli . "Ea ora - A'f'." Lac,, -- 'V. r wore : 1 I tcfctii of "blue grilling Sound Ss, a sailor jacke V whicE lie ;a piece"' com- - rose by faith' above t; le. minced arranging same House coin,-- ipper for us. y-un- g he he com. dis,ea-an- d we found native wife with a , Mr. bal;- - sympathetic a p- - ' Aeeuiiugiy timnt, v.ouM not wf;,y the' house. We tried to win her con- lidcuce, talked by an interpreter, assurin;- her we were her friends, that e had come to do- her good. The sunncr was set us, every dish entirely new. excent fowl and hsh. very thing was relidied, I fell no aversion to anything that was called it was all delicious to mv tate. lood, Pise whole population. ...'assembled. to.. greet US: if !:, r.r ,,i to ;j m Tiduai (PC:?ce be to 'yo'u in coming to Tubaui) went around and around! Evening drew near, the singers :au:e in to sing. Pong grass was. laid for a iloor, on which they were seated,. The music was Their voices are loud and' delightful! "clear, and no people can excel them in keeping time. Queen Papa!? came with the rest, and I urged her io be seated in a chair, but she refused, so modest washe, and unwilling' we should think she wished to assume any superiority above the r.ther women. The moon was then at its full, and the house was surrounded" with shade trees covered with" bright yellow llowcrs. I looked upon the humble people seated on the ground singing the prais.es of God. I gazed upon the scenery which surrounded the dwellings: the pale rays "of the moon shining through the trees in a thousand shapes; the tall cocoanuts waving their branches high up in the azure vault;' the great itoes above all the rest; seen by the queen of night, while the imagination was warm with the reflection of the great distance we had come and the suffering we had endured, all conspired to fill the mind I said, with ideas great with meaning. l,re . . - Brother Grouard sought to encourage us. lie believed that when the Messenger (king's vessel) returned from Tahiti, Brother Pratt would come: it did not thus 1 lie idea or ms oemg a prove. prisoner was painful; to. 'me, except when I con. sidered it was for the Gospel's sake we had come to a strange world. A whole week ' was .spent'- - in conversaMr. Grouard' had been- preaching tion. among the .Islands for sev n years, had heard very little from the Church.. Great things had transpired, he had many ques- Hoatan'. the native chief tiniK ' UVi tn , nsk. who had the charge of us, ordered, the house repaired and the lot fenced. Seventy banana trees were planted, and a garden made with the seeds we had brought. 'Nearhad ly' all were. new to the natives, thev never seen any of our common vegetables. Here in October we make, our gardens. Such cabbages I never saw grown before: we vejrjdeed P 'ery soon - We mamojitf had ajBne flower garelerr to lcor,upbn. nTomTrTi ; as was posMide. Grouard's i'u"u' m to dig up the ground with a spade, it was; ! n" ) s came accustomed' a-- In' the' , v witPiu a shirt: that, was his ParaitaV family .had aV - each by our. Tahitiau names, aS.fe dutroduced by Mr. Grouard. iiian wii'J ilClU IUC Oiiiv.. ui mid according to French iurisnru- Cuce, cauie and took me by the hand, say- -- As soon . i . 1 "God is in it all hidings, though far from elegant, oipearance ol romance. Mttie 1 vi1;' . latler .was . sick with the instant Kllen's face was like heard In an ' He replied: Glen ml letter arrived stating that'the governor 'on Tahiti WiA'iId n t permit .Mr. Piatt to leave, that Island until all the Mormon ivlders would avertible in Tahiti an'd sign a document, eutciim; into an aereemcut to nothing derugaloiv to the French Phis was a li :al of our pa-- , government. tience, but we strove to (e..r it , graciously 1 - : mgie. A " - cr to our habits, and would in a'snia'l degree eniihaia to tlu ;:i. We hod her rrrthcr a .sensible, intelligent, ingenious woman. " .':(Jt by pare-nll- V-sic- " I J j I US. i he good people were so they were ready to weep over ' The second wetk we all wen, to Malm, a village oil the oppf.vite side of the Island, live miles over e cc )Uld uuutani walk beneath' the shade of tiees the whole distance. It was. where Mr. Pratt lauded when first he ca;rtv On 3ns mission. The same lainily were stilt living in the same house where he took up his abode. were Very Their little friendly thirteen of daughter, years age, was the wedded wife of Mother Alexander, the first man on the Island bantied into the faith. She looked like a mere child k e o n e. T h e o d " f t ; t ' and cond u c t e d h e se i near the: hue ti" (prayer lnu-,e'be.u h, a UlLiio tree in nt of each door. I went into u Iiere six years before my Jiusb.inil had been wont to play. In the pulpit just as the sun was setting, I kneeled before the Lord to thank Him for while erasing the preserving all great waters.: The second day I returned on horseback. The children, complained of being lonely, .mourned the absence d their father. We .amused ourselves by teaehing the native women how to knit, and studs fng the lan,. guage. On Christmas Sicr Crosby and I made, a. feast for our families", inviting what few white brethren and sisters were on our side, of the Island. We had .t ring beans, cucum-her- s That was something and green corn.-"to 'communicate our kiir'red in the cold regions of Power Canada, where snow at that season is often six feet deep. The people were very anxious to teach us their language. NVarly all our evenings were spent in reading and translating the It was a source of great scriptures. amusement: there are so many mistakes made it excites merriment. The house was thronged at night with natives reading and singing. Many of them had never a .seen Our eldest Kuropean woman. daughter played the flutina, which amused andjJelighted them. It was no little diversion for us to exhibit the little curiosities we brought with us from San Francisco, to witness their pleasure and admiration, hear them eulogize America; and marvel that it should contain so many wonderful things I brought with me the likeness of the. Prophet Joseph Smith and of Ilyru.ui, 'which I hung against the wall ofa, room in the A nativedrot!ier from, the mission house. Chain Islands, one evening .while-- we Were all seated around the table reading, withdrew and went into the room to look at the picture, lie kneeled before it in order that the painting might come in'" range with lii.s eyes". quarter of an hour he gazed' steadfastly upon it, I believe, wtlBwrTurinngTils eyes. I did not suppose it wished to w'as airoetTiT'brs impress the lineaments of the features upon--They - .- Mor-mo- n 1 1 1i .M- ) - . Ir-- the-hous- our-live- s ' . ' ! " Foa . . 