WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 152 V Wardrop-read- r ""Apnl ijtirtrAitrc-lIT. A. paper on the Life and Inventions t)f Edison. Mr. Edison was born in Ohio, rebriiary des1S47, and was of Dutch and Scotch cent. He read much at an early age on ' ' chemistry. . t m un.iui.iio iuj.i uraniauu .uany ' man's life. Fifteen years agx Edison took hold of the electric. light and made it a success, so that its general use became practicable. Many experiments had previously been tried both in this country and Europe, but failed. .Edison was also the discoverer musical phonograph. and inventor of-tMrs. J. Druce gave descriptions of some ancient cathedrals and churches in Mexico. ty of The Grand Cathedral in Mexico was commenced in 1573 A. I)., but was not competed until iCOy, at a cost of The towers are over two million dollars. two hundred feet high and contain forty six bells. This edifice is grand and imposing. The walls are built of unhewn basalt, and .the choir is constructed with very rare and costly carved woods. Many of the articles", such as candlesticks, crosses, etc., were of solid gold or silver encrusted, with precious stones. The great calender stone by which the Aztecs calculated a recurrence of their cycles, (52 years) and the mouths of each yeaFis7ceinented into the western wall-o- f this cathedral in 1790 A T). It still remains in that position; and is a veritable The stone is covered relic of the Aztecs. with hieroglyphics. ! . 1 . lA-tun- he the-Ci- orated. J. A. Dkuck, Cor Sec. INCORPORATION. TlIIvDAl'OHTKKS OF Till REVOLUTION. This organization was incorporated April 3, 1899, and has for its object, as set forth in the articles, which were filed in the county clerk's office, the perpetuation of the patriotic spirit of the men and women who achieved American independence, by commemorating prominent events connected with the war of the revolution; the en- " CEI,EBirATrO"NOFTRTrSiroNTBRIG-- ' HAM YOUNG'S BIRTHDAY AT . SAI,TAIR. v M E Ivfl X G Pursuant to a call made upon the Ivlies of Utah by the American membei r:" the International Peace Committee, ar; ments have been made to hold a :lc mass meeting of citizens, under the a::' tmtrt n I J tnh- - ir,: nvf nm tn -- orvrixmtn tt lit Salt Lake Assembly Hall, Monday ev.:;!jyr May 15, 1S99, simultaneously with wtv'J meetings throughout this and other coi:r.rri-- s Held's famous baud will be in attend;, Q audience with sweet the musi and inspire :.. es ; 11 - Something like Pioueer Day in early Utah tjmes, when everybody was invited, seems to be in progress. All friends of the great Pioneer, President Rrigham Young, and all others who are interested' will be cordially welcomed to participate in the enjoyment Committees 01 a real gala day at Saltair. have been appointed to attend to all the necessary arrangements, and a splendid program is in preparation. birthday of It will be the ninety-eightthe honored and beloved leader of the people who first- settled Utah, and President Lorenzo Snow, with the other Church authorities, enter heartily into the idea of observing in the elaborate way suggested, as being appropriate thus to keep in memory one of the greatest men of the present cen- .;c.-- - i e i speeches from prominent :.n and women on the peace subject, good vocal music, will make an attractive Gov. Wells is expected j be program. present and preside. Tae public is niust cordially invited. KmmkmnK B. Wki.i.s, Elmina S. Tayi.om, five-minu- te with-som- f h - tury. FORTE AH E . The Young Family Association having the grandest celebration this year, on "The First of June that time. bas con-templat- CALL' Ruth M. Fox. Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, with Zioti's Savings "Hank , L. L G. R. d- - . j " 'Company, the oldest and larg-bank in Utah. Since the establishment of tank have opened more than I!','1 ' NiV- ings accounts. L 1 tl,.-w- APPEAL FROM CLARA BARTON. - The Red Cross is now establishing in-Cub- The. a at the request of the Government, a Hospital Service to assist in the care of the sick and homeless people of the island. lithe Philippines owing to the active operations now being conducted by the. American army, and the approach of the rainy season in the tropics, we are increasing the hospital staff already there, assisting in the care of the sick and the wounded. If your generous readers wish to take part in the work, and if the service rendered n by the Jed "Cross during the War has commended itself to them, may I ask that you will kindly explain to them our present mission, and ask their and support ?. All contributions should be sent to this office, and be made payable to John Joy Edson, treasurer, or to the American National Red Cross. lav.s-uL'-Utah-jie- m.-wome- rmit and also children who are 'm rricd r.i ir to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have If nut. you such an account? one NOW. We PP. pay FOUR T HI i F.ST CKXT on any amount from o:: 1 IX- - 1 doi- - and compute hir to thousands, s;lid interest four times a year. WltJTF for any information desired'. ljv:ivr.n Ssmv. V- - y Nos. - M. (Ii-:ok(J- -.j Canno::, Ca?jh: MainSeet. Spanish-America- B.KTHQM'Al co-operati- Removed to 48 and 50"Main Si, SALT LAKE CITY. Clara Barton. Leading Retail ' . . The couragement of the study of American history and first, last and all the time to instil That country is the fairest which is ininto the hea;s of the young the' spirit of liberty tho! made American independence habited by the noblest mind. an accotj p";sted fact. Rev. Anna H. Shaw and her secretary, The inctifciators arc EmmelineB. Wells, Miss to spend OREGON SHORT U1E BAILROA Lucy ESarah P. Smith, Ella W. Hyde, Lucy E, this summer Anthony, expect riding through England, V. Smith, Isabel M. Whitney Sears, Mary Scotland and Ireland on their wheels. A. H. Cannon, Maria Y. Dotigall. Myra TIME TABLE IN FTI'DOT M VIIGIt l'.1, A correspondent of the Boston Transcript Y. Rossiter, Caroline Y. Cannon, Susa ARRIVF Young Gates, Julia P. M . Earns worth, protests against the name of the ."Simmons From Chicago, Omaha, St. LoulivKan'aCit) 0'ln, Julia Almira Farnsworthj Almira H. Mux: Female College" for the new industrial 8:30 a;m.. 'Denver....... ..... and 'San From and Cache Dutte Y. Phebe H for V.dley, 0:ion, Tortland, women about to be founded in dock, Emily Cannon,' Beattie, college f:5S a.m. Francisco Clarissa S. Williams, Catherine Wells, this city. He or she writes: "Away back From Og let., Chicago. St. Louis. Omaha and Denver p.m. Tr.'3 From and San Francisco... oi,'d(tu.CfheValj.y Alice S. M. Home, ui4he fifties Mrs, Saralr Jane Hale began' From Frisco, MUford, Saupcto a"d intenc?d;ate i'l'n.va. Minnie Maebelle '"Snow". joints, -- J v her crusade against the use of this word in From Te.tic, Mcrcnr and lirfermdiafe points The officers are: Regent, Mrs. Em me- - names of institutions-fo- r , women; Her Fro!Ji Xoot lo at;d TermirtiH line B. Wells; first vice regent, Mrs. Susa criticisms were approved, and the Dractice DEPART. Young Gates; second vice regent, Mrs. supposed to be stopped. It is certainly to' For Oiiden, Park Citj. Omaha, Chicago,' Denver, City and .St. Louis..... ....... ...... Clarissa S. Williams;, recording secretary, be hoped there is nothing to prevent a - For Oden, Cache Vaiiey and- intrrmrHat(j point? a.m. For a. in assistant M;?rcur and the Tintic, secretary, wnsworui; pnint? change juua proposed name, otherwise a For Ogd-- Denver, Francisco i.)p.m. St. San Louis, Chlcfigo, Maebelle Snow; corresponding secretary', department for the education' of female For OKdenfIi.itt, Port'and, a. in. ? San Franctnco. , p.m. For ProYOSitipt-teMUford and Frisco.... .... .... Mrs. Lucv Woodruff Smith: tren surer horses, dogs, cats or any other animals a.m. ;vv... 7: 45 may ,For Tooele and Tcrmiuas... Mrs. Mary A. H. Cannon registrar, Mrs. Phebe be legally annexed to this ' Tralri;j u;ib of do r.otrun Saatlays Anoth college Daily except Sunday.- Young Beattie; historian, Mrs. Alice Smith erfor all fowl or bird life of, the female Merrill Horne'f chapl&in, Mrs. Maria Young gender, and so on City Ticket Office Under Masonic Hall, indefinitely. Simmons Dougall. The State council js composed oi College for. Women would be an Second South Street. honoring Mrs. Cannon, Mrs. Sears, Mrs,Farnsworth S. W. KOrL'IvS n...Ejn:iiiJJA. Cash. House, - , Claire-Glawsonan- d . - C : -' Kan-.- a tat 7 . -- in6-rmtdia- ;:.;) t G n, : -- , 1 ' rs.mttn;MfOCossit llyde.! named ? Gou, raluc Man; . kct $ rtn U. BAXCHOFT. V ami Vice President and Gen'LManager t. A&k 