i Woman s - - ' CONTENTS: Voi Po They Compare Ida 11. Harper. Notes aniens. In Memoriam, U. YV. I'. C. -- Aimee C Schiller. Reorganization Sarah A. F. Price. II W 1 he N. A. W. S Sew OraniAition-- O. RachelFoster Avery. '. R.S. Reports. Association E. H. Lyon. Notice in k Si Interested Cu ture in the to all Those A. Caine.' NoticeRo: State of Utah Margaret Sketch fit the Jaredites niar.ia 15. O, weak human heart we cling to this day, Make idols of earth's Jading, things, "And follow the phantom that flitteth" away, And pleasures that travel on wings. O, help us our Father to look up to Th.ee Seek joys that ever abide, Those truths and that faith that never will (1 e, Whatever cf ill may betide Ellis Pratt. Official Notice. Relief Society Confer-nee- . Memorable Anniversary. DaughtAbout ihe Triennial. ers of tl.e Revolution. Editorial Notes. Poetry: Relics Ellis R. Shipp. My Warning -- Nellie. RELICS. "0! what shall we do with all of this stuff," SaiJ f.iir Estelle one day, "Right here in this garret there is enough To fill one with dismay. Sure in the new home there'll be no r&dm For trash and rubbisli like this." As I glanced around I knew my doom, her lips with a kiss, f smiled and quietly sent her away, For what would she think of tears, That k.nevy would come while 1 should survey The hoarded treasures of years. what should be done, Ves,vcil nny she With dresses my grandmother wore, Her o d rocking chair and patchwork begun In the leisure hours of yort. These scrapbas and bundles and old broken So closed ! a-- . k " toys, Withered wreaths and baskets of flowers, And the cradle where slept my girls, and my boys, Thorugii innocent babyhood hours. This moccasin made for the fair first born, This shoe by the second one worn, This robe with christening laces adorned, And bonnets all soiled and torn. The relics of missions n of the D. A. R., and not with the sanction or at the request of the Daughters of the Revolution. There is no probability of a "surrender" by the' I). R. society to the I). A. Rs. R. Smipp. Ida II. Harper recently published a verv The General Society Daughters of the convincing argument upon equal suffrage, j Revolution constitute s all "original daugh m wir.ca sue instituted a comparison be- ters," women whose fathers swrved in the tween the personnel of the War of the Revolution, honorary members and the suffragists. Alluding to the formof the society, and presents them with a er she says: handsomely engraved parchment certificate "Almost without exception the former of membership and a gold badge. Authenappear in print tinder the husband's name tic information of such dauL'hteLS will be Their own individual names would convey- gladly received at the, headquarters of the" no meaning to tie public. Scarcely one is society, 156 Fifth Ave., New York City. known for her own work in literature The District of Columbia W. S. Associascience, education, practical philanthropy, business enterprise or any active effort tion, on motion of Dr. McNaughton, passed for the benefit of mankind.- Opposed to unanimously a resolution of approval of these place the names of the mo-- t promin- the disarmament conference called by the ent of the pronounced advocates of suffrage Czar of Russia to meet in St. Petersburg in for women, Lucretia Mott, Elizabeth Cady May next, and asking the President of the United States to appoint Mrs. Belva A. Stanton, Susan IT- Anthony, Harriet Martin- Eockwood a delegate. Without any coneau, Florence Nightingale, Frances Power cert of action a similar resolution was passed Cobbe,Lady Aberdeen, Lady Henry Somerthe Woman's Industrial Relief League,' set, Annie Besant, Lucy Stone, Harriet by Beecher Stowe, Louisa M. Alcott, Mary A. putting it upon the ground that the time had arrived when the administration should Livermore, Julia Ward Howe, Clara Bar- do something for women, and that Mrs. ton, Zerelda G, Wallace, Mary L. Booth, Eockwood was by previous. service preAlice and Phcebe Cary, Mary Clemiiier, fit for the position. May Wright Sewall, Alice Freeman Palmer, eminently Sarah B. Cooper, Leonora .Barry Lake, A lifelong suffragist has just been tender Anna Dickinson, Anna E. Diggs, Grace ly conducted through the portals of death Greenwood, Harriet Mourner, Lilian Whit- into the home of the suul, at the ripe age of ing, Bertha Houore Palmer, Jane. L. Stan--forSnow leaves ninety three. Mrs. Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, Frances E. her impress on the Sophronia age in the influence of Willard and all the host ofW.C. T. U. her daughters, two of whom live in Wash leaders, Myra Bradwell and all the women ington and two at the old home in Hamden lawyers, Rev. Anna H. JShaw and all One oi the latter is Mrs. Corners. Maine. Dr. Putnam ministers, Mary Jacobi, Jane.H. Spofford, who was for so many and practically all the women physicians years intimately connected with the work ana 01 news vast the leacuers and of the National Woman's Suffrage Associmajority women. paper1 ation. It was with her that Mrs. Snow indifinThe list might be extended almost passed her later years, and at this home not s of long ago, she enjoyed visiting with Miss itelv and it would include a' for name the women who have made Anthony, who was a guest there during for the suffrage convention at that place. themselves and who are distinguished a What their own; commanding ability. Mrs. Alice Merrill Home has introduced travesty that a handful of women, eminent only in social positions, should besiege the au important educational bill in the. Legisfor an increase of one legislatures to withhold the Iright of represe- lature, providing How much hundred per cent in the Normal scholarsuch as these ntation-from worse than a travesty that they should ship of the University. Its leading features The Normal school shall seek to deprive the wage earning women are as follows: of what would be their strongest weapon be continued as a department of the Uni! All Jthe opposition of versity, for students of both sexes, and its for men for the last half century has not caused course of instruction shall include practice so much discouragement to the Women who itr teaching and in pedagogy, may extend have fought the battles as this unprecedented through a period of four years, or until This graduation. Two hundred free scholars action on the part of their own sex. in the Normal school. is not that they, are retarding the progress may be maintained of the suffrage movement, for they are. The holders of them shall beexerapt from the payment of all matriculation fees. Fifty having the opposite effect, but onlythethit, woappointments to, these scholarships, each for after all these years of opportunity, a term of four years, may be made annually. men who should be leaders are laggards , The bill was passed. and obstructionists. - made, Is all that is left of the set gave me the morn of the day we were ' . .wed, kisses I ne'er can forget., Still here in its drawers are ribbons and lace, 0ld je wels and froM tincIH fane o uai waved at grand balls with exquisite grace, . AVith -- - n ; self-protectio-n hands. waistcoat he wore for my sake, And this he wore that fair da- yAlong with my gown of old fashioned Havu long Iain carefully away. ese precious make, . mementoes of more precious' - .: -- ;. day?, 10 the, flames must all be consigned 1 Just so mortal joys will melt from bur gaze, And souls must needs be resigned: - - j nine-tenth- pass'd from my view. old fashioned bureau, of native , wood . . - and travels abroad, While held in fair climpled The identical- ts the-wome- Books, chests and specimens, too, Speaking now to my soul in voices aloud, Of scenes that have He NOTES AND NEWS. d, care. This No 20 . This pile of old letters with histories rife, Ah ! the burden of love they bear, With tales of the brightest seasons of life, " And of days howed down with - I. The action taken at the recent Congress, of the'. Daughters of the American Revolu-tiolooking to an amalgamation of that society with the Daughters of the Revolution, was entirely voluntary upon the part HOW DO TIIKV COMPARE? anti-suffrag'is- . . Euitokiai.: " N SALT LAkq CITY. UTAH. MARCH I5l ,s'99. Vol.. 27. A X PO N EI . ' 