woman's Expo MP NT IWM in The the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to Vol. 27. b cJicJhlUS.Jthetateandlhe ra(ou. SALT LA KK CITY, UTAH, MAY i, rs99l . CONTENTS: No. 23. child's will power. But we think- this is ""t so. loo lrenuently where there i strong will power displayed it is a mani wherein her influence is unopposed bv anv outside oneshe should work with perilducation and Motherhood-Ly- dia 1). Lyman sistence and determination, so that by the Alder: To Branches of the Relief Society - E. R. iestation of selfishness. time the child is 6 or 8 years old the habit unureu do sometimes have strong of obedience will be r10vv Sn. ith. oenerai onierence Keliel Society thoroughly established. instinctive desires .in the right direction; -- E. n.. Wells, Sec. A Successful Celebration We have emphasized this thought betherefore their, .motives should be most cause of the Ktllie A. Morver. t A Flourishing Branc- h- Rhoda tendency" of so many mothers Celestia N'afli. National Woman's Relief Society But i should be' and guardians to say, cautiously cousideied. "0, he's the baby, . 4L..4. 1. Ladies' -- E. I!. W. Ji4 i UitU uicre is a, vasi c t'nr Meeting J, "w-,- it let him (icnrc go," and. thus they cultivate U. W. P. C Aimee C. Schil- - bctwten desirable will power and stubbornS Woollev, Sec habits entirely opjKxsed to those they would ' ness. If we would have our children conNellie Beecrolt. form. r, Sec. Academy Exercises tented and happy themselves and. if we It. will take time and patience. to train the International Editokiai.; Peace Meeting. would make of them desirable associates; it infant or' very young child tw be Editorial Notts. Council of Women. obedient., is imperative that we should have them but less time mid less than it patience, ' PotTHV: Retrospection Hyacinth. overcome blind and unreasonable stubborntakes to break up the habit of disobedience. ness. A stubborn, uncouquered child is One writer even declares that it requires sure to develop into a man so centered more than four-folRETROSPECTION. the power to change a and so deiermir.cdXo have his own way that habit, than to form one. C 1, r. ...Ml t i strolled amid the quiet charm, uc wni lurego 1 lius we would make habit pleasures ana eveu success building the Of the twilight'. pla( id calm; rather than refract, and will be as he was first step. I heard the cricket's when a child, his own greatest enemy. gruesome cry, In forming the habit of oledience in Aid the katydid's reph; this iiut spirit of obedience sj intimately f children and in treating cases of Mine eyes bel eld the sun's last ray, connectecUvith peace, order and prosj)erity ence mothers will find that there are many Fttal athwart the lurid bay, and so beneficial to the young man in the methods of procedure;- but she who gives And kiss the sailboat's soft, white face, outer world comes only after long training time, study and careful thought 10 this And the c'inging mists efface. and unceasing effort in the home. subject will very soon conclude that she is here first It that his ideas and 'im will seldom need to resort to severe My footsteps lingered near the wall, are pressions formed, and it is here that methods.. Over run with rosevines tall; he first learns to respect the- rights of Bolton Hall says "It is high time to Where trellis' bent beneath the gift, others. awake from sleep in things intellectual However, this training in obedi That accrued from nature's thrift. ence should be to K ih parent and as well as things spiritual; in things edupleasant Sweet flowers raiod their dewy heads, cational as well as in things material. We child, it should result fro.11 a system of' ""' And rar.e fragrance round me spread; . . .! j kindness and love, rather than from one uue uegun a'10 aeprecaie enner o niempt.. cr Fair Summer's charms were everywhere, of harshness; for while we aim to prepare neglect of the rights of .matt, but it has Nor knew Winter's grim despair. the child for his life's work it is not less hardly yet been admitted that children Withal my thoughts would wander back, important that the home be made pleasant have any rights which grown people are Tread again the bound to respect; so though we have 'ceased track, to hims.elF and others. That led me to the fountain clear, j .we still beat children and It is possible to train children into strict to Whose drops filled my heart with cheer, obedience by violent methods;, but a child make the best excuse we can for our And robbed the past of all its so trained will be obedient only through brutality." pain, While this "beati.ig process" is followed Planting hope where it had lain, n he assumes responsibility ifear; Crushing the germ of discontent, over others he will use the same harsh up by many mothers of today, others are By the magic aid they lent. method. It is in this manner that tyrants spoiling, their children by unwisely indulgare made. None are so tyrranical as they ing them in every whim a method which Crystal drops whose phantom power, fosters selfishness and like the rule with the whd have been reared in bondage. Spanned the depth of that short hour; Such a plan as described may produce hard hand also makes tyrants. And undei ied, unknown, unseen, It would appear that punishment of some obedience; but it is obedience that is deOpened wide a mystic screen, structive to the life of the, individual and sort is not to be avoided in this mortal .. And gathered to each limpid breast, L... existence.; .but. when it is necessary it should the home. The thorn that 'gainst my heart had jIf then we denounce obedience through be chosen wisely aud be properly applied. , pressed, Many parents are in Tavor of corporal fear the question naturally arises, "What Leering only to mark the place, ' should be the motive prompting proper punisliraent because it requires Uiss timi. The scar they could not efface. ' The right kind of obedience and brings partially desirable resultsand obedience ?" Hyacinth. March is prompted not by fear but by love, indeed the results arebut partially desir- yj iSqq. unselfishness, and a strong regard for 'the able, for while it is natural to 'connect the blow with the physical nature only, the of others'. OBEDIENCE' WITHOUT SEVERITY. rights Now we are confronted with another harm done the child's spiritual nature greater for ft makes obtuse and irreWe admit in the abstract that (Read at the Mothers Congress in Salt question. love is the law which should govern our sponsive those fine and tender emotions Lake .City, Tuesday morning, April nth, effort, but how shall we put this thought upon which so much reliance must be l899.) placed for future co m pie te developm ent. into practice ?H A very small ch!'l who cannot reason Law is the Educators say that the.- - best way to. governing force of the If a man keeps himself in harmony lessen evil and develop virtue is to begin will perhaps profit by haying his, hands but it seems plain that you can with: nature, he must obey her laws; if he early the earlier the better to cultivate in spatted, a a good habit teach larger child nothing by beating him ejJjoys "citizenship- in a country,- he must children desirable babit'7 that obey the. laws of that 'except that you are a bigger animal, and against country, and if he is well formed is the best fortification and say as revengeful as he, and that a blow hurts spected in his business relationshe must temptation. They even go further 7 which he already knows." jusc tumselfto the laws of the business that through the power of habit the possiWe have admitted that punishment is world. ... bilities in moral training arer infinite. .v. 1.. and now we would state that The We all know that nabitsiormea in eaiiy necessary necessity of obedience seems so self punishment is just; it is an irrevoc Jiaent that any discussion on that subject life are the most lasting; that those formed, just , able law ot nature. seem out of place. .; Nevertheless in later years never attain the same stability; Nature stands as Tim great teacher then dfshould besrin early, - persons who hesitate to compel obed fence a period oi humanity, and on this subject as on all fearing lest they might injure the and from babyhood to school age - 0!.ed nre wiuioui severity mts. Amy Brown Scmi-Monthl- Vf-Tl- y t " . ! -- d - I ' J di.-o'bedi- -j - j j . . - - - self-sam- 1 1 e club-wome- '. and-whe- . : ; . uni-Ve.rs- . . e. - - 4 . : . ; . 1 '. : . -- 