'71. .88 rroiU luc 1UAa11" VA monster, the aged patriarch; the' maiden in the first blush of wonla'nh6oar the youthr just eJiteruig ; on the' joys and ambitions of life; the mother, who is cut off'in the midst of her usefulness; his prim, the man of the strong an m dom,'and the man who has srn this days, sin and sold himself for naught. The strength of the strongest has become weak, and all have succumbed to the power of the great aesfrpjrer, Death. -- And is there no escape from thee, thou dwell mighty Conqueror? Must our eyes ever on the darkness of the tomb? Is there no our tearful hopet 0,yes; for when we raise silent eyes, and in anguish of spirit breathe a of mercy to heal our prayer to' the Father broken hearts and send comfort to us in our affliction, the sweet and consoling influence of the Spirit of the Lord descends upon us, and we are enabled , to leave the darkness of the tomb, and-t- b understand that the sting of death has been taken away, and the" darkness of the heaven-bor- n Faith fPWt "befi conquered; for aloft , to raises he? glorious pinion and soars wHpre sits the Hedoemer, who'was tempted in all thinmi 'Jik unio'us, yet without sin. Who broke the bonds of death and the" grave, and ever liveth to make intercession for love Jliin. and keep h is commandments. And glorious Hope casts her anchor sure and steadfast within the veil of the promises, judging1 Him faithful, Who1 baa promised, know-- ! rag that He doeth all things well. And there must 'needs be a space bctween the time of ';fdHiy!&id the resurrection' and miffhtXove, fear, and 's!kjmpki$ iiesaibT '"" anticipates 6f 3rM;?iiitf eye- -' behold ve 'pierce the future, and in antication and. triumphs of the, Saints when lhe'jfoKbs the nil sh'aU stad, upon MouritZion with the great: company ofthe redeemed j who have ' comeAip'hrbugh, great tribulation;; when the off all faces; land Mlte.i'-'frpbe felt' 'and death' sickness,' 'sorrpw,' pain and ,. feared no more. Then .let us leave the silent inhabitants- of the graves to rest in peace, till ;the glorious ' of the resurrection, when they f shall morning come forth in immortalitrj to inherit the glory And letus who are still , prepared ibr them. left to toil andi 8ufferi in thereat battle of . life, so live, that when the summons? comes for us, when "the silken cord shall be loosed and the golden bowl bo hroken;"when the shadows of the 'dark valley surround us, though the waters may be cold, and nature shrinks abashed, may .we meet rPeath,.nt as a conqueror, but as a friend. "Oh, Death, where is thy sting! Oh, Grave, where is thy victory!" N. C. Y, J-'a- Have, thesQ would be "liberal" men a mother .a wile a sisierx ltwouiubetJM uuu, yx d that think Mormon women so ask We we will not try to defend., ourselves? to for the American citizens, and wish to vote for men of integrity and those that will stand by the constitution of our country, ' Women' riot fax payers, indeed! but very few are. riot. We pay, our taxes with our husbands. Many women own' property 'of. tbeir own; 'tis but a 'plea; aplan to burl another shot, but they will miss &h they always have; and it onlv helps to fill up the pages of the past; we will see. who will be. the winner, God is at the helm sisters! let us stand up for our rights and defend our position on this auestion intelligently, and honorably. Let us be united and humble and trust .to ..providence, and we will see that good will be the result. We will rely on" the strength of Israel's God, while our enemies relv on their own strength; and they will fall, while we will stand. Let us be1 firm and stand up nobly in our own defence, and not be unjustly deprived of our lawful rights. of the grim us are the trappings andspoils : tA jiistiee--and-frefidom.tMt.belon- g , -- . : Jane C. Johnson. Johnson, Kane Co. Utah. -- - . - , ... ; 1 1 - i ; 1 'j WOMEN ARE TAX PAYERS. ' 1 city and in session as we go to press, held its first public meeting on Wednesday afternoon, in the new MeiohaOn Hall in Tremont Temple. It was a remarkable gathering 'of women who had come from the Rocky Mountains, and all the way between, with an earnest purpose to contribute something to the solution of im- ( lo me. it was an unm after1 enjoying the1 franchise' !for ten'years, this late' date tft; y?& to deprive tts: of iea wamifp, m nr1 who over that audierice'of intelligent --women, were dealing ably with grave topics oi profound interest ta hiinian There came back to my mind in vivid contrast a meeting of the Association of Congregational Ministers of Massachusetts in North Brookfield in 1837, where I hear! the dangers that "threaten the female character with d and permanent injury," set forth in a "pastoral letter," which was called out by the fact that the voices of three peerless women, Angelina and Sarah Grimke, and Abby Kelly Foster had been lifted up for the sake of the slave. Between that : time, when everybody gazed with gaping wonder at. a woman who spoke in public, as at a ; spectacle, "and this, the great ' changes have been wrought by which the doors Utterly closed before to the expression of the feminine half of ; humanity have been opened. One result is this Woman's Congress. Can we help hailing it with profound gratitude? A " fuller report of its doings will be given next well-bein- g. ; week. - tar payers; - property m'co,ne'ciion'itliJiiet husband?, I think so: Does not her" labor Ticlp.' to make tbat property? Does she not stand by her husband as a help, and rear the boys to work out the vtll taxi Yes tee do, and often our lot is phard and tedious, arewe not always ready to " . advise and counsel for the best;'' a&d willing to suffer with ourbuabarids ' sons, fathers? Yes we vuu n- ueapuig nana wnen needed- - TINNER, OAS, WATER Oopds. STEAM FITTER. &. V& Agent for 'ltUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FORCE .PumpsKepaired on short notice. Grdettfao the country promptl; responded to. ..... 13?" Addrets, Ddtid James, Box 303, Salt Lake City. MRS.- O- - IE. - ST. I . WILLI-NERX- ". Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Ribbons in the latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, please Call Ladies' Hair Work in all its branches. Good Work Guaranteed! isr.25.ra. jLyCrnXmor WHOLES ALE ANB RETAIL DEALERS IS T)l 3PQpgl NOTIONS, GROCERIES, GLASS & QtTEENSWABE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. A. 'AT' 8ALT T OSLJlKE X 13 Xj -- T CITt 3 'Special .Departments tor Genfs Clothlnjr and CarpetSv' Ladies' . and Children Shoes, Dry Goods, Shawls and Domestics, Groceries, Hardware and Stoves. , . eUSES DRIED FRUITS OF ALL WAITED. ' . jOl. Of : .; ' .;: ...... ' '. :.. 0TOOH LARGE JOUH It ul Trunks Jlome for Sale by CinrLEU, Agent for the ConsUtntlon Bulldf ' U Blankets, Flannels; Shawls, Limeys, Jeans,; : PRQVQ WOOLEN MILLS, nff; also HOME' MADE : ' t ' " Frown Yams, White Tame, Colored Yarns, ;i - C. OM . . Cotton Battinr, Wool Cassimers, Tweeds, ' . ' Batttaf, Brooms, Washboards, finishes, Etc., Etc. ' !il H. DINWOODEY, October, 14. WHOLXSAXJB AND!' BIZA1I TM is a powerful ol MlWmi rffli will m difficulties. DR. ELLIS R. , SH1PP. PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON. 75, 77, l'fc'79, J,i SALT ; . Of Salt Lake BOOTS A First South t Street, ': hr:r,x ti 1. LAKE,. CITY. of "Women and Children as gpeciaJ-- JtS8ttrkS " U EAST TEMPLE No-- Desires the Ladies of SaJt Lake and tixm tbe Citj, to call at her Sbov Itoppif m& see her New Tisiling Stnck of The Jateet and most stylish modes of Hats and Bonnets, In Straw, Felt and Velvet.- - Also, a nice selection to weapon, working silently arid effectually in emergencies and at Docs' riot5 everV wife own autl IVluter . OFFICE on Main SU, aucr Cdtdafi Musk Stor RESIDENCE on" Sooth Temple 8treet, between 8th find " 10th East Streets. Special attention grlven to Obstetrics, Diseases of Chfldrtn and Distaxa of the Til IX) AT, HEAHT and LUXQS. L.S. our noi are rights:' taxpayenfAhl rihinfcjwe very fjeavy EXAMINE ELLEN B, FERGUSON, DPlxysioian And Ourgoon, wide-sprea- Self-contr- Are women not tax'" pwerpfu In looking over . ' the "News" of the '29th Wept, my eye rested on ' ' disfranchisement' of JWom6n;;in! 'reading the what was my surprise and indigna--- " paragraph " tibia4 towards Wr ko railed ""laUSral 'citizens; shall rirtem7"JNdJtheJf cannot be liberal 5" Fall PALACE OF FASHION The Woman's ' Congress assembled in this Wo7nam'$'Journal. i j CALL AND i 126 124 PUMP8. THE WOMAN'S CONGRESS. fepie ; . HE7 STORE, Sis. TO THEIR REMOVED .. o , P. AUEEBAOH & BRO. t- , nfet;th2 OFFICE Up Stain; in OVi ComiituWm BuOdivg. Blocks East of Post Office, South su lx of street. tlESIDENCE-S- . . ' us-wh- w.; weak-minde- ROMANIA B. PRATT, ;, aill JLJ JEW - 'JL' -- 'i Kf ' . - vtetaity wlfl find the LARGEST and f fix-oxi'a- i SHOES V&W-SLIPPER- and (WirabtoJHnes, best btandi 3iixo Shoe. I from one tooth to a ru.fH5 it 