W OM ATSVEX P uaTmprbve everf mjor-i- n The world is etching t if the rising genration Amlf and wondering and bear off Priesthood Sn honor the Holy as the older ones have thekiogSdm'.-bf.Goour sons and I they are also wondering if and "practise: plural daugh'to .will.; sustain; fathers have. and mothers marriage as their Kow 'itM 'for you mbttert.ttc"them this all to show them a good principle and above It. Snow has publexample. Said, Sister E. ished a'Hynin Book expressly for the Primary Orizations, itw A neat Jittle work mostly of her own poems, and urged the mothers to Tx&ks for their children. procure these Sister E..R. vSnow then addressed the conization:" Said, she thought it no ordinary .positidn' 'for herto arise to address an assembly was always happy of Latterky. Saint women thank-fa- l to meet with her sisters, and felt truly to gee:.some.).of the. brethren . present she did riot propose or presume to edify the brethren she knew it to be very encouraging to- the" sisters when the brethren manifested an interest in our i labors by occasionally attending our meetings. When they are present, instead of feeling greater timidity, she felt more safety in speakingj trusting thai if she said anything wrong, those holding . the priesthood would correct her,which she wouldthank-full- v 'A1-thou- . gh - . receive. tfot one of m can truthfully say, "I have When we were baptized, obeyed the Gospel." to obey Jhe we commenced ;abe$ence).but of Jesus Christ, requires the diligent the' heart, mind and strength, wholly devoted to the interest of Zioti. I realize, that if L obey the Gospel it will require air my powers and faculties devoted td the work of God while I live in the flesh, and how much will be required beyond the veil, is not for me to say. lAaU --realize that- - we are - here on missions, ana jnorder ur Ml is necessary that we so Tive as to keep the spirit of God constantly in our hearts, and that will acjjirect us step by step, until we shall have complished the work assigned us. Sister Eliza said, the Prophet Joseph Smith instructed the sisters, whom he organized into a Society, that wherever the Qiurcli of Jesus Christ had been fully organized, the sisters were also organized. Reference is made to. this subject,' in the New Testament, but we did not comprehend it until God revealed it through his prophet. God in his wisdonvhas given us the great privilege of organizations from the oldest member down, almost to the child in the mothei s arms. Said, none of the trials and persecutions we have passed through have been as dangerous, as is the spirit of the times in which we now live. Mothers do you realize the importance of the early training "of your children? What can be of so much consequence to parents than that their children shall be so cultivated as to grow up to e menand women of God? The Primary organizations are designed to assist the mot hers in their most responsible duties in this direction, and mothers should not think their work at home more important, than sending their children to the Primary meetings. It is neces" sary that you,, mothers, cooperate ::,mh those who are spending their tirne and devoting their energies in the cultivation of the rising generation. Encourage them by occasionally attending their meetings,. anoV you will be .astonished at the progress and improvemeet of your little' ones. The "civilization" of the world, which i spirit pi corruption is creeping in among us, and it 'wttl;ruire a41th that can with goodso ot only should thjrrill Jetia;plafbr'fvU-rnGospel wort of our mortal lives, with if ... Sj theT2QX . the IiicfiJfta Gospel, heart. aMcMd prbqr4es in must have its but they spirit the - their 71 She;agam fijoke of the 'Relief Society: said, when : Joseph;, Smith first organized it; he said our "duties 'were not 'only to look after 'the poor, but to save souls.". "Said, she considered the position of .Teacher a highly, responsible one, and its duties very important. Some ignorant persons seem to consider it a begging callfeg,! but they are not expected to ask for donations unless, they; are specially sent tocollect, ineans for some special is gen-- , iCconipIbut the future. 1 'bB'U.; ren were present,when Sister E. R. Snow talked to them in such a good motherly spirit arid created such feelings in their young and iender hearts as will never be eradicated She then organised the South Ward. Officers, .'Ida Caroline Larsen, Presiderit; Clementina Marion ' Morrison; Clara Olson, Counselors; George Christiansen; Secretary; Annie H. Peterton, Treasurer.' Meeting dismissed with singing and prayer by, Bishop AVm: S. Seely.? At 4, meeting iwAsi 'again called to order by Sister E. B. Wells who then organized the North Ward. Officer?, Mary Rowc, President; "Matilda Neilwn, Hannah C. 3fadsen; Counselors; John Dehlin, Secretary; Qiirlej 1 '. purposeit ' erally understood that the poor are sustained by' doriations; that if the sisters have anything to impart, they give without being asked, and although assisting the poor,4 and administering to the sick are.the first duties, they are not the most important. To properly fulfill her duties, a Teacher needs the Holy Ghost, that when she enters a home, she may knownvhat spirit prevails there; and then she needs the wisdom of God, that she may benefit those she meets: Are any sorrowful, that she may administer comfort, or if they have "lost their first love" and become indifferent to their eternal interest, take them by the hand and by imparting the kind arid sweet influence of her own bosom, lead them back, Our organizations are designed for our cultivation to help us on in the road to perfection, they also,place us in positions to be great helps to the Priesthood. Sister Eliza said that Sister Wells had mentioned 7a very important subject. Celestial Marriage, which, instead of debasing is elevating to woman. Whatever purifies, is ennobl' ing, and to live plural the we have to enlarge our hearts overcome inherited narrow contractedness of our nature subdue our selfishness and become more Godlike. She bore a strong testimony to the fact that God had revealed' it and required its practice. She exhorted the mothers to watch over their daughters, 'and p.Q watchful to protect their pur-itSaidJf you want your daughters to become in iuc man IlODie Bnir TlstiOT- Ml iwgpiw:, beplace, like Queen Victoria, teaeh them to come good and efficient housekeepers, with "a place for everything, and everything in its place." Unless they know how to cook, when they employ help, their servants will be sure to take advantage of their ignorance. She spoke, encouragingly of silk culture, and ear-- ; urged the people to promote it, and be in all of nest in forwarding Home Manufactures kinds, that we might become a people. Exhorted the sisters to attend their meetings, said, you will make, more in doing so, than you will in staying at home. t Yet I .never counsel mothers to leave their children unprotected for any, niceting. Your children 'should them Avitlj TPM.d be your, firste-rbrin- g will be they ultlvateearlythe. habit, and. they, In P.-TM- ., Edward Hampslnre, assistant Secretary; Caro line Madien, Treasurer. After a few salutary remarks from our Bishops, meeting. closed with singing and prayer by Bishop Peter Madsen. M. F. C. Morrison, Prest. i A. CORRESPONDENCE. Dear Exponent It - " punctualV&ttenda attendinglmeetings,: if .we . are, humfleVand get .Tefreings irom prayerfulve are, sure. towhidi is carried.; to our influence ,of above,-'thvL madei hapmerIetno one homespirime e :,doingr but Iet.ua iUl be overcomlearning day bv day; Uttle by little, ing our lqwrj "w.eakrieses,;; and;' grow weary.wrell short-coming- s, until we'attalnViorfection. , . '.. 4 . Bishop Seelyf;;and cellenCremarks had been:'ftni..thankful :to: theaters lor this visforfi would closing remarks hoped that ill .present, 'xQhtmXppM myour hearts and, practice it in WMffi all hetot& until profit b the' m'AfmBW Sikn PrimaryWjtohe ihQ 4 f '"; - . ; , v. self-sustaini-ng has been some time since I have scribbled a. few lines for your readers yet I have not forgotten you. When I last wrote we were living in the pretty little valley of Sevoia, now we are at St. John... We were quite sorry to leaye. our New; iMe)uco home, as we had lived there two years andjewhieh come much attached to the ..jtalljn stood like sentinel" eery side asUUo guard; us from onljr flviev families Jeri ' There were ' ulte. uneasy! all were Indians arid ai the there over the, country the leading'.brethreri Tin v this vicinity deemed it unsafe for us tojremain longer. Yet we trust with the blessing of the Lord to return with other Saints to settle those valleys at someture'time..; While there w had no reason to f(jar tfie.iiatives, in'fact; they appr.'mpre friendly than ever, and were sad at our. departure. There ,were white men we had ciuch greater reason to fear. They; knew the Indians had II I feel irigs towards th e, whj tes '"'as jtile amV'ihev could hot see why a few peonle.'liviriir"' ou t iw we wre, couU tWtr mi e "right ft ,ifterr u veru aisu cucimtss w iuc miusc, unii?s Americans. Thus it was the same old story. We claiirietl to be Latter-day- . Saints, arid conand 'If t&e sequently were' the colored people were our friends we could Ipok for no friendship from those who are so constantly "opposed to that poor despised ' copper-colore- d race. But as it is the work pf our Heavenly Father we are engaged in,we can afford to waiV his pleasure and all will; be' maerig)ft. There are about forty families; at this placp present' and nearly all are living in wagons and tents, or. shanties of almost any description, though doubtless all will try, to build' houses this fall Many" would, have done so before had their time not all been taken up attending their gardens and fields. The first part of the season was quite dry and rather cold, and the past six weeka considerable rain has fallen, which has improved thelooks of the place a .very great .deal. We . spent the Fourth of July as pleasantly as one would exwere intendpect in a new place. The people time also on the Twenty ing having a real good Fourth. . We were all 'going tojiave 'ainner at the! bowery but a heavy, rain and hail storm come on the day . before so we were compelled to give up that, yet even in St. John there we events that cannot be postponed eVeri for ram or haU however fuous it may descend.; a very inconvenient time. witljt tents and wagon boxes almcM swimming in water still our worthy frieud.Sisier Mary Johnson gave birth to fino ahd; is ' getting albngas well , , -- peace-breake- r At P rs r it .It.aa , :one daughter thaVffe per those 'wno! prove .to him they .can, this land;, to help homes inUtah'and come , redeem'it and ' make a desirable home for the, , bur Vmanesx&et according to Louise Hasler, Sec'y. 