WOMAN'S EXPONENT for hair is silvered with ae, I am most grateful were in my arms it But when my children to hug them to my heart, and 0 how I wanted shield them from the trials of life; but the exsince gained has proved perience that I have life's furnace to me that all have to be tried in dross by patience and and be purified from all forbearance and Jong suffering, and then how sweet will be the reward when we are through with the toils and struggles of this life, aud how grateful we will be and how we will apfeel that we have preciate the reward when we exertions. earned it by our own I once heard related the dream of a sifter that had passed through much persecution and povertv, and had been tried to the very center of her soul. She dreamed that she was traveling and came to a beautiful mansion and stopped there to rest; she went into the first apartment, she noticed that many were sitting around and among them two of her friends, and as she was in the act of sitting down the guide who was there told her that she was not to stop but to follow him, which she did until they entered a most beautiful room, and she was motioned to lake a seat, and she said that it seemed so glorious and so full of rest. And the odor of refreshments that were being prepared were so grateful to her, that she turned to the Prophet Joseph who was there and said that she was as near Heaven as she expected to get. She asked her guide if her two friends that were in the entrance room could not come in? His reply was "not until they have been tried as you have, and are wedry as you are." must be humble instruments in the hands" of After some other remarks, she nominated Mrs. Elmina S. Tavlor to preside over all the Y. L. M. L A. in all the Stakes of ZionJ She was unanimously elected. Mrs. Maggie Y. Taylor and Miss Mattie Home were chosen and elected her Counselors, Miss Louie Wells, Secretary, and Mrs. Fanny Young Thatcher, Treasurer. Mrs. Louie Felt made a few remarks; said she wished to obey when called upon. What Sister Snow had said about pride touched her; she was proud of the principles of the Gospel. If 'we sought improvement through prayer and effort we would improve; God would bless the diligent seekers after truth. Many had begun earnestly, aud then slackened their efforts; she exhorted the young ladies to renewed diligence, all those connectedwith these organizations. Mrs. C. Y. Conrad said: "We should not fear the ridicule of men or of women, we should do the best we can and seek to God for His aid. We look around us and see some who are gifted, they compose beautifully, but they could not do that all at once, they had to attain to it by degrees; it is so with other things. If you refuse to act in any capacity, you cannot improve; we have to make a commencement. Young girls, write for the Exponent, all of withyou who can; for my part I would not'-bfor out it. Yes, write it, and take it and read it. Keep good company and do not keep late hours; then you are safer from temptation. Your mothers and fathers are the right ones to counsel vou; take their advice. W e certainly spiritual food as well as temporal. I would be glad to see more young sisters come into our ranks." Mrs. E. S. Tavlor said in-- a i isimr felt very K...uu, a,c desired not only to the speak of good and true principles, but that rest spirit of her office and calling mightbefore upon me? her. "Do I see young ladies here Onjy a few. Do tbey appreciate for what pur-- And she awoke. July 11, 18S0. Experience. to-wt-sh- AND PRIMARY REPORTS. K, &, Y. L. M. L A. Stak e of Zion; Held in the Assembly Hall, June 19..1880, at 2 o'clock P. M. Mrs. M. A. Freeze presiSingT Opened by singing, "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire." 5?raycr was offered Elizabeth Howard. Singing, "Come ail ye Saints who dwell on earth." Minutes of previous Conference read and accepted. Reports were read from several Associations. Mrs. Freeze then called upon the Presidents to report. Mrs, Sarah Graham, First Ward, Sospoke for a few moments, and stated their ciety had forty bushels of wheat stored and nine dollars in cash in Treasury. During the quarter they had held one joint meeting with the Y. M. M. I. A. of the ward, and met once with the 11th Ward in joint session. Said the young ladies of the 1st Ward had a library of by Mrs. Qhurch. works, - Pres. Freeze said she was mterested in all she had heard, realized these Associations were a great blessing. Young people .must have omething'to interest them in'ihe Go'soel,. they must live for a testimony if hey would obtain it. Said it is necessary to have, the Spirit of God in our "hearts continually, that we' may, stand faithful. ' One thing especially that she desired to say was,Urtihe ' spirit f6f unbelief is abroad in Zlon," arid the iricfination to arue that there is no God; therefore it is 'necessary that all should seek'unto God if they will do this, they will overcome. ' Let us seek the Lord more faithfully, and God will assist us in our weakness and "diffidence if we pray; unto Him earnestly. My desirfe is to see the young ladies; progress, and not let the children get in ;advance. We should each understand and know our duties, and then do them. There are many sources of instruction, let us arouse ourselves to the, importance of that rest upon us." Pres. .11. Snow, Smith said the greatest obstacle to speaking in public was pride; a speaker must be absorbed in the subject, we ' ' much to blame in this respect. Have we not an evidence of the growth of infidelity? Is it true the spirit of infidelity is in our midst? Then have we not instructed, have we not trained our children as we should? We may have taught our children the best we could; if we have done our best we cannot reproach E. Tavlor said on one occa .,,rcJ8 Jnspnh sion "If you have done for your children the best'you could, and you still hold Ihem up by Our faith, they will come back by and by. ladies and gentlevoung people should also be them in all the men, and we should educate be besciences of the day, that they may not hind in any good thing. Mothers, look after their vour daughters, keep them near you, keep faithconfidence that they may be true and ful and that our Associations may not languish and pine in the future as they have m thaptet, 19 Kimball said she was pleased MSamh M.the' occasion of the perfecting to be present on would give of the organizations, and believed it months an impetus to them; thought in three fill that would from that time the young ladies new interest a Hall. ' Hoped it would inspire could not afford in these organizations; said we Praved that to lose the intermediate link. fill her posi-Soto Taylor might have power one not know of a 'more important much grieved at Said Sister freeze had been e interest. "We have the seniorm-Sliatand primary ndividual labor this pertec about thegreat- - Mattie H. Paul. Mrs. M. L Home spoke of the energy and orn ability of Miss Paul; said she had great portunities to talk to ladies of notn about our in the people and principles, and she was firm faith of the Gosel. She had educated herself knowlgone out into the world to obtain perfect edge of the profession she had chosen, and did not forget her mountain home. The Conference was adjourned three months. The eon- wou gregation rose and sang lhc hpint oiElder by like a fire is "burning." Benediction TS VI W Cj. X). M . Graves. JOTTINGS. The Exponent contiuues to come to us here in Upper Kanab, freighted with its usual and e store of interesting news. Hav"Wild wood Leaves ing read the article entitled and flowers," I feel as though I had had a visit with the dear author a friend of bygono enhh one to year. And "Seek ajlteward," take up her hurtle mf trudge along --with ever-welcom- renewed j;Wgencc. The efforts of the Exponent arc to lead the minds of the daughters of Zion in a channel that will prepare them for positions they arc 0 we know h7" qualified totofill, lives. better '" Jive purer and are " acsires numare we heartS beat with true pride that ot bered with iioffle women; yes, handmaids the Lord, who are. willing to endure all things their -if... .,a,n ..i-,- . yA ml who. knowing ,c ihu iiuiu ior aintain tnem. .Lt- -- t I I uuiiwu.r,"."vftvw' . , t i ;.. r' tUn T it jsriii iitMtll nil universal gool. are striving to do public and of I eacc, We remanvvour sisters in the Haikikt Bunting, Editor 3Iaky J. Johnson, Ex ro s ent: You r valuable little is a very we come paper comes to hand, and visitor to us here away out in Colorado, acthink as soon a the .sisters here become subscribquainted with it. vou will have many ers from this pW. I will show my I have an opportunity, for I Hunk as think it no woiLn slumld bwithont ,t. will not be long until we will have lief Society meetings here a you have in bids fair town is growing fast; every thuigI ike the. fb? a beautiful city in the future and wel asTJtah, belief country here quit, as - will Lord the )m if we do right the Saints. AVe are living close neighbors to Mexicans here, who lire very kind tons. lne very strange for have many custom- - which areainted wUh them a whibut we soon geUuu as I suppose our ways of living .arc quite strange to them success to your valuable par, Em wishingsister in the G(iel, I remain your mr.to 'Jf ,t n- tboftgamn , the-obligatio- Mrs. Freeze made suitable - remarks, and asked the presidents to invite Mrs. E. S. Tavlor and her counselors to visit them. Spoke of the lecture to be given in the Theatre the following Tuesday by Dr. R. B. Pratt, for the benefit of e : Ji . L..M.: LA. (Quarterly Conference r. L. r Elder D. Graves made some remarks on Sericulture, and read a letter from Philadelphia on that subject. God. -- Manti City 35 v "Trill-brin- fflto Lpr the young ladies . Tavlor visit them in their respeo--- lWrSfm ffinfA creditably. STAKE I IE PORTS WANTED. of full Statistical and Financial Heport Al 187 i to 18Si lief Societies from April 1st, 1880 to aSemi-AnnuReport from April 1st, from October 1st, 1880, are specially requested all the each of the Stake Secretaries throughout of the Stakes of Zion. Forward to the Secretary First .Presiding Bqard.. Salt lake City, Sarah M. Kimball, O. Box, 785, p. Re- al . position, that someone would fill it more 