WOMA N'S EXPOEENT. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. OI3IEJLIAE B. WEIAS, - - - Editor. In 8alt Lake City, Utah. Terms; One copy one year, $2.00; one copy six months, Published eemi-monthl- y, Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates; Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.00; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to . Tegular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council hours House, South Temple Stieet. Badness 10 from a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday. Addrof all baslness communications to Publisher Womjlk's Exponest, Salt Lake City, Utah.' 1.00 , SALT LAKE CITY, MARCIT 1 , 1880. WORK AND WAIT. heavily upon them and seem to threaten them g with the destruction their cherished, hopes. From what source do they gather courage to struggle on? From Him who sees not as man sees. If women.have talents, ability aLd energy to labor for the public good, they c in assuredly work'inore ehVctually when there areho invidious distinctions against them; and the right of entire freedom and an open path will lend new vigor to their every impulse. Women who have had great maternal labors are, over, who are willing to sacrifice ease and comfort that they may serve others by doing a public good, by working in some common ciuse for the general welfare of all, such' women are blessings to the world at large; and "tor all euch the;e is work to do in the great busy, bustling world. Yes, there is need of women workers iu public as well as private life. The peculiar characteristics poesessed by woman of quickness of observation, facility for adaptation and intuition amounting almost to revelation, her purity of character, aud the spiritual endowments which seem rooted in her very nature, will all tell strongly on the side of right . and justice. There have been too few laborers in the past; now, if some of the reserve forces can be brought into action, the world may advance still more rapidly. Woman hus, by her indifference and inactivity, clogged the wheel of progress in the awakening from her durmaut condition, the workers will be doubltd, and a new inspiration will be given by the admission of a cew element, and the burdens of life will grow lighter when all work together on a bi oider platform for human progress. Then let woman work and wait, with a brave heart and willing hands, doing the duy that lies nearest, howevtr humble it may ba, and "let her own works praise her." offi in-'na- The question frequently asked us durlDg the , lafct few days has been, What are you going to da now the Governor has refused to sign the fWomm'a BUI.' " It reminds us of a sang recently sent by a good sister for publication, wbkh begins and ends with, "What are you going to do, slater) Say. what arc you going to do?" We are going to do just as we did before, only better jf we can, fr we have had another Dew experience to add to the long list of the experiences of years. We are going to labor in the interests ol humanity, in the education and elevation of women and children; we are going to help promo'e the interests of Zi-with ail the ene gy and ability we posses?, in all humility, trusting in God for the result of our labors. These are some of the things the bisters unitedly feel to do, praying earnestly that Zion may "become a great city, the wonder of all people.' 7 be resigned when ilia betide, Patient when favorg are denied, And pleased with favors irivtm; Dear Cbloe, thli is wisdom's part, This is that incense of the heart, Whose fragrance smells to heaven." HOME AFFAIRS. The 3alt Lake Assembly Hall is bdng handsomely frescoed by Morris & Co., painters, under the direction and supervision of Eider old-fashion- b-lu- te To These are eloquent words from an poena, deeply engraven upon our heart in years gone by, when we practised it as a lesson, seeking to makt it a pattern, a motto in the midst of tiial. Women have been designated the reserve forces of humanity, and when the right time comts they will advance to the rescue. There are many lessens yet to ba Jearued by women, and they have need of prayerful thought and careful study that they may act wisely their noble part in the great drama of Jifu, and that all may be done in perfect harmony with the spirit and genius o( the holy priesthood. But one nays, "Have not women work enough to do pertaining to their household to occupy all their time to the exclusion of everything else." Will you tell us who finds time to visit the Lomes of the poor, who feeds the hungry, clothes the destitute, administers to the needy, comforts the bowed down, encourages the doubting, reprovys in humility und love tie erring? Does tins wjrld need such tireless workers, whoe pleasant duty it is to labor fur thguod tf othcis, fojgetful of sei'l? Do such vromen deserve any Consideration at tho hands of men, their brotiur? They have their special needs aud butdeoa, they often walk in rough places, they stand sometimes on the of the river cf death, that they may bear the souls of men and women; often they walk alone, through fierce storma which beat ed Henry Grow, the designer and aichitect. Over the stand is a picture representing the Bee Hive, the emblem of Deseret, embowered in vinei an 1 flowers, cfa which the bees are feasting; above the hiveisthe All seeing eye watching over all. Tne Nauvoo and Kirtland Temples are painted one on each side of the beehive. Next ou the s;uth side of the ceiling ate Joseph and Oliver receiving the Aaronic Priesthood frm John the Btptist, which took place on the banks of the Susquehanna river, in Pa. Opposite, on the north side are Peter, James and John bestowing the Melchiz dec Priesthood upon Joseph, who is kneeling before them. The St. George and Manti Temple on the south ide,andthe Salt Lake and Logan on the north, nuke a complete and charming picture. Over (he gallery is the representation cf the hill Cumorah, and Joseph receiving the plates at the hands of tho angel. The work is tateftilly designed and neatly executed, aud will add greatly to the appearance of the interior of the building. The pictures bting historical will give tone to the building, and recall the mind to the subjects tbty represent la the most pleasing way. It is a new feature of Mormon Tabemacles.original in some respects.and calculated to create a sublime and lofty admiration for the places and incidents thus presented. k . The new Governor ABOUT THE WOMEN IN WYOMING. life-lon- for Utah, Gen, Eli H. Murray, arrived on Sunday last, and took the oath of offlce beforeChlef Justice Hunter to-da- y. Chief Justice HoWe, of the Supreme Court of Wyoming, in a letter to Mrs. Myra Bradwell, of Chicago, says: "I had ho agency in the enactment of the law In Wyoming conferring legal equality on women. I found it upon the statute book of the Territory, and in accordance with its provision, several women were legally drawn by the proper officers on the grand and petit juries of Albany Co., and were duly summoned by the Sheriff without any agency of mine. On being apprised of these facts, I conceived it "to be my plain duty to fairly enforce this law as I would any other; and more than this, I resolved at once that as it had fallen to my lot to have the experiment tried under my administration, it should have a fair trial, and I therefore assured thtse women that they could serve or not a3they chose; that if they chose to serve, the court would secure to them the most respectful couHideri-tio- n and deference, and protect them from insult in word and gesture, aud from everything which might offend a modest and virtuous woman in any of the walks of life in which the good and true women of our country have been accustomed to move. "While I had never been an advocate for the law I felt that thousands of good men and women had been, and that they had a right to it fairly ail ministered; and I was resolved that It should not be sneered down, if I had to employ the whole poiver of the court to prevent it. I felt that even those who were opposed to the policy of admittng women to the see right of suffrage and to hold office wtu'd con- demn me if I did not do this. It was also sufficient for mo that my own judgment ap. proved this course. "With such assurances these women chese to serve, and were duly impaneled a? jurors. They are educated, cultivated Eastern ladies, who are an honor to their sex. They have with true womanly devotion left their homes cf comfort In the States, to share the fortunes of their husbands and brothers in the far West, aud to aid them in founding a ne w State beyond the Missouri. "And now as to the results. With all my prejudices against the policy, I an under obligations to say that these women acquitted themselves with such dignity, decorum, propriety of conduct, and intelligence, as to win the admiration of every citizen of Wyoming. They we;e careful, painstaking, intelligent aud conscientious. They were firm and resolute for tt o right, a established ty the law and the teitimony. Their verd'ets we e right, and after three or four criminal trials the lawyers erged in defending persona accused of crime b?gn to avail themselves of the riht of peremptory challenge to get rid of the women jurors, who were too much in favor of enforcing the laws and punishing crime to suit the iuterests of their clients. After the grand jury hd been in session two dajs. the dance-houskeepers, gamblers and fleJ out of the city in con-fientio- us fair-mind- ed e demi-mond- e di?may; to scap the iudicment of women grand jurors. In short, I hava never, in twenty-fiv- e years of constant experience in the courts of tha country, saeti a imre faithful, intelligent, and resolutely honest grand and petit jury thau thee "The pieaeucef.cf these ladis.s in curt se- cured the most perfect d coram and propriety of con uct, and the gentlemen of the bar and others vie 1 with each pther in their couiteous aud rtspec ful demeanor toward-Mhlad e and the court Nothing occurred to offend the most refined lady (If she was a tenable lady), e 