, ,W 70 .'V t t i EXPONENT. OMAN'S, J i j ;. 1 (1 ;.l-- . ii - uomen'wbose'sorrows and sufferings called forth ao muchw I ran hut enter my soJemn protest against the Libera principles of 41ose In our, midst who "won Jd, were Jt. possible, take from Xua . the frar (t;h Ie h pnorably accorded, to lis, by the Legis- "emphatically itifkpsimbbtjjh'. J. most of woman, with MM.fiUed ...'peratlon. mtttt inTatfalrs of Stte wjllTbrjng f abxnt. a better of society; and as women are considered good at cleaning Up, roust confess I think their .influence, ability and active exertions are eonoTition , mifchiicvded : s r - . at present ' 2' "Hannah B. PipoocK. MTttuntil'it'-was- i true bearted "Mormoh" woman- have disappointed our yery0beral"ajid symnatheticfrienaslWe really love bur husbands and prefer to. be,, governed by our; brethren 'Instead of by bur acknowledged enemies.7 We havealsd proved true I cannot but protest against the proceedings of the,'sajpalled liberals in. our midst,Twbo, are seeding to take; away our rights and privileges as citizens, ft arouses a feeling of .indignation In mylbearti anU;.idy NewVEnglaijd blood, rebels " against such rank Injustice, , JIow X rejoiced wheu the sulfnigc was extended jo us here in these - valleys and fel t ; that i t was .a God given f prrvilege which. allT rood and true wpmen; ought to enjoy, and prayeu earnestly that the women of America; "who SQ ardently desired, Jhjs power for grod' might ilso ; obtain equalVlghts as cit' " ; izens. ' ' ' -- - 1 ft is astonishing to what a degree some of ur!Father's,, creatures can becjpupy.thejr: own '; seeing fMg&tttf still jm&gifle thepyes'farf Of late cpntest entered the Chftjjaso Chising the: women rf Htaji.by certain parUes, exiqw&ibftaiMna SllWWf visual extent. JLLec..iw , mid rmrhar thftv thfnlr tlinf fhvor rMnT 4 Iij to acOiberally, .But if they could open tb r eyes to the truth, they would atonly once see 1 hot there js neither Justice nor. even honesty in tl, ir doings, fo. say nothing Of geherosty or. Jib- - as in the pastr fiflf nr, . - Lula Ghie IUcuaiuqs. . WE SPEAK IN OUR OWN DEFENSE. Inasmuch as we, the veritable women of Utah, have enjoyed the right of franchise for ten years with good results, we as Americans would not be honoring the heritage given us by the patriotism bequeathed us by our forefathers, who were willing to give their lives to maintain their honor qua 6btain freedom for their poster! ty-u- n jess we protested against this attempt to takeaway our privileges. , t Js pur dvty to express our Jridigna Ion, at this unheard pf political injustice. We asknot mercy but j usticeV r " We vote lor meii.of Integrtty.T that have ever honored the constitution of pur. country; We are, again jr'oUr rights; .we know for wnat purpose. WoUld; J 'apt be wiser to foster and protect. virtue; encourage Industry and the sacred rights of affection, $han, to, make us feel the degradation of the dram ntp and . Its terrible, train, of and take the power from us. to restrain these evils In our' midst? We may" Well dread wha next will be required of us. . In CacheX'Qunty,1 there are 9,000 people with-9J- S a ?Huor stor.o Its attendant miseries; And is fair sample of the counties in tftah .the excepUon ,'pr those places ?J?ftyriW, where Ueritile cl vjlitatlon abounds.' . :Ca the world settis a better example? ' And .now after endurance in settling .this desert, 6F 4VW.and ihaven to accusers may haverbread '.nd bleWng of Qod.upod our .labors, hall we allow the tombstone pf , policy, which is. fing,carved by. politicians, to be erected over theVrave'of principle and honor?' " . '' .the ladies of Utah answer, NO! . ene-mie- . Helen Mar Whitney. x equity." - 1 ' " . . ;r he zp. yo. r in lat eyeningsV the mnjreading of wr X Confess fhat lor a moment I felt warmed vpaud xeally.iiidi pro-PfWP- g? would-be-tyrant- s, ntrJm J? f dowrytrhdd?n : and, the framing of such laws as our noble Legislators have made for the governing of the same, " be seen the power of an Allwise and 'plainly never deserts his own. GpaTwho just Now let those who' believe we have joyfully exercised and fully appreciated this right, come to the front and do what they; can for, the cause of Woman, for not only do we sufler but all w6rnen who have raised the standard for their own emancipation, have a firm plank in the platform which is being constructed by them for , frjeedomi- -, Mrteter How palpable far theJaffof jin the R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. On August 19 we celebrated the of our organization in Pepa, and anniversary had a very time. Assembled enjoyable at the meeting house at ten a. m., which was tastefully decorated for the occasion by, the President of the Y. L. M. I. A., with some of the members of the same to assist her. Opening exercises. Roll called; fifty-on- e members present. Minutes of last meeting read And accepted. read and accepted. Pour girU and twoReport boys rhe Happy Mormons." Questions onsang the first principles of the Gospel, to which the children gave very prompt. answers. Thirteen little bovs and girls repeated alphabetical texts girl nd three; boys, wg ?Jn our lovely 0eret piatogue by two little boy, entitled, , Tbejbor that wore old: clothes;"; Ten little e 'Tve hands work Tor Jes-- " r.ee .boy aQd three girls repeated the first twelve verses of the . . fft -- t. sang a gipsy closed song. Meeting by singing, "The tide of time is ebbing low. Benediction, S. Walker. vsssw iwo-littl- w";';.; mJ; : Report of the meeting held in Mt Pleasant Sanpete Co., Aug. 7th, 1880. At 10 A. M. Opened with singing "The Morning Breaks" prayer by C. W. Lund, singing "We to the Lord will pray. Sister Morrison then introduced Sisters E. R. Snow Smith and & B. Wells to the congregation and said she felt glad beyond expression to have that privilege, and hoped that good order would be observed so that all would be benefitted by the rich instructions she felt would be given. ; Zina Young Williams. a By.reouest two young ladies Momsss' manger" style, they raise their manly (?. .voices against "weak women" as they please to term us, to carry out their own mean :Resign to disable oiir husbands and fathers from having a voice in the ruling of the coiintfT which their own industry has made. Don't you ltnoW,you uuo horeo jwliiiciaus, that the dishonorable subterfuge to which. j'ou are resorting, is palpable to every honorable man and woman who Is not eaten up by.sj.ite and avarice? Bah! the very name of the one chosen for this great and mighty conspiracy means failure. He has told the story of 'y'his little pig went to market, and this little pig stayed at home" to the nation ever so many times, and everybody knows his sanctity means loaves and fishes." We may my sister, lose the right of suffrage, butiet us meet this infringement upon our in solid phalaux, and show that we haverights the power and the will to wave our banner of "Trust in Israel's God" in trie face of all the world. ; mary. .. nse-(uence- s, . - In the statutes of our now famous Territory, r ' ht For us as women of America, and Mothers in Israel, the glorious right of the ballot has meant strength to those who hare; our confldencej and of law and a bulwark Pf defense, in. the " cause ' ' as-nail-ed but-terj.int- ; . . people who seek to attend toiheir own condfns j hve , eyer been productive of good where they have sought to bring, evil,- so it, will be.hjtbejutore. It, is onlyanew shot at the old ruarktbey have so often missed. Arid they still waste their ammunition, for they will miss ' agaMn. r ENFBANCHISEMENT. "THE BLIND LEAD THE BLIND." ana jneir iuitjowfl toward 'A , t united; " We shall see the hand of God in this, as we have in every other. move made by our enemies. They,., can-d- o nothing; against jjs, but for. us. Trese trials aje, necessary to separate the, dross from the'pure metal. W e can look back through all our mobbing and drivings and can see the s, hand of God in every move. Instead of our us as and they hoped .expected .destroying to dpVwe"have become rich and popular, and they are now filled with envy, arid are really the ones to be pitied, for they are' trusting in their own strength as did Goliath, and we trust in the Almighty, who will show forth his power in belialf of his people. Minerva W. Snow. the - . to the principles .of, pur, religion,, which is ; far dearer to us Uian are our liyes? pr anything, else without it: and it seems we have become a ipw-e- r to be dreaded, and how the" poor hypocrites .are trying to .undo what they have.done. "To want to and can't" is their unenviabJe condition to be' if wej will be humble and and will continue ' ' . f , Several of ta ' could do. At noon we had recess for one hour when they were regaled with cake, caQdvAid lemon ade. JtCewa.rds of ment were disinbuted. Both young, and old enjoyed themselves exceedingly all were welLfatisfied. Annual report of Peoa Primary. Association-OuAssociation was , organized "by Peoa Belief ; Society ,by order of pur worthy' Stake; President Mrs. Sarah S. Richardson August 19,1879,Tith the following officers: Mrs. Lydia Marchant President; Mrs. Elizabeth Maxwell 'and Mrs' Anna Marchant, Counselors Miss Rhpda P Huffaker, Secretaiy; Miss Lydia. Newmaa Assistant Secretary, and Master Jevi Pearson' Treasurer.; since which time we have endeavored to the best of our ability to do all e could to improve the children committed to our charge. We hold our meetings. weekly; the exercises consist of select readings, quegl tions on the principles of the Gospel, Scripture passages and any ood principles by way of impressing it on their young minds, recitations by the. children, We have enrolled sixty-siDnames; average attendance, twenty-eigonated to the Temple, $1; 80. Our Bishop was present with one of his counselors, S. Walker, and addressed the meeting for a short time,' encouraging the sister? and parents to do all. they could to stimulate the children to be punctual in their attendance; was pleased to meet with so many children, and was also pleased with the progress they were making; hoped they would be good children; and if so, in a future day they would be very glad they had ever belonged to the Pri- -- : INDIGNATION EXPRESSED. cieinrmiiy.io.an Matthew! - ; Sister Wells said she felt glad to meet with the sisters of this place said it is such a beautiful day and your surroundings here are more than pleasant, no doubt you have worked hard to make your city what it is: there is much for us all to do and to learn, and we should strive to imitate everything that is good, noble and which purer The Saints are building temples is one great step in advance to be done for our dead,it will be a mighty work. Sister if trials come along try. to bear them patiently, keep them to yourselves and the Lord, do not take others into your confidence, for that will not make you feel better but you will always be sorry afterwards that you have done w' Showed that trials were necessary to bring JJ near to God. She thought .that we should teacji.our children all that which is good; noble and virtuous, said it , is necessary. that they n well as we should know .goojd from, evil, that they may be able to withstand temptation ..when the powers of darkness, beset them. Mother never let pass an opportunity to teach your children the principles four holy rehg1 !" it shbuld be that your circumstances were ?cn other education, that you could give them-nthan home education, this Gospel will them to make J wise men ' arid women. has not been so much dbne' in 4he ay. bOT spiritual education in the past, ;as ia now . i , ' , . o' 1 . 