JrflSfjOurtotallnoome duringlhe ffeile ?i2S since the organization of the Relief, 9n922:. Perpetual Emigration Fund. Temples, ,$558.-- ; pense?r$33.68f pnbhc debt, meeting house, 40: can V clock, ?etc;r for Sabbath Schools, Lo4n 1$ 25 Factory, 25.00; build-i- n and h0use S1155; pai3 for Relief Society granary, etc., $039.87; sundry expenses,$106 J9; to library, 40.00; total expenses, $2,173.and needy, $295.29; S815ck Sntenriial lv ! j Annual Report of the Primary Association of one year ago East Bountiful,-organize182 members, inwith the 19th of April, 1879, 224 to creased Meetings held during the year : weekly on aJUirdayipoiisAy erage, 48L meetings during the year; average . attendance, 125. Cards of merit have been distribu ted twice during the year. The exercises of the meetings have been similar? to the following; , After the usual opening exercises, remarks are gener? ally made by our President and Counselors; then recitations", smgmg arid essays from ''the childrenand a number of children bear their asked the children by our. testimony; questions rr Pyooianf ThflU VtoxrA filar ?amnl mandment", ar prayer, arid some poetry; had reading; from the Bible, Book of Mormon and Doctrine and CovenantSy and other select works; have also taught thctri' sbmo" of' the first ' " ' princiof the gospel. ples Have received from the children on their five-cedonation the sum of $9.85. We have also had two concert and oneparty; proceeds,$33.90; .full amQmliprprcceeds, $43.75. Paid out for . d y, - - - . 4 r- ' '. ; nt presents for the chUdrenliM1lun"dry"artk5iesrfor the Association the sum of $36.10, and S7.G5 left in the treasury. . ' Donated to the Relief Society, three bushel - of wheat, 75 cents per bushel, $2.25 And two' bed quilts for the Temple, $4.25 . . - each. - ... Officers of Organizationf Ann Dutin! flnnnjSAjftra. $8.50 'President, Mrs. Marv F.vana and Mrs. Sarah' Easthope; Secretary, Miss Olive C. Sessions; Asst. SecreUiry, Miss Ilannah Call; Treasurer, Miss Iiucina Sessions. Afrs- - , On the 25th of October last Sister E. It. Snow visited Morgan and organized the Primary As sociation of South Morgan Ward, with ybur cor- respondent as president and Ann .Fry and Jeanette "Hogg as counselors; 67 names were enrolled and our first meeting held November 1st, from that time to May 8th wehave held 22 meetings, we have now,81 members, and during this time the! members jhave paid in donations to the Temple the sum of $10.15 and have $1.65 on hand; On the 21st of this month we had an- - entertainment, forty, children taking ,part therein,, which consisted of recitations, songs, dialogues and speeches, and to help pass the evening in enjoyment Captain Daniel . Bull, with the brass band,was m attendance, discoursing sweet musicWhenever called upon. " a r: M - -- Harriet Welch. " Yes, those days were" roniahtic enough , for the most imaginative ' and yet r the happiness was v positively real. x Income ""respects feldh'ood is fairy Jand and in a certain sense it is ..to the ideal mind like the land of enchantment.' Beautiful in the distance as we glance far back over the blueand gold hilltops of memory; Sweet memory, that brings us by night and byday, visions of the friends and scenes of other days. . How, gladly we weave themiinta the grey and sombre . present in our after life,Twith its multifold duties, its cares and its wearisome burdens. , When we have waded through a1 deep river and are securely landed, we can look back and contemplate its magnificent beauties, but while we were exerting all our powers to combat the difficulties in our course to stem the streani, a swift, flowing current, or perhaps inx some parts a raging torrent; we could not see the beauty, the grandeur jot the waters, but when(we are landed on the shore secure from danger, we look with 4 . . t U- safely hat had no bottom.i; This was gipsying with a vengeance. Moral: Never: ven tu to beyond what reason1 an d good judgmerit dictate for the sake of frolic' and ffun'and!a."iolrv zood timei'i . iRemehlberais- crotion is. the better part of vvalorj and keep. the dicta-- : Tpropensity for immance always under-ltli- e !iion pf sound cSmniou sense. If .werwould always observe this' many seridus perplexities might be avoided, Many apUriBiiiasd 3Toun'g girl has f made a fear f u record by iridu lging in the excessive and uncontrolled love of romance; and the denouement. has often.4 been, more thrilling and : ternA tion al tlian tli o jxmti i JnagjoaUvi rtlth eir r ; 1 , s j'outhfut iniiJulsivenessautidnatedl'Our strong- est and wildest passions beautiiy our life,but they quire skill Jn; their management and the discipline and restraint, which is only tx be obtained by: carefully contrasting them with the stern r roalisinrof experiences eery ; ; i !'v:':" ; . . . Aunt Km. ! " - It is somewhat noticable how h'ttle prominence is given to womankind in- - theyhirtoriral narrative of tho Book of Mormon and unfortu- frenately when mention is made of her it too miifor-tunes.'sins her and of out man's quently- grows all the descendants of Lehi and Safiah, two women are mentioned by naraeji oue, but Abesh, a converted waiting woman to a queen of theLamanites; the other, lsaleT, a harlot of the land of 8irou5Whose meritricious rliarms deducwork ed Coreanton; the son of Alma, from the v oramites. of the ministry among few individual characAlthousrh w ftv ters iftandmg out in relief frbm the historical fetckground, yet from many Incidental references as the slory of the Nephites is told, We are led to the conclusion that women amongst that greater degree of liberty, poople enjoyed more wielded a r and powerful influence than they did, auiongst contemporary Gentile nations on thv nnrfnrn lioinr1trirrrtOrttTTrT'tr"l'lrt..l;lQ ..-..- . ' ' J J J this deem We or Greece. mainly attributable to two causes, first, the Israelitish origin of the race; and again the power and grace with which the principles of the gospel w ere preached by a uum- Jong succession 01 propnets, wno nmiom . or seea to the JNepiu. terruptedly ministered ' Tltat this latter cause had much to do with i "r:: iruuutu n iiiuijn rAa is eviilent. for we find from the historical . collections perhaps even more. ; We forget in general the unpleasant things, and remember only its sweetnesses aud its joys. We scent the new mowu hay, aud we ignore the dust, the fatigue of the hot sunimer weather. The blue- -' bells and daisies "Were there, we plucked them and carried them off as a trophy, but wo remember not that the bees, the wasps, the hornets and alas! even the snakes sometimes daunted us when we were Wont to recline upon the grassy knolls among the precious flowers and sj) rubbery. O, yes, we went gipsying in our young dai s or ntittinfr and hrrviia, atiicrmg autumn sor leave?, and forth "and sooni which amounts to the same thing A merrj' crowd we were, with ; Of . ''; fullunchJbaskefs ijmuK or hillsides, eh jtKcr wugH pastures gaily old rail fenctw, on the quaint ing pitrway C -- -- 1 , ch be- -; V decking ourselves with lloral trea$ures,'singiug in the jnerrjet trains snatches of songs and of rhymes, and queuing It gipsies themselves, witli never feeen, enjoyed whom we had read but as keen a relish bright suu- - i ith':'''!!-- kept .witliin ..proper shiheSometimestve' ; bounds, but occasionally we 4grewfec4tleaswitli the spirit oflimpetuousriess, to which youth is romance, wnicli Mr prone, and gave looe rein to us into difflculty, and had not some kind guardian of youthT and innocence watched over uh, we might have been boset.with. direful danger. On one occasion,. I: do remember me, there was a giddy crowd of country village ma idens, among u., and one solitary city girl, quite a belle to Baston breathe the from come had up" who mead-in : the fresh smell the to hay country air, hew milk drink .to tosied about, owsas itrwas bread famed in New and eat the coare&-browhealth restoring qualities. Wo England for jts were bent upwb&ving'& good time,?f and had wandered. far; over, the fields and into 'strange pastures, wlen we came upon: a small lake, or, as we would term it, a pond,where upon tliel)auk was moored a little ; skiff, or s mall canoe, wi th oars alongside. .Tlic city girl; whose word was law with usf and (Whose ignoran0e fax exceeded, oursln3 all practical matters, prpixjsed ve. yen-ture out in 0ie old boat smd gU.drafcr-Mlicsvery innd knbwledge of to wing was out brothers to trust wThd tjccrraccustomed as d we but of the pastime, with this part -, underus of Four to make the attempt.' took to row but "ere.:" long we found he boat;. leaked and was fast filling with water, and m our desperation we commenced to dip it out . gay with our leghorn hats. We pulled oil the and our y in pockets, ribbons, cramming them fear as possible; Jjut baled out the water as fast we for-- ; was depicted On every countenance, andour dieo- Anel all else except, cot thewatr-Uliour wayward recklessness for fun and j r'1 Sober and thoughtful, we tried td steer ; the SUn . for shore, and tremblingly we watchedbe able to if we should But fortunately ere nightfall.' j . . , fn fmm hnrn. I tilt; naa not we S us. s""0 ,A for - wfckrv and laini, irvmuuu& r J: C foot drinnrnff- W61, ivw'we- - Saiiea away . - wehMT1 looWnff crowd we were, and;; . :,MmWinffouUe left inepo?r uju anu un- -, wild through Dramme 1 sceTdaring to think of the danger we And though we had not Lord it was then that tribulation and oppression came upon their wives and daughters, and; they suffered from the iniquities of their husbands aud the savage fury of tlieii enemies. With regard to the first named cause i t is generally admitted that the Hebrew women of antiquity enjoyed greater liberty and possessed more privileges than did those of the surrounding nations of thasainc epoeh. Jjet the Bible and the history of contemporary nation' he compared and nii , tho difference is evident. J The Nef4iites lived ina dispnsation varying of the Latter-dayThey considerably from observed the law of Moses, to which was added the higher code of the Gospel. Our readers ofknow how well both these protect itherighte; Wothe marriage man, and how sacredly they guard sacred bond, of covenant; infidelity ' to that4 the man,or union being regarded, whether 4n the woman, as a most heinous -offence, and worthy of the severest penalties, uh k i. -- J tht . 1 .ST1 s s. " ; SSrSSiS 7 . s . " MA 1 ; A NErHITES. WOMAN AMONGST TH E deter--mine- WHEN WE WENT GIPSYING.1? a.were spokeiiofiiiti' un til Hi we said there was a place in the pond -- PRIMARY ASSOCIATTDNSr to-da- - ; Balance on hand including house and granary, hnokscashlur interest $780.30; making. gain mm-- . trvo ua?p, in Iweltre'years w ,sxo. bushels of Wheat lentout, according to "counsel,; to bur brethren, to be paid back after harvest. -- admiration atlhe billowy foamand tlieripplihg wavelets, and mark how beautiful the sunshine plays and shivers upon its surface. There are points of sublimi ty in life that appal . us in contemplation, that exhaust all our ener- in igies i the struggle for victory; but when we have passed the ordeal, we wonder how it so en- - Tironed and confused us that we realised not the :3 grandeur of the awful moment The full ridi- rness and pathos, and, the more just, appreciation , of moments full of: a wondrous fascination come V to us in ouf afternoon of life and throw over all, even the severest struggles, a halo of splendor, - as the reflection of the setting sun clothes with a .'graceful violet and purple radiance the eastern heavens.when it approaches the glorious : earth, - and mingles as it werein one dreamy, mantling ' cloud of gentle beauty. Thus does tlie effulgence of our riper years cast its shadow backward and up with a beauty almost divine, the earlier , flight ' years, coloring them witirrr ruby tint,, causing . them to resemble in the fanciful picture, tlie fields of Paradise. Elysian Music loud and even discordant is mellowed by distance. The cliime of clamorous bells a long way otf are sqftened to the ear. So child-lif- e touched up by the -- Jong interval of time grows quite resplendant and sparkles like o!dr wine, and refreshes our maids as we recall its re--' -- vf Hyrum T&tet&nfafyr 1 ,At the commencement of thaNephito nationol life, when they were few incumbers, they seem for a time: to nave nnxu febcial vices of. Uieriow degenerate . nXlefronl whom the! Lord hadparated and them.' They committed great immoralitieswith- --purposes tookwives forutterly unworthy? their eyes;, and the Lord before Stor taken them, ;theyr frequently of neglected - them, until theiif suflermg Eternal the before cries cameup ven forbade any man among them from i . "" : a&IhSiS Od if I wilVsaith the Lordof Hortv WW : unto me, I 'will command my to these things' rX his the opinion was, afterwards removed d the toresow. tofn"f evident from the later .nation life, . Sltei.. that in a better era of sanctioned by tnaww indeed, by the -ihem, and that, an As example, we devoted SmonVt :"toTtot4Amul.thq 