The Eights of the Woiner of Zion, and1 the Eights 'of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 8, ; - - : . SALT LAKE CITY,UTAHf JANUAKY, 15, 1S80. ,h - For the ExrOJ?St - - Ob, bravo la the soul that ne'er f eeleth a fear, On a nig ht.In midwinter, so dhmal and drear,, Thea the Wlcrd, fhostlr winds tor maddunintf rout f I Tbey speak to my ear with thousands of tongues ' They tell of fierce passions and bitterest wrongs; Xnd.sorrow and superior burden tbllr breath; " And the wearisome tale ends forever In Death. ' ' Ji.lL.' Jam n'n 1 . Tll. Jt-ajio iwauiau JI'lTu suit, uiuu witu ucojjuuxI. . Who gnashes his' teeth and tears out his wild hair, ear, They howl in the tlcrlnkinjr and shndderlnr ' Dark tales of destrnctlon, loodcurdllnff to hear. . t - f- : , , From their deep and unsearchable carerns are oat. ; Af-- , , ... ' Attl rt f tAe4 ft t11AA lit A A 9 Vl j n I If A ft tho: art of conversation, and , moro careful fs" often really one of the. greatest lqvers in consideration of j how we talk and wHat we talk; of. It is iny opinion that", great good accpmplishing.an object. Something ought could to be dope to correct the evils in conversa-- effected by simple conversation, if we were as .earnest and thoughtful aa wo tloh (if it deaeryes the name)- Effervescent migrii, be, whenever , a'n! opportunity pre talk and "froth' is prevalent, which, if sim8ented Itself for doing good, or making an mered, down, would 'not Icontain". one' real idea on any subject whatever,- - .There, Is so impression in the 'right direction n We are too frivolous and .careless and 1 e X (He op- -. much to be learned that wIU, make bur lives seed for porturiities sowing", good, Jongerbetieiuand .more , useful, ihnt tends T pa'sa by,: and sqw only tares iiktb good ground where is . .dIrecUy3pwardsihumah..progre the best and choicest plants might grow, if a great pity women could not become cpn "not a littlo good seed were sown, yr We are verted to the ; idea of ihtelligeqt fcpnversa-tlor Not . only , for the great good -- fit all aiiprgnized.aiikesome are inucH, harder should this mo'de of conversation' be4, tocpnyince i thaa pthersAof truths, which) to ciear as jiodnday eVeryVwpmah t the- susceptible .heart, nfp without reasoning or demonstration!. But herself and strong j hens 'her' own improves to those who jave had mficjoiperlence in powers of ,inlnd .andfhought ty giving ex.. f. the yiclssitudes ot life ie; would o,wn ideas on any subpressibu to herfVery ' forth, from tho atorphousef your mind the ject worthy. 'of thoughtfulness, ' IV;i's. by :. rich :;treasjres jgaineol searching for, the; thu. deyloIng j oriels Ideas, (Jiat'iiipy'are are of the .Vjpearl "able to do the, highest" good in.,' the noblest gems great pricejV many ' .that unite. to alceT,thev crownf an manner, that of ;'ministerlng In the homes , culled with, hard labor, an4polie'dyith oi ine lowiy, 10 wnom iney.owe auiies.m a , sacred character.," Wo have heard the' reingenuity and skill, have doubl'lesacoat the . iias au4 sleepless mark," anything but A Woman' withra ; possessormanyweary slmL. must Is true that a)l butJs.'ilt nbt woman's work' to instill pursue nights. fj it He! rhfnds. of hiidrerin .their earliest . , lar channelsr )mustj experience the; v " it is necessary each" 06," should learn- for years thoseV prlnclpl es wh Ich wtti teach the.m a reverence for goodness" arid truth? herself, yet iilusUaUons. ofVexamplesi are 1 Is it no woman's jnission to minister' kindr always in order to flx Wore VflrmlyJ ;mind;.the great truthsjenunciateb!. n77 ness,.to( bless arid 'console?, 'And r.who, if "been is are to lay ,needles to, vsay' our lives tiave 1; It not; women through-thechildren,' ' ill JJ.'i too dark and thorny andnbw!thit we have V'V. Droaa anu ueep ine very iounuaiions .wnicn thb shadarid from "will emerged tangled copsd ultimately bring about peace on earth. ' ban"will fore ver ows that environed 'us, we A great author (a. man, too), speaking of . ish the subject; oh, no. woman,' has said:' "The manners of men, ::the hearts of men, iheHves'ofmenare In Soma truths are not by reason to be tried, guide. sure for have her Dut.we handsi1.' Then what manner of women J experience ojp ought we to be, who have such heavy reThen, let us give to others similarly situsponsibilities tb carry ? Dillgbrit,; faithful, ated as far as possible i the benefit of that helpful, cferitle. cabablo of tho lnftipst .nnd experience, u In these perilous places did most sublime sejcbntrol, ahd T full of that we not havO to lean entirely upon the Lord, awuut ciiarii-- .wmca auorns au omer graces and plead with Him for gracetand, strength with' a diylne radian ceV ;v to pass through the narrow way and avoid the snares and besetmenta I And I3 we have escaped with only a few , bruises,' and -s- ore with the struggle Lfor; viqtoryi from NOTES; AND NEWS some terrible trial, let us rejoice and stimu-- i latebthers with thatiheroism that will in w adiJ HainDtbn Jr. is deadr splroc them with faithjto endure the i fiery ordeals : that refine t and purify the human iMns. Myra Clark Gaines has Just lost bv VJioU'i'iU f J ui .j;i;iv;J yiodlp )o ideath her only' child; a daughter.- - . i There is a It 'be and to work done, great itB highest number of ybtes received , is highitlme we set about it; iandUtiis.; not i sufficient that we; attend ourmoetings and 3by ,any cahdi(iatQ 'on the London School Board was' by.MI'ss Muller. in Lambeth try to i cultivate rourseLvesv: there, Jufci the work? must be eonstaUt, , The fooryersatlon t ol tne nome and Jn tnepasual t nieung oi Mils'.'f James, the widow of P: 71. ! friends should bo ofl a ;quality; calculated to : 'tho novelist, is living at James, enlighten and mutually benefit each other. now a woman of eighty years, is bne wis. vEven &. few earnest; women7, can accomplish and Is cared for' by her Botis.'-- ' i muchdn thiidireotion,K4heir hearttr;l3 In . eotincr of itha rthe; matter; b, la- it not absurdf to' see; women t t The eleventh .annual - endowed witbIntelligenceanci-glfte- d; witk r rMassachusetts Woman Suffracre. Association J wisdom' and judgments waitin precious t will be .held iqj.Wesleyan: Hall, Brpmfleld .' time in saying 'pretty things merely, to 6e . i8treot,. Boston, beginning-o- n "Wednesday : pleasing when there l4jjo .much to)Qi said , evening at Ji:oJcocs9 lhp.i28th;,inst.,:and - continuing on Thursday afternoon at .ybnlmfbrtant subjects that require dlscusl" sionf ''v-TfrrTi o'clock. and, evening at 7 J o'cleck. ThursvT;outsernibui 10 'reached at morning oclbck,wIll dovotod bo day TMby 1 , ,, .. . side, the pulpit, and" great truths may be ..tobusiness,- it ,;.;," --'explaingdan d lofty sentiments exp ressedV in ,4 The Suffrage clubs throughout the State such a genuine and effective manner: &s to have done excellent work, and from each of f convince almost; Firethese a - report of work and of plans is cor ( against one's , wjlhi aida preaching where the. freest expressipn i dially invited. 4-- .WINTER; WINDS.. ;, ; , . . ; , L-- , ! . - : n. . , " en-cqurag- , Or 'distress guns at sea, scarcely heard through the roar : Of furious. breakers that tush off the- shore, Ever shattered and ta angled upon" the sharp edge Of bold cruel rocks rising Jedge oreriedge. - - f - ; They echo the thunder of. battle's fell strife,;-Where fojaaen ftre marshalled and murder terifjej-JTtw- rn . hoarse, tones to the forsaken to die;' children Ot poor, lonely Thn change their . 5: f erf . 1 ! : . , " '. m - u ea - , - : gna! . t . s ng ; : ' Bewail their dead mother, who hears them no more They tell then of wanderers hopelessly lost, ' am nasriin ani rniTrarair. noTnnn nnn rrai. ir ' 1 Qroirn Voiceless from shouting, still fighting for breath, Tbev yield them at last to the cold armi of deaths ; i j cities the voice of despair 'from i Like smoke surges up name-pauii, tnrougn air, ' red-burni- mls-8l6n;- ,lt -- ng ;.'V"i ' - g ! . soul-pierci- . say,-fbrin- The last gurgling cry of the seamen so brare, Engulfed ixf the maw of. the pitiless warei Themoana of pate pjothers convulsed ..to the soul, Because o'er tbelrloved ones the'blacik billows roll nt thft rfrlnir. bTfaettriimDledc?er. ; ' : Of victors 'exalting In slaughtering poirer. j : :. , Sweeps thousands of homes from the facet of. the land, t Theh of storm-beat- en forests, where, through :th wild r -- ' . i f : i i '; i night, ; Mad horses and master, souHtralnlng 'In flight, wolves,' with their ravenous c.ry By buQger-ploche- d 1' 1 Puraued, and t hey know If overtaken they die.5 - : - . . : They sbiek like lost spirits, tor crime doomed to' roam ' ' The wide wintry world without shelterValonc; ' : ; Bereft of, all hope, still wlth kifohtted cries rise. nevermore whtoh set Lament their may past, i;'1L .But croeJestt bitttreatiest The algb of their all ' mere empty word i'Ai ' Upon a man's promisewnicn scarco witn a cippie nisjnemory ourru.j v. ... .;. ' All gilded and etniUoff ho walks in tho light, ;. hsirt-weary While orushed and the hldea la the night, ; Till seeing no hope and no rest save the grave, ; Her breath and her babe's, bubble up through the' wave - ' 2 . ... a. : i- The winds jiow rtjolce that! bear4 them irlfMT And their shrill, eerie laughter e'en terr iflcs nlht;' ' I '". . , ;Tby clutch V.Xlie-iliHeispe- dfiir at mi window with skeleton hands,' oe fbedesolaU tottfi;-1- u Oh, wild, wallingwlndal . ' I cannot cry, Peacet (j ' On, desolate winds! sUII your saa story tell, ' 1 , y ,f-- ' ; . , 1 '' ;. ) - " ; Though it strike ba the heart like a 'tenet! bell. If i Eau-CIalr- e, . v .;' ':.:. -- ;,:.-,:: - ."'-.1- J ir- - eJ eW';' "':,':;. hs-i- rf , ' , NTELLIGENf COKVJJBSATION. 1 ' ': are more eloqtyml than women to Bih4jnieaare 'vbre. tvweyftl to jeftuada., y I : Men .' ; .til. ;J omr-t;lr,.i- ? wUhrjo.A Sj??1- - : satldn which ' it might bo wiso tior Womien t6'lisctis3 this day; arid; ago of : the world ttl UU1UO Ujr iUv7 UiCSiUO)-- a IUCU WtUiC intimate association' withj frie hds, i In the clrofd '"known fea 8ocIety"" or among overt a . promlscnoua assemoiy oi;peopie. In :T , ft -- " -- VJWi::fai--oio!.1horoagh'iciUttYaU. , oa k . T : ed, bui-'fndiyidually- 1 . - ? " . V 