WOMAN'S EXPONENT. It is your duty to know his views hear children. fcpend less time m Kf sound conversation. JJe in more tin ind in wise your choice, of a in"your actions, mo sc. and aud come in all its. bearings, s'-- K ' I. A. AND PlllilAlvY REPORTS. L. Y. ' " ' 31. The Relief Society of Sanpete Stake held their annual Conference at Mt Pleasant A ug. 15th, 1880. The usual' opening serviced were ' after which the rcports.were read: the condensed reports stated that in this stake there were 224 teachers; 1721 members- 2011 total officers and members; 101 meetings held; attendance 109 copies of the Woman's, ' ,.: Exrox'ENT take.fi, -- rtv The Financial report states that since the Sociities inJSGS they organization have received $74, 973. 67 in cash and property; and 2. U4.) bushels of wheat, most of the wheat is loaned to the brethren, disbursements to the 348 22; emigration $2J-poor amounts to $58. 918 19; Solo )2; GO; temple,books 844. 40; missionaries 8379.15; building And have on hand ,S!)7. 79; total $3Tl!, 34. 12L 74; in cash; property 813. 3J)2. 59. The Conference passed off pleasantly, and almost every one who addressed the audience made appreciative mention of the refreshing visit the stake had enjoyed just previous to Conference, from our much beloved sisters E. R. S. Smith and E. B. Wells, who truly added now warmth and glow to the, flame of zeal and energy which inspires the hearts of the sisters in atbig to forward the graim prindp God. Much excellent and appropriate instrue-- " tu.n was given bv those who spoke .esjeeiallv Pivsi'.feiit'M. A. "P. Hyde1 and Counselors wlw ar ever blessed with a rich flow of the .Spirit of (J ,.1. They urged the sisters to le energetic in Al--- i niantimr mulberiT trees and raising'silk. training of their third Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies of Parowaii Stake of Zion was held at Paragoonah, August 29th, 1880. The" officers of the Stake, Presidents of the several branches of Relief Societies, Y. L. M. 1., and The Primary Associations were present also Pres. Lunt, Bishops Erastus Mc Intyre, John E. Dalley and Win. C. Mitchell, 'Elders Wm. Marsden and Thomas Durham, with others of priesthood. Pres. Eellen W. Lunt, presiding. After the usual exercises, and minutes of previous Conference were read and accepted, the Statis- tieal and Financial reports of the Stake Relief Societies were read for the half year, also the As- reports from the Y. L. M. 1., and Primary Mciation. All the reports both verbal and ritU'ii showed each respective society in us pro-peru- Many excellent were given by the sisters who spoke. Hie current of their remarks was on the resting upon mothers, f children, evil influences abroad in the land, home manufactures, plural" lharrage, and the 'Hieaey of prayer. All realizing that we were Higagei in a work that would take us back "Ho tlK- Presence of our heavenly Father if we erf faithful to the enu In the' afternoon the the-trainin- g - -- ' 7 , l A - 1. V U., i -- v J i , u .ruuui i:uuu Have aiSO esiliuiism-mhirT nf tlii rhiU ttiip i i Incviwt r?CllOOl HtlC, nirnun ':r ail t)OtJL -- i (1 - dren in the Gospel of life and salvation, a.s y,e Christian k imw thatthe-JMuiCl- US be vorIfi's false traditions must guarded apipt," wniiM turned airaiiist ho iniiitb iu ir the true Gospel. We hope, by the help of the Almighty, that we maybe able to keep the unt'il a way can be opened young minds pure .to .rather home among the Saints of God in Vt,ofdTpv-(fi6TKirdf out of wickel Baby- - Ion. We' are very Tew in number, but still we to otvrowit Uoly relido our best to live Zion as soon as possible. to gion, and gather up There are quite a number of Saints going home bv this mail, which will make our number still less; .but I hope to see the day when we shall all' be. able to gather up to the land of God's choice. May we w ho are here put on the whole armor of righteousness, and battle desire, and to bravely to overcome, all impurethe- earth, that ctablrdi a reign of penee on are in we may receive all the blessings there .tore for all the faithful. My whole desire is covenants to keep true and faithful to the work which I have made with God, and to the God to in which wc are engaged; and I pray ble all his children in the earth, from the of highest to the lowest,it is the fervent prayer Coveand Everlasting your Sister inthoKew nant, " Annie Norfolk. EXCURSION TO SALT LAKE. Relief Society of On Tuesday Aug. 10th, the on a Third Ward of Ogden City, went the 200 peo! easure trip to Lala- Shore. About a few hi-including ple of both old and yoimj?, and (miselor IV.shop 1 ruests, our worthy ward all - Y rr .1.. un irm Woman's Convention: Tiie ladies' of ey ..ii .... t . spche, proton. willsu.l m Inland J,t obUin the I n f-- i ? r,T,..w ' C iu. he' n taught tnat uicy utiu the help of Cod wc will carry it throng-Prafor us, sisters in Zion, for wo need your may the I,ord bless us faith and prayer undertakings, that we may bp able in all ay carry them through, and by the help of God we will. to enjoy many such occasions. on "Curiosity , pas over 1 comment of which "The Word of Wisdom," the neglect people. i ir creaMn very fasUimong our young moth-cr- and we to prevent it? Fathers How amset a good let hot drinks alone, v believe our Heaven I ple yourselves, or I will be grieved, for He will not u put them alwavs bear'with his children. Let tVom'us as , a thing to ...be shunned and despised, WIlVs l'IV(l r.nnlv wl ............. ... es nee allv Dv our young ure that I am able to bear my humble testimony to this work, and I thank our Heavenly Father that He has given me a knowledge for myself, that I know it to be the work of God. I am also very happy to think we can keep up to our sisters in Zion as far an possible, and by . of Editor Exponent: In perusing n eopy wander your most valuable paper, my thoughts the first far and wide. In Julv loth number was "Life Incmenis piece that mv eve caught of the earlv days of the Church, which caused Samts mv heart to ssvell with emotion for the that offered in those days and triumphed over memoall in serving the Lord. We love their earth to a better realm. ry, though none from Next was "Pleasure Excursion to BUie.k Lock Bless them! f r"the P"ed fathers and mothers. faces' beaming, Methinks'lca.n see their aged rs mana-ethe to thanks with iov and heart felt live for their comfort and pleasure; May they tl is with feelings of pleas- y " .July zv, KoFFoiiD.-Sec'y- "ii NE .NsON childr- thir manners,promiscs and talkthat.they might to preserve their full confidence and be enabled the instill into their minds the principles of Gospel, and not let them grow up in infidelity. Several of the brethren spoke approvingly of the proceedings of the Conference. Singing. adConference Benediction by J. Frautzen. journed until November 15th 1880. . condition. zz:r:T:r.-r7- Dear Editor: It . CORRESPONDENCE. Told them to be very careful in the examples they set before them, to be exemplary in the - P M.vf:i-- .piiAHo, Jm. cc y. Cedar City, Iron Co., Sept. 4th, 1780. J en. Piiidelia - Ma rsden . Johnson, Papanuj, Canterbury, N. Z., June 10, 1880. An interesting letter addressed to Pres. If. Lunt was also read from Pres. Jesse X Smith of Arizona. President Henry Lunt said these meetings were like a feast of good things, the principles advanced were what would save the human family if they would put them in practice, remarked that this was the first Conference of any kind held in Paragoonah. Felt that there was a bright future for us. The presence of so many was a witness that we were striving to live our religion. Closed his remarks by blessing the congregation. Pres E. W. Lunt spoke in favor of tiic Woman's Ex ton i:nt, and recommended every sister to take a "ry. Conference, was adjourned for three months to be held in Parowan. Choir sang the anthem "0 Benediction by Elder Wm. prai-- e the Lord." es C. n, ; marked attention. 3 upon mothers in the J. July 19th, 1877, which was listened to with f jug day-brea- sport-iveTreercatio- President Brigham Young departed hence, thought it would be very appropriate to read his last discourse to the Relief Societies of Weber County, delivered in the Ogden Tabernacle of-"Relie- home-industri- k, Salute of six guns at twenty-fou- r at sunrise. At ten o'clock all repaired to the schoolhouse. Singing, "Hail, all Hail the Twenty-Fourth.- " Prayer by Chaplain W. D. Johnson, Sen. Speech by the orator of the day, Nephi Johnson. Select readings by the brethren and sisters, also toasts civen. Sing' At twelve ing from the 'Mountain Warbkr o'clock all repaired to the residence of W. D. Johnson and partook of a bountiful picnic. The remainder of the day was spent in "and all went merry as a marriage hell," ami all the people were well pleased with the day's exercises in memory of the Pioneers May the Lord bless them all. to-da- - of July in 'this little place. Twenty-Fourt- h to bless those who were called to preside,' with his spirit. Pres. E. W: Lunt remarked that it since our beloved was exactly three years y offered, of how we spent the give a short account Sacrament was administered. A Primary Association was organized. Sally A. Olsen Pres. Eliza Hanks and. .Mary L, Robinson Counselors, and Mary L. Barton Sec. Bishop John E. Dalley of Parowan made some interesting remark?, advised the mothers to send their children to'the Primary meetings. Bish" op Erastus Me- Intyre said he never felt a bet: ter spirit in any meeting of the Latter-da- y Saints than was manifested in this Conference, referred to the first organizations of the Relief Society in Xauvoo 1842, and prayed the Lord - - - .63.: are t hope-lh- w.-iu-i- ;.li;irt, to Mihrp. and own her nghl, for ..and up mak- - man better, that both .x 1, K:,Lc equal in intelligence ami ifl dl u. and assist each otluT in dmng right, it, to v. .k mission they were placed here -.hne ,nd would exalt them to a higher whh-the future. greater honor. in to ut wnj try viHir, patience, I io not wish i of the iurgetting the poor On arriving at the rtieipating in the affair. creation ccm.mencl; hoim repaired riny to the Lake to bat e in lately Tr aged mother of t lie ve eran father, the and uthful - IZ "deinaS happy. ( g0ns he observer that After bathing, table, were 