WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the 14th day of September, inst., a demand and the that vou strike off the names aforesaid, on said on the women list, all ground of names were not entitjed to that they and each of them was demand said refused, and the that vote and a and said women, of large number of names are now in said list as not women named, other to was as it your duty do, and that lawful voters, now in - said list is your hands and under your ls n0 plain, speedy or adetnat there coniwh and for this alleged failure and law quate remedy at neglect of duty. Therefore, Wc do command you that immediately after the receipt of this writ, you do strike off and erase from said registration list of voters the names aforesaid, and the names of all other women listed as voters, or that you show cause before this court at the Federal Court Room thereof, in the Wasatch Building, Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, on Wednesday, September 29, 1880, at 7 o'clock p. m. of said day, why you have not done so; and you are further ; ordered not to return said registration of voters made by you, as aforesaid, or any part thereof, or any copy therefrom, to any election officer until the further order of this court. -- Witness the honorable Chief Justice and As- Justices of this Court aforesaid, this the 25th day of September, A. D. 1880. dftiiM A. Hunter, C. J., J. S Boreman, A. J.; P. H. Emerson, A. J. 'L.S. Attested by the Clerk and seal thereof hereunto affixed. E. T. Sprague; Clerk of Supreme Court of Utah Territory. sociate . HOME AFFAIRS. Favorable Decision: Judges disagree! Just as we go to press the decision is given in the case of the mandamus. The Supreme Court of the demurrer. Chief Justice Hunter and Associate Justice Emerson maintain the dignity of the law, and justice for the Territory sustain "Mormons." Judge Boreman gives a dissenting opinion. He goes out of office Gen. Maxwell has been outwitted again. w. The Coun ty- Convention composed of delegates -- from the several precincts in Salt Lake County, - -- WillbelbeHm the 2d instant at 2 p. m., for the purpose electing the 16 delegates, apportioned to this county, to the Territorial Convention. Reports from Bear Lake Utah, Weber and Salt Lake Conference of Relief Society, Y. L. M. I., and Primary Associations are crowded out to give place to important matters bearing upon the eubjectof the attempt to disfranchise the women of this Territory. We trust our readers will consider this a good and sufficient reason for delay in urday, of publishing. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp has just returned from a in the country. Her time has giving lectures upon physiological subjects and treating diseases both Surgical and Gynecological. She projtoses now to locate permanently in this city and open a class lor the more thorough instruction of woman in those professional visit been occupied in branches. We call attention to her advertfrment. On Tuesday evening, September 28, we receiv-th- e following dispatch,from Mrs. Belva A. Lock-woo- d, C, "Stand by your Washington, D. Allow no encroachment ljuns. upon your liberties. No mandamus here." Mrs. Lockwood is a brilliant lawyer and oratory and has won an honored name that will to posterity, fey to aid the cause of persevering in her efforts woman's emancipation and gaining admission as ft lawyer to the" Supreme Court of the United of go-dow- n States. Pr. Roman ia --;B, Tratt will commence her new class in obstetrics and continue during the . foil and winter, ;it will open on the 7 tU inst. Much valuable information of the human system can be obtained by attending these lectures, and we would suggest td the young married 69 . ladies, who can devote some portion of their time to the acquirement of useful knowledge to t attend the lectures given on a subject so intimateconnected with their health and happiness. ly See terms in advertisement. The "WATCHMAN! WHAT OF THE HOulr?" Liberal! In, every lexicon th$ word is defined "generous " "generosity;" ve and it means free, as the Heaven is free! Now, in Salt Lake City it has become a paradox, and a misnomer. Last night I was startled by reading in the Evening .lYclvs an article got up by eral" (save the mark) clique in our city to disfranchise the women of Utah! 'hat is tho matter? Where does the shoe pinch? ".want to know." For ten years these aid women have worn this badge of freedom, ven t! cm by the suggestion of Brigham Young, and endorsed mid signed by the then Governor" of tit;;1;; and wo ever respected and honored that gentleman for that liberal 'act, for in that act he gave us ,'An assurance of a Mannl" We, tho Women of Utah, blessed and thanked those two gentlemen, who, if you please, gave a full and complete definition Of the noble word Liberal! From that time to the present we have jointly cherished the boon, and honored it in every election, by voting for men who desired to tand, not only as benefactors to a small handful of people, but to the whole human family, of whatever caste or clime, as far as they had the privilege to do so; and a retrospective view will fyhow Conference is near at hand. On Wednesday next at ten o'clock A. M., the sixth iiist. the meeting will commence in the large Tabernacle. It is expected there will be a numerous attendance from the country. As this is the year of Jubilee, it is but natural that people will assemble from all parts, to partake of the spirit and blessings anticipated on such a momentous occasion. There are many reasons Saints should naturally look why the Latier-da- y forward to the coming Conference with a great degree of interest. The kingdom of Gcd is growing in strength and power and influence and Zion is lengthening her borders and strengthening her stakes, and calling out into the broad field of action more of her earnest laborers. We are indebted to the politeness of Mr. James Dwyer, the able, efficient and enterprising pioneer bookseller of this city, for a most exquisite bouquet of the choicest flowers of the reason, artistically arranged by the donor. Words are weak to express our genuine appreciation of these beautiful gifts of God, the flowers; and these lovely and sweet perfumed ones, coming so late in the season, and such rare specimens in them, selves, created quite a sensation, and roused the enthusiasm of all the family on the subject of flowers, their beauty, merits, expression e sentiments, thoughts and language. Thanks, Mr. Dwyer, and may yodr success as a florist equal your fondest anticipations, in beautifying your mountain home, which even now forms a great attraction for all who have an eye to the beauSemi-Annu- al , win tiful. ON Tuesday, September 28, Mr. Brigham H. Goddard and Miss Lulu Kelly, both of this city, were united in the holy bonds of matrimony. !lmramony- - was performed by Pres. D. H. Wells, at eleven (rclok a. nr. Mr. (.iocldard attained his majority on the game day two important events in the life of the youug man. The young couple looked charming on the occasion of the reception, which was held the same evening at the residence of the bridegroom's parents. The bride was exquisitely dressed in simple white organdie, with orange blossoms, and looked the picture of happiness. There were a great number of guests, and a large vadelicious repast of riety of choice presents. A to all, the tables, which good things was served seated forty people, were twice filled. We join with many old friends of the family in wishing these young people health, happiness and prostravel down the journey of perity. May they life side by side, partaking of the rich blessings of the new and everlasting covenant, and may their posterity be as numerous as their hearts be honored in all the desire, and their names earth. fl "LIBERAL" INDEED! is The attempt to take the franchise from usTo movement!' "Liberal" indeed a peculiarly having have suffrage taken from us, after ourwould be nroved ourselves loyal to its privileges, suffered not we Have cruelty in the extreme. from our enemies already? indignities enoughendured hardships enough to And have we not merit this blessing? Jane . , A QUESTION. S. Richards. f ; , ; other women of thfr Having, in common with franchise ftt enjoyed .the right, of no broken lawjby part and having which I- - would forfeit that privilege, I aaj feel I have a right to ng made to deprive nZ? Vw&ti? we have been tucccs-fu- l in the men to whom we havo given our suffrage; had they been men of another calibre, they would not have had our votes. How is it there has not been discovered in all these ten years, the flaw which is now exciting such a furore; with an attempt made to take away that which was honorably bestowed, and has been most wmen of Utah? honorably acted upon by tb We have always wcemed the Franchise as a and realize it has been a great boop to woman; to us. It has conferred a responfftw6 Dressing reflection and given digexcited sibility that has broadened the brain and lias nity to character; it expanded the heart of the recipients; and we have ever acknowledged the hand of God in inspiring the good men who gave it to us, to place His daughters in such positions as His designed, knowing that they would choose the good and reject the evil in such responsibilities, and having enjoyed it so long unmolested, wecannot hut marvel, why intelligent men, who profess to enact laws for intelligent people, should all at once allow their judgment to be hoodwinked and become so obtuse.: and so they can no longer se&AUht slrMgnM i and equity, and a "righteous judgment" even when the small aiFairH of women am- brought under then august fiat! Shall we say with one of old, "How are the mighty fallen and the weapons of war perished?" J I anna n T. King. -- PERTINENT QUESTION. I wish to express my indignation at tho move- ment now being madetodisfranchi.se the women of Utah, losing their argumtnts on the very weak plea that women do not pay taxes. Now, I claim that women do pay taxes with their husbands, as they are partners in the property which they hold; for if the man dies, the woman is called on to pay taxes oti" the property, the same as before. Now you see it is not the individual that is taxed, but the property, whether owned by man or woman. Another plea Is, that women are not citizens. If they are not citizens, what, in the. name of common sense, are they? Will some wise man, who knows moio about women, than women say know about themselves, explain? One will not do if tax? Well, they poll they do not pay on the road, they prepare tho go out to work onafMn thnp.fi who do. and by. that labor 5?i women pay their share of that tax. Have ndt build to up endured hardships labored hard and ior uicir mafce homes this Territory aud lies Their labors as citizens have been acknowland they gave them edged by our legislators,which privilege they the right of franchise, urn have enjoyed and honored lor whose title should an dppoSition is made by one witness the "cowardice of imnlv manhood-- but whom men profesri to the act-t- o attack women, .women are defend. This affidavit asserts that names of legal voters, demanding tfiattho of be struck ofTtho registration list 1 voter" I cannot tell you with what contpmgt oPPr- e- the- weak SiTtheyhave the might.- Shame on such .. . an ' American cit'rzen. . -- jvr. Wtn - M. ISABELLA 