WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Parents should saver do an act or utter a wdrd which they would be ashamed' id haye thelr childreivhear. As high as thehbavens were above the earth, so High were the' lhinga Vevealed to us eftmt anything the world could teach or knew anything about. The children should geek God, call Upon His name, having, clean hands aha pnre hearts, and in the name of i Godboromlaedlthem the Lord would ; hear .,heir prayers., By following this coutsej the.boys and girls would grow up to yrdlk aa fxee humble, virtuous and good meri 'and women in a world of a wicked : and perverse generation; ; He closed by asking the blessing of the A Lord to rest on all; The minutes of the meeting of the Primary Associations as a .Conference will be published in our next number H. M. W. P. . . Tooelu. Stake. , The Fifth Quarterly. Conference of the Relief Societies of Tooele Stake of Zion was held in the meeting house on the 13th and 14th of March, 1880. First, day,. the IresId0nt,Mrs M. A, Hunter, was detained at home, and her iarat Counselor,' MrW Elizabeth ::Qegg, presided over the meeting. Visitors from Salt Lake City, Sisters Eliza R. Snow, Zina D. Young and Elmina S. Taylor ; fElder-Tfiom- as Atkins, Counselor to President Lyman, was present, and Mrs. Jeanette De La Mare, President of Tooele Relief Society. The weather was very the attendance was not .so large as usual. After singing and prayer, the Secretary, read the minutes of the former Conference and reports from, the several branch societies. Mrs. De La filar e gave a verbal report of Tooele R. S., representing it in a good 'condition spiritually and temporally; Mrs. E. Clegg made some opening, remarks, and, expressed her pleasure In having th e sisters from Salt- Lake Mrs. E. S. Taylor addressed the City meeting, said manyoodiMngsjweH much upon the duties of mothers in training up their children and teaching; tHetfi the principles of honesty, integrity, virtue and truth)" haying always a tender cafe'over thenu ,Mrs,. Zipa D. Young .spoke, of the greajj responsibilities of mothers; and the neaessity of planting in the children, from the1 earlieit moment of their existencei the seeds of Intelligence. Referred to the Pris6cIatlop8 as a school for spiritual mary instruction, and. made many pleasing and excellent Temafks. Sister E. R. Snow spoke upon unity, confidence, the storing of grain and sericulture; alluded to the recent of the Silk Association,1 and uijgebt tno Wjple to take an (active interest In" this branch, of home manufacture,, and gave much, general instruction, calculated to, a waken;r0ne wed interest1 in : th e Gospel. Coun.';T. Atkins bore testimony to the good works of the,', sisters and th e necessity of union, faithfulness and diligence- ; The ,ae,fnopn;was de ivoted to the Primary Association and very, suggestive and appropriate-remarks were -- made by the sisters from;the city, and the chUdrejnjwere highly it with interested) ancTwill ever remember " i -- lon . : t , V ".: J.V V , pleasure. arA. JL Hunter ldaymotnjng;Pres. , rantsville. The Sunday School wai palled, minutes, read, convened,' when th& usualhessons'were dispensed witbj that the children might, be addressed by the .sisters, E. R. Snow, Z, D.- - Young and "Bf J3. Taylor, Who gave much good advice and' cbtihsel to the children and young peorived, from -- ple. Sunday afternoon: The Young Ladies river and take, skipping like a fairy, in; tho stillness of the midnight hquryiioftly, lest held their .'Conference, Mrs. Ann' Tate, Superintendent; presiding. Singing, .prayer, singing, n Minutes and reports were first in order,;and .the meeting was then addressed by the sistersyrwho gave much good counsel to the young ladies' in regard to choosing a companion for life; also in reference5 to keeping good company, attending meetings, and fulfilling every duty &ithfully. To bo obedient to thei counsel of those who pre sided over them, and listen to their teachings and the whisperings of the Holy Spirit. made a few remarks. Coun, James-UrWas much pleased to attend the Ladies' Conference; hoped the young staters would putinto practice the good teachings given them by the sisters, who had come in such Inclement weather from Salt Lake City to meet with them. After singing and prayer, Conference adjournod for three months. Saturday, the 20th of March, a very in. terestlng concert was given; in the Social Hall by the Primary Association of Tooele, under the Supervision of Rebecca Williams, and her Counselors. It consisted of songs; recitations and dialogues, prepared expressly for the occasion, and great praise is due the children for the pleasing way in which they rendered their parts. The time was well spent, to those who.-arinterested in the welfare of the rising generation. Ann Tate, Cor. Sec'y. - the spell should breaks On, ion mill ft scene bursts upon ; my . view, that it seems but yesterday, Iidlved thrd dOTO In happy innocencecludern6 among the rocky hills, n Air, whatiliaditrd here-t-he brown and dilspl? old home-old- j ated, shrubbery tangled and neglected, juad all around desolate? oMjsso the old homa as ;Ifc;wasy fresh and, brlghti mc thinks. I even hear tho glad . voices ringing, otttiii peals of merry . laughter, as tn thfti 6tden time" There is the: dear old housd among the trees. The lilacs are inlbloom, ! eeia to feel their periume; and low down among the grasses, the modest vloleta with their bright eyes are hiding, emblems of purity The roses are just budding and innocence Into beauty; and the humming bird's nest is swinging on a branch of- the. juniper, trea b the open window,and the soft white muslin curtain tied with the dainty blue ribbon sways gracefully with the gentle breeze. of early summer which whispers through the leaves of green and blends in aaweot.chor-u- s with the low murmnr of the; brooklet, 3 It glides through the drooping willows and - ' e their-President- . , soft grasse?. I only turn my head and, there'athe Id orchard out in full bloom; the air is heavy with the fragrance of ihe apple ihlosioms. . . what a picture! There are the overy tipon trees where we climbed ;and ; swung ' i like the Iarkf the gnarled limbs singing : hour. childhood's glad notes of Joy "in Every tree seems familiar, ;we cknow them all; they are like old r. friends, Ro closely are they linked .with the recollection of those,! with whom we played. under their shade in days gone by. iThe birds are singing now as they did then,and are flitting from bough to bough in their, meatless Joy t The meadows are just beyond, thick with cowslips and buttercupsji andwhat ha,ve vra here? a bevy of bloomings girls, f hunting cloverl what means, M the 1 ed Ah, jiow I xemember, Loyes me, Loves, ma :Oh,- - . Tooele, March 27, 1880. i . ; MIDNIGHT SOLILOQUY. ; I ain sitting alone in the : silence of the night I see not that which is around me, nor about me, neither do I peer out into the darkness to discern moon, or stars, or to Watchman t what of the hour?? My mind gosa backto the longago.7 Yea,baefc over the high mountains that encircle,, our i in-qu- its; beautiful valley, hemming us in from all the. rest of the world; over the broad, sandy five-leaf- -- plainiTTThlrtT i f old Mead 1 o , Susan, pale as a Jily syrlth flaxen pair, . . ii i.W. :;-- ,1J Louise, tall and stately, Sarah,t brQwnras,a gipsy, Catharine, majestic, amj ; queenly, Ruth, prim and precise, Franqes, coquettish and playful. Gratia, original and wftty Lucia, almost an , oracle, Irene, yr th liquid lustrous black eyes.thatonenever.an aypld, and last of all Jane, gooil natixred short and dumpy, the Esquire'a daughter, of whom ; we might' .weave , a fpretty little romance. But leaving: that .scene in the meadow, and the pretty girls in bright muslins and gay sashes, I turn now to the dim old woods. On. the other-sid-e, just . and ; the hill . pasture be. the orchard, past yes,' witli its honeyyond, the pasture, where we suckles, and freckled-lllle- s, gatheredthe sweet,Julcy blue berries once uion a timeVabd stained our Angers and ear white v?dimity:apron;'fibut ;to theiwods. Trees a century old andinorew Oak mapU, ail- the varieties ' ibuhd pib e; hemfock and hi' the forests of- - New England? Mosses . - , ; I am living oyer my life againto. night, in fancy, and I must make a pen sketch of the vision; a glimpse of the beautiful past. Over all elaejTtho sador the painful, I will carefully draw tbie heavy curtain of silence. ;. Yea,,! live, over my life in imagination, a8 'all bid people do. perhaps, with this difference; have:; never grown old in heart. e Tnerevjhairs' now thickly sprinkled with-tnbrownfv never cease to strike me with J -- ! wbepjl look in my; glassj as like, wise" does the treble in my VoIch whenover I attempt to sing; it used to ring out In a snrpTiso mellower cadence once; and when some dear friend,who has net saen me" for years, remarks In the most commonplace way, as thodgh it Werd a very pleasant topic; "dear me hpw grey yau have grown,".! stop, "and hesitate, confused and embarassed, as though It were an unwarrantable liberty ; that my friend had taken. 5 I cannot realize that youth has iled from me, not even when my grandchildren cluster round my knee. But stay I had gone a long, long, way, over hill and dale, br r ttrollfd, J ConpftDtODS ol 7 1'ooiM Whert i r noli?1 -- gpiHessUlsy-auinolitlhaaJaanL your future. I know you every one, black '.1; :' eyed and blue. traversed, fleeing like a fugitive from "our enemies," from those who mobbed and persecutedthe Saints of God; and on over the high, swelling rivers, and across, the pUcId.waters ot the bright, blue lakes, with their gay steamers,and proud stately sloops and schooners ; yes, far, far away Jo the scenes connected with days, whose glory has now departed, but where some of: the happy moments, whose fiecord is deeply engraven on my heart's tablets were pasbed. ar : o . .o-famii- - . . - 175 - - like velvet" carpets, thick and sbfL Her : nnnc the neighbors said, Who loired paitaras and rocks and trees and mosses better thatit sofas; or easy chairs, or soft carpets i prefei reel the7 songs of birds, tot pailor. music however proper. Was it under the hemlock boughs, or 'neath the hardy ol(J so and-who- r . '. , - 