Jong to the lower edge of the first band that Is placed around thetreasure casket, aud every time we pin on the Napkin we citch in this loop withlhe pin,it holds all to its place without any trouble for often the clothes by lifting are across the center of the body and the child cries.through discamfortjthenthe trotting process is resorted to and the consequence is frequently a protrusion, cf the navel or some other parts and after the eaci discovery is made a piece of lead U needed, or perchance a truss, and often, a physician is called and much temporary suffering follows if not an affliction for life. If we want strong minds we need healthy bodies. Then let us seek to be consistent with the laws of life and healthstudy these things carefully, and ;protect with a zealous care our, jewels. Our lives are made up of the daj's incidents, then let each day be fruitful with true lessons, diligently learned; this is one simple lesson gained by experience and if mothers would adopt its practice much annoyance, pain aEd euflering could be avoided, and the external remain complete. adorning of our jewel-casZina D. Young. - I shou'd hive dona ing their this several days ago but have been so unwell, I did not feel competent. The ladies of Beaver about 20,Jr number assembled, at a meeting for school purposes, to appoint trustees; with a view to give to our Schools a' new impetus (considering them at a low ebb) we resolved to appoint a lady trustee: one for certain, and two if allowable. We were opposed and defeated: the argument was, "no law for it, no law for. it." We argued the point. I remarked that to our certain knowledge there was a lady Superintendent, over Cache Co. schools: Our argument did not prevail and, we st once resolved to send a petition to our Legislature We organized a meeting appointed a chair man aud Cor. Secretary. Who accordingly. commenced wridna; to the different counties, sending, a copy of our petition and requesting the co operation of both males and females We have been very sucessful herein the priu. cipil gentlemen in the place hive sigaed the The Mormon brethren with petition. only oue or two exceptions,one very "knowing manf'; refused, expressing his vleson woman's rights,in this manner. "All the rights a woman nesds is the right to a good husbind.' Wonderful wisdom! another remarks after this manner,"If the right to hold office could be restricted to school- trustees, I would- - not object. e . Y. L. M. I A. A FEW GENERAL ITEMS. Condensing from Quarterly Reports, ne find that each and every Association, feels a worthy pride and interest, in its own and Sifeter Associations, and sincere love for the Church of Saints at large; and Jesu3 Christ of Latter-daa desire to improve, progress ana become a . united and solid band of laborers in the cause of truth and right,after the pattern afforded by their worthy and revered leaders. ' have been nearly Their general-xercUesimilar, consisting of prayer, 8inging,addresses; readings, recitations, (salect and original) poems, religious, historical biographieal,'and and other standard literature.- Their labors have been such as their locality admitted, some directing their attention to mulberry planting, or silk culture; some have labored as far as able.in the interest of grain, storing; others have made large donations to the Temple Fund, the Emigration und, or" cent means to bur Missionaries abroad. Many have ai led the poor ot their Wards, assbtedin building Ward Meeting Htuie3 or Relief Society Halls; paid tuition of orphan children, furnUhed Association libraries for themselves, subscribed for different Church papers and books; besides several of them editing: maun - y a script Association papers. A. J. j. C. CORRESPONDENCE. . Reaver. Jan. 2. TfiSO. Mrs. E.;B. Wells: Dea-- r Slater I have been requested We expect Urge returns from the several counties, so we shall tend a long ILt of names, and our delegate, promises to do all he can to help.us. We want Sister E R. Snow should sanction what we are doing, we firmly - We believe&he-wiJ- U wantfno party if dacided in in our favor the affair; eau spirit let it never ba sail that we d things for opposition, as political men do, we hope t be an example to all such men; peace on earth and good will to all is our mission here, Now Sister Wells I hope what we are doing will meet your mind, as also the" mluds of the other responsible sister j. The ladies assembled laet evening,! read to them what I had written to you, which they fully approved. A great number of names have alrea Jy besn obtained; it is oar united opinion that , with, few excep-- x t&n this entire County would sign the petitOur ion.,- could we have access to them metbo i has been to send young women to read the petition, and get signatures. I will mention one thing which stimulated us to act In this matter. Men teachers are employed and higher wages given them than would be given a woman,equaly well qualified, who smoke cigars and uso tobacco setting this example before the children. Do you believe a lady trustee would employ one of that typa? You would be astonished to see the rage there is for smoking boye! And I would among the mention the habit of drinking liquor, but it wounds' me to think upoo it; and I feel hopeful about a reformation, continually talked of and I try to believe it is not so bad as outward appearances indicate. Please ask Brother Wells to lend his influence, to this gory! wook. we assure him it is not for any Selfish motive'-o- r desire for popularity; b'i't a humble desire to do god, by taking measures to improve1 the rising generation. We have great faith in good men. We check every appearance of a vindictive spirit towards men who oppose us, and ridicule the idea of " women holding offices' they will change their views ere long, whsn they see wise women having avbice innablic aff4trj,and sbs hoiv matters flurish UP.Ser their administration. Patdon me for faying so much, the subject seemed to demand it. " half-grow- n A Sister writing to us from Beaver Jan. 2, ISSOi wishes us to publish what the ladie3 there have fesolved upon doing Vi..petitioning the present Legislature of Utah to p3S3some enactment making women eligible tto offlce'&c This letter we withheld having been advised to be quiet and publish the petitions as .they were presented in the Legislative Assembly. However.as so much has been said with regard to a few ladies in this city only wanting any change in the statutes and that said ladies were hankering for office and manyt other very disagaeeable things, we will publish items from the letter which have a direct bearing upon the question. "... - to the ExpoNENT,making known to its readers what we are trying to do in Beaver Co. or ask- -- ' With many good wishes for your.success helping on a brighter future, and asking yo ' prayers ? : ? f,:,:.,-- . , L.B.PBATT. A LITTLE GIRL'S LETTER. Wo publish a below "a letter dictated by little girl just previous to her death. ; Ifc was addressed to the children of the Primary; As-sociation of which she was a member. Tina Pearce died January 24, 1880. She was greatly beloved by all who were intimately associated with heraud muit have been a child of spiritual eEdowmeuts.. She endeared herself to; all who were intimately associated with her, and bet PresidentIn the Primary Association, Mrs Jo-phine R.? West, was conscious of her rare genius and great spiritual power. V v On the occasion of the Surprise Of the BtU mary Association to Sister E. R. Snow in Mrs. Jane S. Richards parlor in Ogden, Tina was present, and contributed her share to the entertainment. At the -- concert given by the young people in Ogden, Tina sang in a duet "Our Grandmother's Arm Chair," which; made ' ' ' f an impression upon ail preient The dear little girl died of diphtheria and suffered very greatly. " The day prevlouto ier death she asked if she might' wri te a litter to the Primary Association, but when the pen and i uk we re brough t she was top weak to wi i te,and her father wrote as she dictated, rWe tidft the children of the Primary V AssoqJations throughout the Territory; will be- - imprtaaed with the last words of $his dear cbiid,addresed to them, and that it may be a powerful, ineen live for good to the , little ones. iWe extend our heartfelt sympathies to the parents and friends ot the deceased, and trust they; will i remember that, "God knoweth best.'?. m "Dear Brothers and Sisters la about to leave you. :Till we meet in heaverr,bo faith- ful to the cause of Chr shall wa'c'a over you and be around ?you whlleyoii remain on the earth. I am: gblr to' sfhm next eong; in heaven. Obey your prestdieiit and council, and all good principles. 'I am going t ) a better place than this, 'aod"if you are faithful you shall come. Love J6ne.'another and try to help one another and, you cktil You.may.bring me soniB flVwers'jf youwih ?, ;.i-"s'Kv- d . ; - Mplrii 1 or come and see me! Good-bye- , uhtlj We- meet In heaven. I remain your affectionate sister In the Gospel of Christ. Tina Pearce., - " OBITUARIES. 1 4 f VMMWMM DiEDjat Goodwin's Rancbjdahoonoflami- -' tion on the lung3,Kary AdeiiaJfantaughter of John and Mary Adelia brAer.Born 'TSfitP iu 30th, 1879; died Jan. 41880" ,r'.';-.- ' ;,i f n,other wwt,angelWohiid'.-- V";.r?' " ' i , - , briffht companyr t. "J"", 'J.'00' whloli tbe Sa?lor foadJ gmilodi t Bayinsr. x , ' , . "Let them eotneto'meT ' ' : :-- ' .: i!uti :j,ttt , TiTc to write ! DiEi). In Ogden City 'Nov.-CO- , 187t);rLucyt Jane .Douglas' bornT daughter of Ralph-an- d November 1, 1867. ' Her'parent? are very Vnacli' grieved at the loss of this darling chid, but In atllctions like this there is no C3mfort' Bare - Ir theJLord, and the principles of our most; holy4 religion. We kndw that If wo 'are hltnfuf'wo' shall meet our darling Lucy agatnj where there is'no more pain of sorrow; ' "'::' ' .Hi5NBErtAJ)0UaLAS. 1 ; ; . .f ' Died suddenly, at .Caaarra, Kane Co., Feh 1, 18S0, a.fter a. three months IHnes3f IaqraeUe 