Wat nmr. .Mffi ' : ; The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the' Women of all Nations.; SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 1, 1SS0. Vol. 8.. A DEMONSTRATION OF ITORNE, PRESIDENT OF THE 14TII WARD RELIEF SOCIETY. WRITTEN RY REQUEST, IN BEHALF OF THE SISTERS OF THE SOCIETY. , f ; TO SISTER M, I, a s ... .... ;; - - The Qourteey of Cbrist, dilnelj trpe HenderM to all the honor Justly due; That all meant woman too we comprehend That Jesus was, and li a woman's friend; From Hn rebuke so brave, go wise, so true, Her vile traduce ra silently withdrew; Nor was He willing that a woman should Be f rown'd upon, for ''doing what he could." ' J? In these the latter-day- s there is reserved, Honor for woman, and 'tis well deserved, For women labor for most worthy ends, encour-agemen- Amid the sneers of foes, and so call'd friends, Upheld by consience; (their reward's ahead-Ri- ght Is their aim, no matter what is said; And they are inure determined, not deterr'd Where men would sink, without a cheering word. To help the weary, and revive the faint, Is worthy of the woman and the Saint, 'It 13 religion, pure and undcflled; To bless the widow and the orphan child," To clothe the naked, succor the distress'd : And comfort all by circumstance opprest; To lead the youog in wisdom's pleasant way, To turn them back who from the right may stray. Freedom and case to daily sac rlflce That others may a blessing realize. Think you though praise may be by man deferr'd, That no reward will be by heaven conferr'd? God sees such laborers, owns i heir work divine, And brighter than the stars their crowns shall shine. But woman should acknowledge woman's worth; Should give ber slaters credit here on earth; And all who labor for the public weal Should bo'appFov'd, lest tby "discouraged feel; Or man or woman who devote their days To doing good shall have their meed of praise, And hence we meet this afternoon to pay A tribute of respect (in woman's way) To one so well and favorably known, 'Tis hardly needed that her worth we own, And yet in justice 't!s but right we should Make some expression of our gratitude. Dauntless, yet'dimdent,'unmoved.by scorn, A constant helper such is Flster Home. Iler works will praise her, not alone in time. Eternity will show results sublime. A faithful mother in a twofold sense, Broad as her aims. Khali be her recompense: And God we know-wilfittingly repay, One who has never falter'd by the way. l Meantime dear president, dear sister too, We deem it proper to present to you rhls token of. esteem, that you may feel You r slate rs do appreciate you r zeal ; Though small the demonstration that we make, Accept it kindly for affection's sake. You wish from public duties to retire, We- meet with cordial protest ovr desire Is, that your presence and experience too fay yet assist us in our labors true; And to this end, your friends and sisters pray That God will give you strength for many a day-- S. L. City, Feb. 4th, A gold nilX WOODMIICSKE. our place and .nation." After so .many hundred years have passed d uring vhlch almost tho common rights of citizenship have been denied her someif bur broth." are afraid if we have many extra en privileges accorded us, we shall outstrip them in the race, and thus step out of our sphere instead of being better quallified for it. , No truo woman will seek for, or accept a right beyond what is right and proper. Give her freedom to exercise the ability God has given her,educate her on a Broader basis, and then let her have proper and she will understand better what her sphere is. Men are educated for hundreds of different spheres, (and who defines thein?)Said the Duke of Rutland, "Woman should be taught household duties and cookery." How can men expect to raise up an intelligent posterity from mothers who are taught oily to administer to the physical needs of their families? How can such women prove Intelligent companions and helpmeets to their husbands? I well remember attending a Lyceum in the winter of 1856,iu a Ward not far from Salt Lake City, the subject of discussion was, this, "Is a woman to bo Educated equally with man." The decision was given in the negative, the main argu ment being that as woman's dutiesconsisted chiefly in attending to household affairs and taking care of her family it was not necessary to educate her as thouroughly as man, his sphere of action being so much more enlarged. Should any one deliver himself of such a sentiment now, I think he would be waited upon by a delegation of ladies and enlightened upon the subject. "No telling where they will stop." Just so my brother, wo do not intend to stop! This is an age of progression, and with the blessing of God we hope to go on hand in hand with our; fathers and sons helping the weak, encouraging the 8 tppag, bringing about reform here and there, toning down some extremes, and correcting mistakes, thus helping to bring about the Millenium. We are proud JLq see that many of our brethren understand woman's motives in these movements and appreciate her efforts in helping to ennoble and exalt the sisters and lead them into a higher channel that they may the better understand their high aud holy mission as mothers to the sons and while some of our daughters uf God. sisters who have talent and ability are engaged In laboring for the common weal, and are directing their efforts for the general good of all womankimd, let each one in her own home, be that home ever so humble, try to make some reforms which will lead to the one great end, even as many little streams swell the broadest rivers. Hundreds of earnest, thinking women, whose voices may not be "heard in the land," are yet, watchingtthe progress of the woman's cause, inhaling the spirit of it, and adding their mite of influence to that of their sisters, although that "influenco may not extend further than the circle of their own littler neighborhood. How many in these bumble homes can date their looking up to a higher standard from the time of the organization of Woman's Societcies,and the issuing of tho M Woman'sh ; Exponent?" ) - v, 1880; watch and chain, AFRAID OF WOMAN'S COMPETITION. While conversing with a gentleman a short time since.the subject of the Woman's Disabilities bill was introduced. He said he was ery glad it did not become a law for said he there Is no telling where the women will stop if they do not get checked up,tbey will be running for President next. "If we give them an Inch they take an ell So then it Is not woman's Incapacity nor t, ? r. i Busticia --VernonFebuary 22,:18SQr:rrrtT7::TT " LEGISLATIVE PROCEEDINGS. er-m- v EMTLT the unfitness for the duties she might have to perform which debars her from certain offices, but, 'they, will come and take' away No. 19. The Legislature has adjourne'd, the forty days of continuous labor. for the public weal are over and the country members have returned to their homes and : lopal duties. It has been a very Interesting nejy members have brought into, the, house a Ireshness and intense interest that always accompanies new duties, while wise and able men who have sat year after year, give dignity and weight to the entire proceed-ings- . Altogether they have accomplished a large amount of legislative work which will no doubt add much to the welfare,hap-pine- ss and prosperity of tho people of the Territory. Alter sOmo discussion and opposition tho House passed the bill U. F. No, 1, "To remove the political disabilities of the women of Utah." It was taken froa the table on motion of Hon. W. B. Preston and road tho second time by sections: on motion of Hon. so-isio- J. it was the third time by its title and on motion of lion, A. ' ' B. Murdock reacV Mc-Kinn- on, passed. On motion of, Hon. Joel Grover the ayes and noes were called and counted. Ayesfessrs, Fisher, Francis, Qardner, HorntC Jaques, Johnson, Lyman, McKin non, Murdock, Penrose, Peterson, Preston, Snow, Thompson and the Speaker. Noes Dusenberry, Farr, Grover, Hatch, Pack, Peery, Sharp and Smith. The vo,tes stood 15 to 8, three members, Messrs. Winn and Snell, declined voting at all. The ladies should remember that the Hon. Orson Pratt asked the privilege of the House to vote upon the Woman's Bill, The till passed tho Council without a negative vote and in order that their names be remembered as associated with this subject we publish them that it may be recorded to their honor that they were anxious to remove every bar in the way of woman's advancement to political equality, with her '' brother men. Messrs.Smoot SmithfWells,E.Snow,Caine, Barton, Fotherlngham, Thur6ery Teasdale, Cluff, Harrington, Merrill. The bill was sent to Hl3 Excellency,1 the Governer, who treated it with silent contempt, as ho did a similar bill two year ago. If the ladies did not possess an abundant proportion of the true 'elements of Christlon chaiity they would certainly consign His Excellency to oblivion. As it is Car-ringto- n, ; they owe him no thanks for favors: ;' : -i ' nied, A i de- Iowa ha3 seven ladv GOOD EXAMPLE: Superintendents of schools, V The Duchess of Marlborough in a letter to theLordMayor.of London acknowledging 2, 000, says if tho charity, of the public continues no person fn Ireland need bo al. lowed to die for lack of food but the com. mittee must spend over 40, 000, per week . ..; for six weeks more, . . 