WOMAN'S EXP ONE NT. 44 We remained over night, aiid attended a fast meeting in the morning; after the business of the meeting receiving fast offerings and blessing children was concluded, the brethren put the meeting into the hands of the sisters, Mrs. Jane Bailey, President of the Relief Society, THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. 9I9fELIXE H. WELLS, Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy oue .year, S3. 00; one copy bx months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each sqnare, ' ten lines of nonpareil space, one semi-monthl- presiding. The next place, we visited was Mt. Pleasant, where we were joined by other sisters from Spring City, Mrs. Elizabeth Allred and Mrs. Annie Larson, Counselors to Sister M. A. Hyde in the Relief Society Stake organization, and other ladies. In Mt. Pleasant two Primary Associations were organized, one in the North and one in the South Ward; 289 members enrolled. The meeting house was well filled at both the Relief Society, and Primary Association meetings. From Mt. Pleasant we went to Fairviewrwhere three meetings were held, and on Sunday ing quite a company of brethren and sisters from Spring City, Mt. Pleasant and Fairview went over to Thistle Valley to hold meeting. The log meetinghouse was much too small, so the meeting convened, forenoon and afternoon, in the bowery outside. Theje was a considerable number of Lamanites, all nicely dressed, looking as happy as possible. After the singing and prayer, Bro. Spencer, who presides over the Saints in that locality, spoke to the Indians in their own language, explaining who the sisters were, who had come to visit them, and the nature of their mission among the oiganizations of women and children. After Bro. Spencer had spoken he introduced "Sister Eliza," and told the congregation she was the widow of the Prophet Joseph Smith, the man to whom the Gospel had first been revealed from heaven in this dispensation. This wakn.l in. them the most intense interest. Sister Eliza was deeply affected when she first commenced speaking, in : time, pet month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regnlar advertisers. Exponent OiHce, Lower West Room of the Council nonw, Srtftlh Temple Street. Business hours from 20 a. ra. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Womax's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. S3-50- SALT LAKE CITY, AUGUST 15, 1880. i VISIT TO SANPETE NOTES BY THE WAY. In company with Sisters Eliza R. Snow Smith and Zina D. Young, we left this city by the Utah Southern train Tuesday morning, Aug. 3, intending to make a tour through Sanpete and Juab counties. Arrived at Nephi just before noon, nnd found Bister Goldsbrough in waiting with a carriage, in which we were very soon seated atiti drove direct to her house, where dinner had been prepared ror , jmrty. After resting a short time we all started with Bmtw House in his conveyance on our wsy to Sanpete through Salt Creek Canon. The scenerv is nin. turesque, and one may gaze with the most profound admiration on the stupendous mountain heigh ts, some of them crowned with snow-whit- e caps. Mount Nebo is famed as being the highest point in the Wasatch range, and is indeed crandlv magnificent. . A narrowcausre railronfl X - - inS canon and ni lI uvuum wi 1 lUH VUJ9 Wlull- soon be comple ted. Th is will be a very great advantage to travelers. We reached Fountain Green, the first settlement in Sanpete valJey, jnst before nightfall, and found Sister M. A. Hyde waa before us. She had come to take us in her carriage on to the other settlements. After supper attended a 'general meeting of the Relief Society the same evening. The next morning we had just finished an early breakfast when a telegram was received for Mrs. Zina D. Young, saying her son had met with an accident on the Utah WesUru Railroad, and' it, would be necessary for her to return. We were very sorry to part with her so soon, but we felt most deeply how her heart must le drawn out for one so near and dear; and we knew her first duty was to him. We attended a meeting of the Primary Association at nine 0,'clock a. m., and then proceeded on our journey to Wales, where we arrived in time for dinner, and held a meeting with the brethren and sisters, and went on our way. At four o'clock arrived in Moroni, where we attended a meeting of the P. A. of that place. The school-hous- e had been decorated in honor of the sisters visit, and the children were all in their "Sunday clothes," smiling and happy. There were a number of exercises bythe little, folks, all of which were well rendered; anions the number was an essay by May Kimball, which was very good; it war on the subject of cleanliness, her sister, a very little girl, recited "Flowers in the Wildwood" very creditably. Everywhere we tound the children making rapid progress; little girls dressed in white came forwardEight and sang "A Welcome' composed for this special occasion. Peter Swinson, a young lad, perhaps eleven years old, offered the opening prayer. The children all seemed irery intelligent and kept excellent order. uro uttered concerning the Lamanites, and the many remarks she had heard from the Prophet She spoke about an hour, when Sisters Hyde and Wells also addressed them. Bro. rspeucer, the President, and Nephi, one cf the Indians, interpreted. In the afternoon there was a of the Relief Society of that place, the former society having been disorganized on account of the president moving away. Sister Eliza assisted Pres. Spencer and Bishops Seeley and Tucker in the organization. Mrs. L. Spencer was elected President, and the Indians voted for her with apparent pleasure and satisfaction. Mrs. Rebecca Tanner was elected first counselor, and Sister Susan, a native woman, Nephi's wife, was elected second counselor. She in probably the first Indian woman ordained to office in the Relief Society. Mary Amelia Seeley was chosen Secretary, and Rosanna Cox Treasurer. Pres. Spencer and the Bishops ordained the president and her Counselors and set the Secretary apart. The Lamanite sisters have already done some benevolent work, and are very persevering in piecing quilts and other similar labors. Joseph, James, Nephi and one or two others expressed themselves as delighted to see the sisters and hear them talk. They have some good, substantial log houses, with furniture, stoves, etc.; they have a very good crop of grain, which they are now employed in harvesting. They have purchased some machinery for farming purposes, like that used by the white brethren. The Lamanite sisters have learned to cook and wash and sew and make quite a neat and tidy appearance, and it is easy to see will improve rapidly. We returned to Fairview at evening, quite pleaded with our first mission among the Indians. On our way back we drove over to Bro. Tanner's farm; where they manu- of cheesej It Is qnlte a i facf,B: large quantities himself. ; -- romantic place, almost up to the mountain's edge. We alsc passed some curious warm springs, that are said to be very healthful and invigorating to bathe in. Early onMondy morning we bade farewell to Fairview and wended our course towardg Spring City, passing through and calling at Mt. Pleasant on our way. At Spring City we were joined by a carriage load of sisters from Man ti. Two meetings were held there, one with the children, as we did in all the settlements we visited while away except two. We all enjoyed ourselves very much, and everybody used their best endeavors to entertain us hospitably and to make us feel From Spring City we went to Ephraim, where we found they had arranged a public dinner, or festival, in the Relief Society Hall. Pres. Mai-be- n and wife and Brq. William Fulsom were at Pres. Petersen's when we arrived, and also Sister M. F. C. Morrison, from Mt. Pleasant, and Sister Goldsbrough, from Nephi, Sister Irons, of Moroni, and several sisters from Spring City, were also of the party. We have not time, space, or language, to express in full our appreciation of the good sisters' entertainment; we have given a brief description of the affair, which we sent from Ephraim the next day for publication. The meetings at Ephraim were were well attended, notwithstanding the brethren were harvesting their hay and grain and fighting grasshoppers. The people have killed these troublesome creatures by the million; ditches have been dug many miles in extent, into which tiieyh&vejMvea the. grasshoppers, . and these little pests lie several feet in depth. The oats and barley are all gone, but they will probably save a good projkrtion of the. wheat crop. Our party remained over night in Ephraim, and in the morning rode over to Manti. at-hom- -- e. party, which consisted ojf sisters from several settlements besides those from Salt Lake. We all reached Manti about eleven o'clock and drove directly up to the Temple grounds,Brother Fulsom (was anticipating the arrival and was ready to show the party over the place. The work has progressed greatly since our visit to Sanpete just one year ago. It is impossible to define in language the feeling of solemnity which impresses one, when standing in the presence of a Temple of God, although uncompleted, upon holy consecrated ground. Only .those who have true appreciation of the great and mighty work to be performed for the living and for the dead, can understand in any degree the awe and majesty which pervades one's whole being in these sacred places. It is as if the presence of those departed, with whom we have been associated in the past were round about, urging the living to faithfulness and the performance of du ty. The Temple grounds at Manti do in very deed seem a hallowed spot. The terraces are Imposing In appearance and add much to the magnificence of the structure. The walls are up some highth above the first row of windows, and the terraces are, 63 feet from the street with 3. rows of stairs leading straight from terror to. terrace, and then dividing to the right and left. When these walls, which form the terrace work are pointed and polished with hard finish, they will be quite dazzling in beauty and can be seen at a great distance. The temple walls are three and a half feet and the buttresses fieveu and a half feet in thickness. The foundation is built of iron rock, so solid iq its formation that it rings like iron itself. The building rock m softer and a creamy color. . Tho mortar is made of crushed rock ins tead of; - sand; a machine is ' used for crushing, which is run by an engine. - It k m"1 interesting io see it in operation, we an drove over to the quarry in the mountains, a - 