. EXPONENT. THE WOMAN'S - ejIMELISKU. WfLIJi, c y ' " - Kdif0r ' ' Salt Like CityUtah month Terms; One copy one year, $2.00; oae ropy six Ten' copies or the price of nine. Adtertisin LOO n liues o( nonpareil space, on K&ch square, rate-- . A Illrr.l discount t Ume, 2.00: per month, $3.00. Iv.bUphed In ?eml-monthl- j, t regular advcrtl."crs- Exroncnt Office, Lower West" Koom of the t'oonril hoars Buetne8 fiouee, South Temple Biuret, from 10 .n tn ! p.in.erery day xrept Sunday. Address tU business communications to Publisher Woman's Exfonkkt, Salt Lake City, Utah. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. tions in that Stake. And we are proud and thankful to say these young women are most earnestly devoting themselves to the higher elevation of humanity, and ably working to promote the interests of Christ's kingdom uponthe earth. The reports from brauch Assoc iations were indeed gratifying, and the secretary, Miss Lydia Snow, reflected credit upon herself, and dignified the position by the manner in which she performed her special patt, of the exercises. After the reports had all been read, the Stake President of the Y. L., Mrs. Minnie J. Snow, addressed the meeting m a very able manner; she was followed by others, each and all of them manifesting a spirit of obedience, tEe humility and nobility in strict keeping with Gospel and its divine teachings. The sisters from "Salt Lake alsoixddressed the young ladies, speaking Tipou culture of mind, manners and heart, and dwelt much upon the deleterious effects of novel reading and light literature. Taken as a whole, the remarks of the young ladies in that Conference far surpassed anything we have ever heard from the young at any conference; they were full of intelligence, and wisdom, and the spirit of improvement, and were truly encouraging. The afternoon of the second day was devoted to the Primary Associations, and after the re- ports were read, the presidents reported verbally, and many excellent things were said in the very best spirit and manner. Mrs. Lizzie M. Felt, who iq counselor in the Primary Association of the 11th Ward in this city, was present, and was called upon" to speak She responded in a very happy maunw, and her remarks were interesting and edifying to all. Several sijeeeijes were made, which were both eloquent and inspiring, and the Conference adjourned for three mouths. the same evening ab6ut foul? hundred children assembled at the Court House, all. These and tli is meeting was indeed not are for the children conferences only inspirto to all who are but the little interested folks, ing in the future welfare of Israel. -- SALT LAKE CITY, JUNK 15, 1880. VISIT TO BRIGHT M CITY. Monday afternoon, June 7th, in company with Sister E. R. Snow Smith, we left home ei route for Brigham City, to attend the Sisters' Conference of Box Elder Stake of Zion. We arrived safely about eight o'clock the same evening, at the residence of Apostle Ixrenzo Snow. It is a large rambling, house, and remma one of the country homes of New England, We were .warmly welcomed, old-fashion- ed iti, and in fact Sister Eliza is most roi.di.v- - and affectionately cherished by all the residents vt this unique town, as a sort of godmotfiert and of course this. alone3yould secu re a wejeome for any '. , one accompanying her. Tuesday morning at 1Q, o'clock, the Conference convened In the Court House, Mrs. Harriet A. Snow presiding. On the platform were many of the presidents, and other offiu era of the several branches of the diflerent parta of iheXVuhty, Sisters Annie Sawyer and Elvira Harrison, Malad, M. A . Hubbard, Willard, and many other sisters from a distance, earnest and zealous workers in the the cause of woman's progress and elevation. The morning was partly occupied in reading Relief Society reports, after which, by request, the meeting was addressed by the sisters from Salt Lake City. In the afternoon the several presidents of Relief Societies gave verbal reports, and bore strong testimonies of the truth of the Gospel and their iuterest in the work of reformation and redemption in these "latter days." Apostle IiOrenzo Snow and Pres. Joseph Young, Sen., each made encouraging and interesting remarks, and "Sister Eliza" made a most eloquent appeal to mothers and in fact all, in regard to sustaining home industries and living above every, trial aud thus obtaining victory over e arid the powers of darkness. After the meeting had adjourned we were invited to visit the young ladies' bazar, in the lower hall of the building. This bazar was all coin posed of home-madfancy and useful artimade women the of the Mutual cles, by young Improvement Association of the Third Ward, aud the object was to get money to purchase books for a society library. The president of this Association, Mrs. Amy Maddison, Is a most energetic and faithful worker in the advancement of all that pertains to the interest imd welfare ot the young sisters. The articles are good and many of them are very pretty. These young Ladies certainly deserve great credit for their industry, aud the young ladies in other localities who have had Utter opportunities might well imitate their example. Wednesday morning, the Y. L. M, L A. Conference commenced, Mrs. Minnie Jt Snow presiding. The platform was nearly filled with wfflcers from the several Young Ladies' Associa e, -- -- y . " x '"""At-:veeTfoc- acoto , LETTER WRITING. is spoken of frequently as an as an accomplishment and so forth, but certain it is that a correspondence between persons of intelligence and education is decidedly !enericial as well as pleasurable. Most people know how delightful it is to receive letters that contain not only news,but ideas and sentiments fresh from the heart's inner fountain no intermingling with other peoples fancies but genuine elusions thrown off at the point of the pen, in an unailected and simple style that goes direct to the heart of the recipient of the favor. This is a part of the education of the ycung that should not be neglected,and it is something that can be acquired with little expense, and by occasional practise one may become quite an adept in the art of letter writing. We do not wish to be understood as advising promiscuous far from it, but to be able to give pleasure, comfort and consolation to those we love when separated from them, by means of epistles which will convey in the best manner o possible our true sentiments, is something for all, who wish to do good and promote other's happiness. The gift of conversation is one whicli almost all desire, that they may conto vey others in a pleasing manner their thoughts and make themselves thoroughly understood, but less is thouhgt of the efficiency and proficiency of letter writing. "Well I shall seldom have occasion to write letters and do not need any preparation for that,'i the general idea, but it corre-spondenc- des-irabl- r.i..vltintii'n mnro nril fhon tllilf, nf llPHl? Jllllp to write fascinatingly, . n for are Letters generations somepreserved time?, in face it is quite common to keep them, for years, and Ion? after the hand that penned ,the faded lines is cold in the silent tomb, they are capable of bringing back tender calling up familiar scenes,and sweet associations, and are thus silent messengers coming back to us as it were to oIFer consolation and revive our friendship for the loved ones of "other days." Who is there in this age of educational culture, who has not packed away in some quiet corner a bundle, or two, or' more of old letters, that are worth more to the than their weight in gold. Methinks there are many of the e precious letter parcels tucked away here and there tied with a faded ribbon, that the very sight,or touch of is sacred. Jewels could not produce the sensation of happiness, or so inspire the heart, a" do these same jwor, silent treasures. Their worth cannot I" atimtod. Then how particular we should be in addressing our friends, never to wound by a single word, or hint, for long afterwards it may reawaken, evil or unpleasaut feelings, which might otherwise have sunk into oblivion. Let us give all the comfort, all the pleasure we can, through this prolific source of bestowing happiness. To the young especially, T would say remember that through this channel of com you may do great munication, (letter-writingood to your friends, or even hand down your Aunt Em. name to the future. remem-berauees,a- nd Letter writing "art" should in my opinion form a part of every cldld's education. I have always thought it a good plan to intermingle correspondence with compositions, that is in selecting subjects for r jpils, give them a chance to write letters occasionally, either to friends, or unknown persons, intended only to be criticised, as other essays and com posi tions are. This gives to the child an idea of correctness of style in addressing persons, aud of the manner of expression also. Use the choicest words, there are a great variety of words in our language, and the very best should always be selected. This is good discipline for the young. There are some things which should always be carefully observed in letter writing. Always write respectfully and so construct your sentences as to make your true meaning, perfectly clear. Respect for one's self as well as the person addressed should always characterize a letter, and such being the case no letter will be carelessly worded. Simplicity of express;on is much more elegant, and, indicates greater refinement and culture than the more elaborate forms of composing. Whatever the subject of your letter preserve your own originality of thought, and write as if you were speaking as nearly as possible. Bear in mind too, that your letter may perchance fall into other hands than those of the person for whom it was written and afreet you and perhaps others to a greater, or less extent for good or ill. There is one important tiling which should be strictly observed by all, and that is never to notice an anonymous letter. The art of letter writing although one of the greatest blessings, is often subverted to most wicked purpose?!. There fowcarc-cJcuy blessiug we enjoy in this life, but, has its "other side," aud perhaps no accomplishment has ever been e, pes-sess- or g) Speedy and Sum:. The Journal of Commerce, Boston, says; "As a speedy and sure cure this (Warner's Safe Kidney and Liver Cure) remedy is "Safe," and the cases wherein it misses are thoe beyond the reach of human relief." 