W DMA N ' S W. Young and Daniel II. Wells Marion Frances Then the names of Lyman and John Henry Smith were presented and unanimously sustained as members of the Quorum of theTwelve. All the other presiding officers were sustained in their places according to their proper order. The new edition of the Book of Doctrine and Covenants in its revised form, and the Pearl of Graat Price, were then presented forhe acceptance of the Conference. President Joseph F. Smith moved that the revelations in these books be received and accepted to the by heJConference as revelations from God Saints, and Chu.rch.pf Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y to arf the world. The motion was seconded and sustained. Other business was transacted, after which President Taylor and Elder Woodruff spoke with great power to the people, and then, by request of President Taylor, the choir and the whole vast congregation arose to their g fiymn, "The feet and sang that Spirit of God like a fire is burning." Conference 10 adjourned until the 6th of April, 1881, at o'clock a. m. The benediction was pronounced by Pres. Joseph F. Smith. John THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. F Editor. in Salt Xake City, Utah Published Terras: One copy one year, S3- - Ofr, one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil apace, one to time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount semi-monthl- regular advertisers. Exponent Offlce, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from ' 10 a. ra. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Woman's Expoxent, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, OCTOBER EXPONB NT 15, 18S0. soul-thrillin- FIFTH'THI SEMI-ANNUA- L Tjie October Conference just past has indeed been a remarkable one. It was numerously attended; people being present from all parts of the f . country. The preaching throughout was inspiring, and the instructions given calculated to benefit all who wil receive it in good and honest g hearts, ana practice its principles. It or a ami evident the kingdom is fat increasing in strength and power. "Zion is growing!" xhe Jatterday work is progressing rapidly, and soon all nations will have heard the glad tidings of great joy. Conference lasted five whole days, commencing on Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock, October 6th, and closing Sunday afternoon, October 10th. The people manifested no impatience whatever,"but each day seemed more and more HOME AFFAIRS. We received, through courtesy of the author, Col. Juan Lewis, a new work of his, entitled "Two of the Name." It is very finely written in a pleasing style, and forms one number of a ries, styled the "Philadelphia Library." We had the pleasure of meeting and forming a very pleasant acquaintance with Mrs. Col. Lewis in Washington. She is the able editor of "Woman's Words' published at 625 Walnut Street, Philadelphia. We count this journal, one of the very beat among our exchanges, and always look forward anxiously to its coming. life-givin- - " ant business was transacted. It had been announced on Sunday morning, that at a priesthood meeting held in the Assembly Hall, Saturday Young People's Mutual Improvement Associa- evening, President Taylor had been nominated as president of the Church, and that the several quorums of the holy priesthood then and there assembled had voted upon it. That on Sunday afternoon the priesthood would vote by quorums and after them the entire congregation. The people were also advised to vote conscientiously' Accordingly the numerous congregation assem-bl- e early and were seated in the order agreed The Tabernacle was upon in the morning. crowded to its utmost capacity. . It was a grand aud imposing spectacle to gaze upon. The meeting was called to order by President John Taylor. Choir sang: 1 O God, our help in ages past," in the mot impressive manner. Elder Albert Carriugton ottered the opening prayer. Choir sang: Eternal Father." Elder Orson Pratt, who is the only 4lO God the remaining member of the original Quorum of the Twelve then presented the authorities Apostles, of the Church to the Conference, who were voted for unanimously in the order of the Priesthood, each quorum according to, their respective rank, and afterwards the whole congregation rising to their feet with uplifted hands to heaven. This solemn scene will live forever in the memory of all who witnessed it. John Taylor was sustained as Prophet, Seer and Reve-latand President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints in all the world. George Q. Cannon as First Counselor and Joseph F. Smith Second Counselor in the First PresL dency. Wilford Woodruff as President of the Twelve Apostles. The other members of the quorum were then sustained according to their order. As Counselors to the Twelve. or ' v 1 M ed '&yvJunTur tions, has completed one year and issued the first number of its second volume. The new number for October is improved by the addition ot ten pages of reading matter. It is certainly well worth the subscription, two dollars per year. The articles in this number present a pleasing variety historical, philosophical; sentimental and general, with "Sketches from Life," that may be termed humorous, and Which are a happy contrast to the solid reading. The writer, who styles himself Gax, evidently has ability inHhat style of writing, and should cultivate it by practise, as there are few wlib possess it in any great degree. Gax may win name and fame, if he will persevere. We are glad to see the "Univer' sity of Deseret" written up in so able ajnanner, and bore to see more on the same subject. The University of Deseret has a history which should be recorded. The struggles made by this people to plant educational institutions in the early days of Utah, are not recognized as they should be by the men and women of "Fugitive Poemh." This is the title of a lxx)k recently published. The author, Mrs. M. J. Tanner, is favorably known among the Saints as a writer of both prose and .verse. Her intro. ductory remarks, in presenting the book to the public, are pleasing and impressive. W'e quote the following from the preface: :Poetryis the clothing of our thoughts and fancier, not the revelation of our experience. That the wildest and most erratic ideas find vent through its channels has been proven by those who have, long ago, been acknowledged as possessing the highest genius. I lay no claim to erudition or elegance, but if my humble efforts , should touch a pathetic feeling in' the hearts of my readers, or gam an appreciation; I shall feel that my labors are well rewarded." to-da- y. We feel safe in recommending this book to the general public, and especially is it adapted to the young people's libraries. Mrs. Tanner's writings are evidently not for effect, but simply the outpourings of a soul, rich in kindness, sympathy tenderness, affection, love for her fellow creature Ipye of God:and all his works. Many of her poems are excellent they are all good. "Is Genius Immortal" Is certainly superior in true merit. The ixoks contain one hundred and twtnty-fiv- e pages and are bound in cloth and leather, at $1,00 and $1,25 each; paper covers 5o centsl They may fee purchased at this office, also at the offlce of the "Deseret News" and 'Juvenile Instructor." We publish in full the "written decision of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Utah in the Mandamus case, which caused some ani mated discussion on the part of the general public while the case was pending. It was decidedly a woman question, as the real object was the disfranchisement of women citizens. We are proud to say that the majority of the Judges proved themselves on the side of justice, and very sorrythat the minority man is so biind as not to comprehend the situation better. We have received telegrams and letters from the active suffragists in the East, expressing their indignation at an attempt being made to take the ballot from the women of Utah, and urging us te strongly and strenuously resist any further attempt, should any be made, and assuring us, should such be the case, they would use their4 utmost endeavors and influence, to call attention to the tinjustice. Much might be said on this subject, but time will prove whether right wiJJ not eventually,succe fully triumph over wrong. The People's Territorial Convention in the City Hall, Oct. 7 inst., at 6 was held p. m. There several counties. The usual form of transacting business of this nature was observed. After which the Hon. Moses Thatcher, of Logan, nominated for Delegate to the 47th Congress the Hon. George Q. Cannon, pledging for him the solid vote of Cache Co., and speaking in the highest terms of the man, his purity of life, temperance and integrity. The nomination was seconded by Hon. John E. Booth, of Provo, who also spoke in praise of the nominee and his influence, and promised the hearty support of Utah Co. Hon. C. W. Penrose, of this city, endorsed the sentiments expressed, and dwelt briefly upon the unblemished character and excellent abilities of Mr. Cannon, and proposed, inasmuch as there appeared to be no other nominee, that the name of Mr. Cannon be voted upon by acclamation. This suggestion was acted upon, and the nomination was sustained by the unanimous voice of the Convention. Short and pithy speeches were made by several of the dalegates. The TerritoriaL Central. Committee were sustained and three others added, one for each of the new counties, Lmery, San Juan and Uintah. Mr. John E. Booth moved that the committee be instructed to draft resolutions for the People's Party; The first motion, however, was withdrawn, and the Hon. Moses Thatcher suggested that the principle of the People's Party be "The highest, possible liberty to - man and woman." Before calling for the vote on the resolution proposed, the Chairman, Hon. L. E. Harrington, said: "The sentiment expressed calls to rnind, and is in accordance with the saying of JefferGodf son, viz.: "I have sworn, upon the altar of eternal hostility to every form of tyranny over the mind of man; and again eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." JAnd farther said; "Th spirit of 'the Convention1 indicates that the right of Tvoman1 to Yote shall continue, inviolate, and to that shall be added the right to hold all offices 