WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 74 everlasting covenant of marriage through the holy order ot the Melchizcdec rriestnooa; When the news of his massacre first reached 'her, she could not believe it; and it was Veil that she did not, or .she might have sunk under the terrible blow. But gradually she came to understand and realize that he was gone, and mourned for him, not only as the leader of a tengreat people, but as the true, faithful and der wife mourns, and she poured forth her soul in characteristic verse; the poetry of her woman nature was etirred to her hearths inner fountains, by the cruel' martyrdom. Yet God was in all her thoughts. lie was her refuge in this hour of heavy trial, which she was compelled to bear in silence and alone. What had the world to do with her wounds, or her: distress? Nothing! It was a union of hearts and lives which the world did not recognize, but God, Who knoweth the secrets of all hearts, His love took her into His precious care. soothed her, and she looked forward with the eye of faith, and a calmness and trustfulness which passeth understanding, to the beyond, when she would meet her beloved again, and partake of the fulness of the exaltation which she knew would be obtained through obedience to that higher law which God had revealed, through him who had laid down his life in trying to establish it. She dedicated herself anew to the work she had so heroically begun. She had received the baptism of suffering, and arisen from the terrible ordeal with a determination to take up all the burdens of life and bear them through good or ill report, relying upon the arm that is mighty to save. The Temple, which had been in process of erection at the time of the death of the prophet, was at length finished; and woman was called upon to take her part in administering therein, the" "Character of- - nriestess. Sister . officiatinga.. in x 'herEliza then began another era- Th" peculiar V Wl sea-sickne- c?Vi c D11V " lllVy holy rites that pertain to the house of the Lord as priestess and Mother in Israel to hundreds of her sex. S ( To be continued. TV FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE. Honolulu, Oahu, Sandwich Islands, Aug. 1, 1880. Editor Exponent: If your valuable paper can afford space for a brief communication from a country so remote from Zion as this is, I will offer a few items On matters connected with, our mission on these Islands. On the first day of June, 1879, 1 started from my home in Provo in company with my husband, to fill a mission among the Hawaiians. We arrived in the beautirul tropical town of Honolulu, the metropolis of the Islands, after an absence of live years, and was welcomed by the native brethren and sisters with such manifestations as they in their simplicity arc able to make. At the following October Conference, held at Laic, I was chosen to take the Superinten-denc- y of all the Relief Societies, organized in our Church, on these Islands. Sisters Sarah Dean, Nellie Alexander and Gundy Anderson, and two faithful native sisters, wore chosen to assist in that capacity. Accordingly, I took a trip to the Island of Kawai, which lic8 about one hundred miles N. W., accompanied bythe two native sisters, Kaahanui and Kealohanui, the former being able to turn the scales at 275 pounds; the foreign sisters not being able to accompany me, in consequence of having small children to care for, We left Honolulu at 5:30 o'clock p. ii.-o-f July 19, Mr. Cluff having accompanied me to Honolulu, and' placed me safely on board the little steamer James McKee. My admiration of e beautiful scenery back . . people. - TVirvi In rr inaf oinr1U. in VUtiV Vlll JJIO 111 llllXHClLl Ill fViof unfre-quentl- y was. the residence of Bro. Kawe (the cry), President of the Hanumaula branch, who extended to us all the courtesy and kindness possible for a native to bestow, and their hospitable characteristic, as a people, is noted by strangers. Not only weie the members of our Church kind and obliging, but the neighbors who made no profession of faith, especially Mr. Kamanu (the bird) and his gracious wife, Kahoopii (to sue at law). During our stay at this place, Mrs. Kahoopii never failed to supply us, regu- refreshlarly at meal time, with well prepared circumstanments served up on a salver, their ces pecuniarily being above the average native i nrwl U.111L e island; he procured a buggy and took me to re-uni- on lilt--, ss We landed at Nawiliwili Kawai on the following morning almost unable to move when upon the land; fortunately for me the voyage was a short one. I met my nephew, Elder B. Clnff, Jun., who was making a tour of this . - more instruction and a wonderful supply of patience to keep them from various vagaries-morespecially is this the case during the absence of our Elders, when they fly off, as it were, upon superstitious ideas, and" not get into a spirit of jangling. The Society at Laie, which is always under the immediate care of the Elders, has been so trained that they move along with less difficulty than that which attends organizations anions those of less experience; but the improvements made in the Society at Laie are sufficient to give us hope for others: I am satisfied that our sisters from home, when they acquire a knowledge of the language, can do much good in uniting our Hawaiian sisters. One difficulty which exists., with members of Relief Societies at home is never felt by our Hawaiian sisters; I refer to a diffidence in speaking in public. Here the difficulty comes in when you want them to stop, for they never tire of talking. Leaving Koloa we went to Wailua, passing Nawiliwili to the right. Here we enjoyed the beautiful scenery, and also the boating on the river, visiting the falls, and listening to the legends and myths connected with the place, Here we as recited by our native friends. "is cousin a of the met Sister Nahinu, who is chiefess. She a and a very present Queen ia is much interested and very pleasant lady, the progress of Zion. She and her husband, also a member of the Church, entertain strong hopes of going to Utah, and now await the consent of the King. We returned home after an absence of two weeks, pretty nearly prostrate with the extra nf iho town Of Honolulu, as we steamed out through the channel, was suddenly changed when fairly outside of the reef, where we got the full effects of the trade winds that whistled over the mountains. I had always thought that ray former sea voyages were all I could possibly endure and live, but the playful way, in which the little steamer glided from wave to wave was worse to me, seemingly, than death, and I found that I really had not known what , On our way from Nawiliwili to Koloa we visited a plantation where they manufacture starch from the root of the Manioc. The root of this plant has a close lesemblance to the Yam, and requires at least eighteen months growth before use; but it may continue growing for years without injury. The average yield per acre is about three tons, and the expense of manufacturing is very light, compared to the cost of the manufacturing of sugar. The town of Kflloa, especially the lower part oHt, isn)uilt formation, and when the Islands swarmed with a pure Hawaiian population, compelling the cultivation of every available spot of ground, the lava rock was gathered in heaps, giving space for a hill of sweet potatoes, squash, or onions, and thu3 piles of rock remain as monuments of the past. Having made arrangements to organize a Relief Society at Koloa on the 26th of July, we made our way over rolling hills and through green pastures, where the herds of cattle were grazing leisurely upon the hills and plains, when we suddenly came upon the brink of what appeared a deep chasm, defying any further advance; but we were soon informed that the town of Hanapepe lay almost beneath us. Standing upon the brink we looked down several hundred feet below, upon the town and beautiful, wavy fields of rice and Kalo; this deep, narrow valley is walled in with precipices of red rock, very much like that of Echo Canon in Utah. Hanapepe signifies broken, bruised, crushed and I am certain the name is very applicable. Our stay at this place was very brief, hut pleasant. I found the water there surpassed in coolness any that I have tasted on the Islands. t We returned1 to Koloa, and on the 26th, ac--' cording to previous appointment, we organized a Relief Society, uniting the sisters of Koloa, Hanapepe and Kemoa in one Society for the officers present, which numbers seventy-fou- r and members. There may be a curiosity in the minds of some of the readers of the Exponent to know how a Society of this kind operates among the sisters of our Church here. Our organizations are in accordance with those at home, but there are many more difficulties attending a Society of this kind here than at home. The peculiarities, customs, traditions, habits and supersti- tions of this people are such that it requires sea-sickne- ss. Please extend my kind regards to Sisters E. R. Snow, Zina D. Young, Bathsheba W. Smith and Ma Sracot. Praying for your success in your editorial capacity, I remain, Margaret A. Cluff. At a meeting of the Relief Society of (Thistle Valley), Sept. 16, 1880, ,Mrs. Jane Simons, President of the Payson Relief Society, with her counselors and other sisters, In-diano- la were present. Meeting called to order by Pres. Lodisi a Spencer. Singing. Prayer by Pres. Jane Simons. Singing. Roll called, thirteen members present. Minutes of .previous meet- -- ing read and approved. Sister Douglas spoke to the sisters: said she "felt glad to have the privilege of meeting with the sisters ofjndianofa; was glad to see the improvement 'made by the Lamanite sisters. Also gave some very good instructions, and en- would eouraged them to do right and the Lord bless them. Interpreted by Pres. John Spencer, who was present and acted throughout the meeting as interpreter. Sister Moore said she felt glad to meet with the sisters of Indianola, and that she lived in l this day and age of the world, when the had beeirmade known to the human family; and gave some very good instructions. Prayed the Lord to bless them all. Sister Hancock said she was glad to have the privilege of living in this day. She felt that the Spirit of God was in their midst Said she could see a great improvement in the Lamanites; also felt well. Sister Martha Simons spoke to the sisters; said she felt thankful to God for having the sisters privilege of meeting with the Lamanitefaithful of Indianola. Said we ought to be and set a good example to the Lamanites, and also teach them to be cleanly and to have faith in God; and gave other ..good instructions. those who are Prayed that God would-blescalled to lead the Saints here in Indianola. Sister Phebe (Lamanite) said she felt gladred sisto seethe day when the white and the Gos-pe- to-da- y. . s 