v ' residence of Mrt.' Marian It. Pratt, ; The after noon was spent In cheerful social converse, and, about sir o'clockApostle Orson Pratt and seventeen ladies sat down to dinner. The conversation at the table was' a spiritual feast. Brother Pratt referred to his early History in the Church nti to many wonderful events of that period, with which several of the elderly ladies were conversant. After dinner the conversation continued in much the same strain. Later in the evening Bister E. A- - Whitney ang a song of Zion, and Sister Zina D. Young gave the interr , pretation. It was a psalm of praise and rejoicing. Miss Kintha Pratt sang one or two charming little melodies, and Willard Weihe and several other; musicians played a few choice pieces in a lively manner. There were six instruments, and the effect of the music was inspiring. The musicians went out upon the lawn, and the effect was .more delightful still. Some of the young people were dancing on the lawn, by moonlight. It was indeed quite a temptation to one fond of this beautiful recreation. This visit will be Jong remembered.: The charming and words of the Apostle, Mother O Hi A. J XT -- IN ri JN 1 . 85 of the Grantsville Mutual improvement' Aisciia Hon desire to express our love and esteem to her memory; I therefore: ; ,;i Be it Resolved: That we mourn her loss but not as those without hope, that we deeply sympathize with her parents and relations. She was an active member of our Association and in every way gave promise of a Useful life. That the above be placed Upon record a copy of the same be given to her parents, and published in the Woman's Exponent. , , ; . 1 lf Marentiia A. Stoddard, President. Lucy A. Clark, V Counselors. -- May L. Rich, i IN THE SENATE OE: OREGON. Mrs. Duniway expressed her deep appreciation of the high honor the Senate, by its invitation, had conferred upon her as a representative of the great class of otherwise unrepresented though wuajus oi mra ; cominonweaun, e wnOj-sn"navea commissioned me, as I rsaia, t II nieir num oie cer van ir to appear ueiore you ,on their behalf, and urge you to graut to the voters,. of Oregon the privilege and power to decide whether or not your wives, your - mothers,.your sisteis and daughters shall be accorded .the right to a voice in making the laws, of a government: which they are taxed to .sustain, and .to '.: tlie statutes of which they are held amenable. We are not unmindful that X am here by your courtesy, rather than, by acknowledged difright; and I confess that I Arid it a rather con-seto stand before you and by j'our ficult task make a complamt which you have the dethe power but for your magnaninjity--t- o mafee-afto all. But, Jf, prive me of ;opportunitj you could react; the letters ,1 get from almost written by every quarter, 'and almost every post,churn-daswomen that work at the km,or tl? or, the, cooking, stove, andV or the wash-boarwho, through their labor in; rearing sons and daughters, are taxed to sustaJUMi goyernmeiit and uphold the laws you are liereto consider, you would ilot wonder,: tbatIAko !sa mother of on men, have the courage to lisph'argo my .dutyearbut their behalf to the beat of my humble nest ability. 'Courage these "Spartan wives we 'are: at home and' mothers write to me; n i f,A ir for you.' ivnu, wr. .xresjueui-- , at jcci ' m ... 1 , , s soul-inspiri- ng Whitney's Bong, the music and the sweet interfriends were indeed e course of ; old-tim- : - ; ? to-da- law-mak- er, , ; to-nig- ht " . , OBITUARY. -- Prove Sept. 30, 1880. Julia A. Fosset, wife of Thomas T. Holdaway, of childbirth, aged 23 years and three months. Deceased was born and brought up in Provo. Was a faithful Latter-daSaint and ,an active member of the .Relief Society. She left a husband and three small children, a father, mother and a large jircleyof relatives to mourn her loss. She was taken siqk .about midnight and died at four o'clock in, the morning. Her loss is mourned sincerely by all who knew her, Died: nt c , h, y. d, i t ; to-ni- ght - hnraving Can ncTerforget she waSdear,V Like a gem that is lost 'IrQttr its 'setting'---vHer name and her place are still here. bid me to come Deiore you as uieir and your friend, to assure you J. T. IN MEMOBIAM. Subscribed by the Relief Society of Beaver City, to the memory of Mrs. Louisa B. Pratt. who Our departed sister and fel died at.Beaver Sept 8th, 1880- - aged 77 years, 9 months and 29 dyiihV was . respected by all who knew her, was devoted to her religion and her God, and ever manifested a willingness to aid the progress of HW'.work. Resolved: That we extend' to the bereaved family our heartfelt sympathy, hoping they will follow an example, so worthy, and that while, mourning her loss, they, ma realize that, th; ugh suddenly 'Called from this earth, she bis gone to continue the labors that old. age partially pre; j low-memb- er, to-da- y. . ; i m : short-sighte- , , : , :, K . i , S ; : Damsel Lee, daughter of Wm. tLee and Jane 1875, died Lyon, born at Grants Vllle, April 28th' ' " i 18807; 29. September jr It has pleased jur Heavenly, Father,, in hjs in--. scrutable Eposes'5 to M:fro'm bur' folds t.bujf interests are your interests, and they: will do you good not evil all the days ofofyour lives; They are willing to trust the voicethe the voters, if you will but grant them; to husbands, that fathers,; brothers and sons power decide same their wives and mothers shall have the and the pursuit of happiness right to life, liberty for claim yourselves. I do not oelieve that you can afford that the Senators will feel that they that would the to establish dangerous precedent decis-owould it that result from the proposed ' hot be possible to submit another amendment two to any part of the State Constitution while or more amendments are pending. It was on the part of the formers of the Constitution to provide that no amendment to a pending amendment could be offered by the Legislature, before which such amepdment, while pending, must' go for ratification. The man who,, in .scythe a stream, used the handle i of atoo toS bridge, but failed.to see,' till It as late. of thelnsrument niustr that in so doing tlie blade his: off head, wasmotonef ewav round and cut the Senator who d than 'whit more a single jUusef, construe so would be willing t the to make (xnsqUiUon the Constitution as a lnpart itself inoperative as whole, or even chUd, Mr.' President, I learned, while yet a little fa cabin Tittle: a in log when attending school revere the tlie heart of a frontier wilderness,.to erson, AU men Immortal words of Thomas endowed by their Creator created etfual; wTth certain inalienable nghts; that among these ilife liberty and 'the pursuit o? happiness; Yht consent tf the governed; .and that, whenever o government becomes destructive of. . these ends, it is the right of the people to alter I believe the Inspiration of Liberty orMteh existence. was uom ttHu v vV ; with her'growth it. ha grown ami that with and I well her strength; nhened f u wtrm ihril s that surreal meas ina iny"nature, when, every f the revolutionary : . vented' while here. Iledlveds ttiat. while ber (' departure,, saddens ou r h paris J t arouses bur, desires to continue more faithful, thai, our last days,, like hers may be: blessedly $he, hope of a glorious resurrection. Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be tendered to her children, also sent tothe Wom- - ' Anra Exp onent, for publication, and placed on the record book of the,Secratary. : Maby. EJ ASHWORTir, Sec'y. R. P. Beayer. that their, wis-do- , ; 4?- r n ' ; smuumu-beare- , ''-- -' . , y .jnJa SS Wf . ; r- - M. fathers and motherswho freely pledged and freely gave their: Jives,; their fortunes and their sacred honor that Columbia t mht be free, were taught, in.. our achools. iThe Constitution expressly provides that every citizen shall be guar-a- n teed the equal? protection oft the laws. And of the 'people are yet, Mr. President, one-ha- lf taxed without representation and governed Without consent. This goverumentis not a democracy, nor a republic. It is a government of one-haof the people by the other lialf, instead. It is an aristocracy of sex, wherein "one half of the citizens enjoy a monopoly bf the right and immunities which are denied to the other half. It is rot necessary, for me to insult the intelligence of an august Sehatq like thisitaimakei the explanation that the generic term mpij as applied to the inalienable rights of the. human family, includes women. rMen' are always willing to admit this fact when women's taxes are due, or when a woman breaks a law that all persons of her sex are denied a voice in making. The man has never yet lived who has said; of a woman convicted of crime, 'May it pleaso the Court and the jury, I represent thia Woman. Punish mel Women complain that they. are rated in law with idiots, insane persons, criminals and Chinamen.- Time was when , theyi had the .negro for company; but modem JegisiationLhas cached out its hand and lifted the colored citizen upon the high pedestal of equality before the law; he is a .United States Marshal, a Senand y ator or a,Representiye In Oongress;' a before whose mrfndate)(your wiveg and mothers ' must bow while they proclaim the lesson taught by yoiir governmenthat taxatloawitliotit rep resentation Is tyranny; .We ask you, Mr. Presiot the Senate, to take the dent, and gentlemen - to for stibPhte'recflulon necessary stepsvotes of the the the Constitutia.a amending will do' sons of woro' Ve believe that-yo- u are of the world The you; upon , eyes your duty. written has her, namer higher already Oregon.' f any, other State In tlie .Union in than that-Oher recpgnitSon '. of eaual,rights (ex the mothers of menL' ';IIer legislation .'has ; been liberal,, because Hit", sons have, been. free. Let the grand his Country beam upon picture'bf the Father of with Tap Vinspiration; of, IrresisUbJe you4 power. You arelnaking. historyV frhe, fame spirit of liberty that presided oyei" the, destinies, of Washington a hundred years ago is; presiding over the destinies of the TCppkfof prVgon It is In your power, !tp wr'te, the name;. of your, youn and growing commonweal th yet higher--- ,' - Bfm'htmiis lion of the UnlteT lioaoxjjppn tliebrow, of v0urwer to plac the.accrue wj,uic wuiw y uregan iaat aiuue.cuu movement.for shall take the lead 4n this ' grxud indtbQrf , of 0men. the enfrandijsencnt of The blae'ali' ' of 1h.ibaryr,nwiitaina,iiasyan swered back to feellucjd atmos'ihere or the Dfled tb JAeA and women of and ocean, billowy ; ; te' . this'grand young gttfi,wJtV,thejeectriGres of an exalted patriotism. "Dui people. hayeiphaled J,h;e! very. breath. Let spirit of liberty witbZ 4tiefir give Oregon' an: bppdrtunly to lead the van ra the great galaxy, of the! States that will surely fail into line when you shall haveaefche, j shalj see grand example, and yourotdescendants Uie centuries to come her shine in the history with a luster that shaU dhn the glory of a ilas&a-c- h uAetts; a North Carolina or an Old irginla, , f Mr. President, I know that this is..not the Ume,; or place for discussing the rps'ahd cons of this woman movemeht: ; These will Le considered la a their- woper place before the'JpeDle afterthe we hlch. Honorable" now, A .. tion- of this imfjoi for. thepa vr&Y! BhsAV have made it poible withhold their Votes 'upon it. Thanking vou, gentlemen of tlie Senatevfor the highofhonor wo- -. you have conferred lijjoti mtf jn tbe mme ; . manhood, M' ,,our rest feebW utterances, I hf? -- . f .to-give- MtytoWtMW-Mf0 or . W Senatob Hujiirct: ' I am In favor of granting the right suffrage to the women of Oregon. ThejM, ' and are entitled to it' The that'hia wife is beitet tb An a CbJnd-- t agree wiUihlm.'In, that. She mtnIrdidlly ChlnamahJ buj b not only betterIsthana He says that joined ought he voters and teach Ihttn1. K Qir tojote. to M i This ithey UWat r' . mtinJ; fetl, for the t huncM K.4 J. - . ' , iii'of theml i ivLiwfrii wsitles mat we child, the heroic struggle A n 