WOMAN'S EXPONENT 54 of the ition she held to try to pervert the minds tried to Bisters in relation to that doctrine. She believe influence my first wife and to make her that the revelation was not correct. Sister Tayasked lor was very ranch troubled . thereat and Jos-ep- h me what it meant. Boon after, the Prophet was in ray house.and I spoke to him in my wife presence, in relation to what sister Emma had said, and Joseph replied, "Sister Emma would dethrone Jehovah to accomplish her pursisters Lare acpose if she could." Some of you quainted with what I refer.to and of the preju- dice that then existed.. After the death of the Trophet Joseph, in conintroduced sequence of the confusion then Presidents. Young thought it best to defer the the operations of this organization and the labors of the Society ceased, until he organized the sisters again here in this City. Those influences then introduced and then 'operating were not right, for the sisters in the various organization since have accomplished much good and should not be deprived of their rights and privileges because others have done wrong. Pres. Taylor then set apart the Relief Society s Officers as follows; Eliza Roxie Snow Smith, I lay my hands upon thy head in t,he name of Jesus and by authority of the holy priestiiooa i get thee apart to preside over the Relief Societies in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, and I confer ou thee this power and authority and ordain thee to this olUee, that thou maysb have power to the Scriptures, and to bless, elevate and strengthen thy sisters. The Lord is well pleased with thee, with thy diligence, fidelity and zeal in the interest of thy sisters. He has blessed and ..will continue .to bless ;tiiee forever and wer; r.uwLT- bless thee witb,all thine heart can desire in righteousness, and seal upon tbe all former blessings conferred upon ex-jxni- nd - ""' ;thee-exGeedittgly- . - thee by the Holy Priesthood, in the name of Jesus. Amen. 7AndL Diantha. Youns Smith., I lay my handa upon thee in the name of Jesus and by authority of the holy priesthood, and ordain thee to be First Counselor to Eliza R. Snow. Honor thy calling which is an honorable one; sustain and assist thy President und thou shalt have joy in thy labors, thou shalt be a wise counselor; the Lord is well pleased with thee and, will sustain thee, and no man shall deprive thee of thy blessings; thou shalt have the gift to heal the sick, and thou shalt bo blessed in time and in eternity; in the name of Jesus. Amen. Elizabeth Ann Smith Whitney, In the name of the Lord Jesns Christ and by virtue of my office and calling in the holy priesthood, I bless thee and set the.e apart to be Second Counselor to Eliza R.Snow Smith. Thou hast been tried and found faithful and God has helped thee, and thou shalt be blessed in thine old age; and thy name shall be honored through all generations. Thy heart shall be filled with peace and joy,and thou shalt be a wise counselor in thine old age. Thou shalt continue to be esteemed as a Mother in Isreal, and thou shalt continue to be blessed as thou hast been; and when thou shalt have fin. ishe'd thy labors, thou shalt have a place in the Celestial Kingdom of Qod with thine husband. Thou shalt be blessed with all the blessings and privileges pertaining to this office and calllng,In the name of Jesus. Amen. Sarah Melissa Granger Kimball. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by virtue of .the holy priesthood I set thee apart to the office of Secretary of the Relief Societies in Zion; to record important events and keep a faithful record Thou shalt be quick to discern and a ready writer. Seek more earnestly for the Spirit of the Lord and thou shalt be blessed more than thou hast r hadpowtr to coaceive of. As thou hast to be been preserved in life, thou shalt continue seal upon thee, thy former blesspreserved. in time and in ings, and thou shalt be honored eternity and have a seat in the Celestial Kingdom of God, in the name of Jsus. Amen. President Taylor then said, God bless the Treasurer Sister Horne,and bless her with every blessing that her heart desires in righteousness, and Sister Bathsheba Smith, and God bless all the faithful, who love Israel and keep GodV eommandinentg, do this and every promise here, tofore made you shall be fulfilled and more than now has entered into your hearts to conceive of. The President then took his leave to go by the afternoon train to Ogden. Sister Bathsheba Smith referred to the Prophet Joseph instructing the sisters to conduct their meetings in accordance with parliamentary President, Clarissa Putman and Adeline Harri: son, Counselors; jblizaDeth Lee, Treasurer, Tryphena Bryson The Conference of the Manti Primary Association North and South Wardswas held in the Bowery on Sunday, Aug, 22, at., three p. m. There was a good attendance of the members of the Association, and also of the parents of the children. The meeting was called to order by Sister Casto, president of the South Ward. Choir sang. Prayer by George Braithwaitc. Choir sang. Minutes of conjoint meeting held August 11 were read, also financial statement of each ward. Both wards had donated to the Temple and new Meeting House, and helped Elders going on missions. The programme was then presented to the audience, which consisted of a varied selection of essays, songs, recitations and other exercises, the first in order being music by the Brass Band; Exercise, "Dispensation of the fulness of times," class conducted by Sister Lucia Coi; Song, "The shells we gathered long ago," Mary C. and Annie, accompanied on the organ by Mary Westensko; Class Exercise, "Story of David and Goliath," conducted by Elizabeth Luke; Class Exercise, "Relation of God to man," conducted by Eva Cox; Essay on "Obedience," Emmeline Hansen; Class Exercise, "Revelation of God to man, conducted by Matilda Alder; Dialogue, "Between a Gentile and Mormon Boy," Wm. Peacock and Wm. Cox; Recitation, "The Mother's Prayer," Elizabeth Luke; Song, "Lulu," Edna and Verney Snow; Class Exercise, on "Faith and Repentance conducted by Hannah Westensko; Music, Bras3 Band; Recitation, "I can and I can't," Geo. Braithwaite; Essay on "Confidence," Elizabeth Hanson; Song, "Little Footsteps," usages. Sister Whitney than sang one of her sweet songs of Zion in the language which was spoken and sung (the Prophet Joseph said) by our first parents in the Garden of Eden. Sister Snow explained that Joseph Smith told Mother Whitney "If she would use the gift with wisdom it should remain with her as long as she lived.' Sister Zina then gave the interpreation. The theme of which was rejoicing and praise to the Great Author and Giver of good. . Sister Phebe Woodruffbeing called on to speak, said I am greatly pleased to see my sisters movies in such order. My .heart rejoices in what my eyes have witnessed, and my ears heard this day,. May we ever be humble and faithful. Sister Snow called attention to the political Primary meeting to beheld the following Wednesday E. B. Woj kmuI the call from central committee, political, and urged the sisters to attend meeting that they would feel interested enough in the election to vote. Stake Pres. M. I. Home followed on "the same subject. Sister Louie Felt gave some instructions to the Young Ladies relating to the celebrrtion. Pres. A. M. Cannon having come in was invited to speak. Said he was pleased and interested in what he had heard, particularly what was said in relation to voting. He hoped the sisters would remember that "Eternal vigilence, was the price of liberty." The sisters ought not to be unmindful of their political duties and privileges even though all seemed calm. If all would vote for those who fear God we would continue to be a free people. Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Choir sang, Doxology. Benediction by President A. M. V Cannon. Sec'y, the-Primar- - -- R. S., Y. L. M. L A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. The Primary Association of Woodruff, held their first anniversary June 19, 1880. Present were several of the brethren, President of the Relief Society and her Counselors, and many of the parents of the children. Alter the opening exercises Brothers Putman and Cornia, addressed the children encouraging them to be punctual in attending meeting after which there were songs and recitations by the children. Dancing was then engaged in for a short time. Picnic was passed around when they were dismissed, all feeling they had enjoyed themselves very much. , . We have a small settlement and very much that scattered, very many of the children are not able to attend, but all are trying to do the best they can. During the year cards of merit have been distributed, and the children take great intrest in the meetings. They have pieced a very nice quilt for the temple, and have nearly pieces enough for another. y The following are the officers. Euth Cornia, , -- ' Answers, Hannah . Munk vand Annette Aldff Reading, "Housework," Rose Brown; "Recitation, "Table Rules;" Annie Ludwigsonj Song, Boy and Cuckoo," Matilda Alder and Mary Keller, with organ accompaniment.1 At the close of the programme, Bishop Jensen said he was happy to see the progress made by the children of the Association, and hoped the parents would see it their place to attend . the meetings often and countenance the presidents and their assistants, and encourage them by their presence. Bishop Reid said he was deeply concerned in the welfare of the children, and we could not allow our children to grow up without being educated in the knowledge of God. The pure in heart were to be led and guided into all truth. Our children were pure, and this was the time when they should be taught in purity and truth. This was their seed time; and as the seed is sown in the ground, so should truth be sown in the hearts of the children, and the rain and dew of heaven would water and nourish the same, by the Spirit and grace of God. President Maiben, after reading a portion of the Book of Mormon, remarked, the Lord said "Snffer little children to come unto me;" and great would be the reward of those who undertook todo anything to train the youth of Zion; and thanked .Sieter Casto and Sister Tennant , and their assistants for their care and attention in training the members of the Manti j Primary Association. The choir then sang, "Let Zion in her beauty rise." Benediction by --Brother James Cra ford. Willie ReA and Elizabeth Luke, . Secretaries. We have had solne good times here in Lake Town lately, having received a visit from the President ef the Stake, Bister. Julia Lindsay and her Counselors. There was a large 