W 0 MAN' AO withdraw i arid then shakes, and talks, and ill at snakes, until you are so embarrassed and ease that you imagine all eyes are upon you, and uncomyou are correspondingly awkward and fortable. This method of shaking hands indicates that the person who employs it possesses a goodlyshare oLMc serimagines that he is doing some one a great to vice; and though it may originate in a desire reassure you and place you at your case, it has anything but tha desired effect. Next comes the nervous, energetic individual, against whom you know by former experience you must prepare yourself for a shock. You unconsciously put your hand to your mouth, the better to secure your false teeth, and when it is over you feel that you have reason to congratulate yourself upon finding that your arm is not dislocated at the shoulder joint. the Lastly, there is the genuine, hand-clas- p firm, warm pressure of hand to hand, a medium through' which friendly feeling may be transmitted from heart to heart, though never a word bo spoken. If ow reassuring to be met by such a person and greeted in such a manner! How pleasant to feel that his professions of friendship are not professions merely, and to know that you can rely upon him and that he is sincere in all he does and says. Then truly, "Than such Qod gives no dearer gifts to man." Jennie Jingle. EXPONE K T S will then parvarying exactitude, and its sleep never be should same It take of the precision. uu u' m wnen io neaiui allowed jp to some is young pleasing nurse; I know it mothers to allow this, but a w ise mother will not permit her feelings, even those which spring from love, to engender bad habits in herself or child; this would be injurious to both for while the ch ild is laid away in its quiet bed , she can perform some of the principal duties of the day, and be ready to receive it on its awaking. In family, where England every a nursery even have are servants two kept, only of this plan and the their for good children; be known could only by experience. It is a no more furniture in it with large, airy room, than is absolutely necessary a table, wardrobe for the children's clothes, commodes chairs, no carpet, except a rug at the hearth for nurse or mother. All their play things are in this sanctum, and everything they need they take their meals there, and such as are suitable for children. One of the servants is deputed to officiate in this room when needed, and the mother spends her mornings there, and whenever her presence is needed in the small empire,mighty in .its rainuUe I The parlor, or room of the household, can then be kept clean and quiet, and in order for the parents or visitors, and is a sanctum wherein they can rest in peace, and arrange their plans of domestic economy, or converse upon subjects that children have nothing to do with. No .one shoaid sleep in the nursery, not even the baby; let its crib be placed in its mother's bed room,. Cradles are not good, and often In warm engender indolence in the nurse. crib-bed at weather the baby should occupy its for to an is infant it highly injurious night two is marvelous it bed with a in adults; sleep that people do not see this evil at oncej and set it aside, for it seems to me to be a well-regulat- ed self-evide- BABYHOOD. Bi' HAKNAJl T. KINO. Babyhood is a theme mighty in minutxe! truly 'a day of small thing," the A B C of life in this stage of existence, that ushers every human being upon the grand Theatre- of the world, vet is the foundation laid thon for w-V tlm oh Ml being shallhWeatter sustain. T voman- - speoially i t Intefesti tTg study, for she has been ordained in the councils of Eterni fey the producer and stisfcuncr of the human family, as well as the fosterer and instructor of these embryo men and women. Heaven is about us in our infancy, for if an infant has a fine, healthy organization, and is properly attended by an Intelligent mother, it will be a personification of angelic life- - Many desire children, but few realize the mighty responsibility that such gifts call down uixm the -- M. w V possessor! "A spark is kindled then That never can be quench'd again; .Whole ages down .the stream of time Shall dawn upon that soul of mine, Tet never eeo that soul decline. Yes! ages hence, and it shall be Aa in its pristine vigor free! Worlds shall be bom and pass away, Bat still it shall not know decay." per-sona- rr-s- Infants should ne ver h takn into crowded assemblies; the, atmosphere structive to their tender systems. They should be much in the open air, but not into the glaring sun, which is injurious to their tender eyes and to their brain. Home may ignore some of my remarks, but none will wno ha ve"ever "experiWe have nurseries for our young enced them. tree and "plan ts, and for our young aknais, and .tiifcce ttiey'tttieu ueiiuiuu, jsu fcJiuuiu it ue iui uie imuiuiiai oeillgS placed beneath our care. The nursery should be an infant school, where the foundation is laid for future life--. Ijaws of order pertain iLg to their age and understanding should there be taught, the bigger children assisting in arranging and keeping in order all within its precincts such as the juvenile wardrobe, the baby basket and its things in general; this they will do with pleasure, for "the baby" is ever the pet of the household, and to wait and attend upon it is ever an agreeable occupation to tho older children, for there is ever something so sweet and angelic in a baby that is well nursed and attended to that is delightful and agreeable to all eyes. And the nursery' the room of the children, shonld be a for peace and inno. place especially set apart cence. No conversation should be held there . but what is proper and instructive for children to hear; no no or faultor must be allowed finding, within its qarreling, holy precincts. We there raise up the young scions of humanity for time and eternity, and no seeds must be sown there tliat will hereafter tale-bearin- g, These thoughts teach the mother to think, urge her to strain every faculty, every intelligence with which she has been endowed to benefit and improve her offspring. The first year ehe should dedicate exclusively to her infant; no work, no business, no should stand between her and it; after pleasure that such close attention and watching may inn degree be dispensed with. The first ten years of life almost form the character; or at any rate give that strong bias which, if good, no after influence can entirely eradicate, and if evil, alas! what an undertaking to undo and erase such tuition! The infant is, in one sense, tho most important in the household some one says: "Truly we are born princes." It is an imperative and everything gives way before its babybeing, sovereignity. Peace and gentleness should be the atmosphere it breathes; no loud noises or rude, harsh language should shock its tender ear. The BOIlSr that lulls it, tn t shn,I,l 1.x. 1..,,; and loving. It should never be allowed to cry to make its wants known, for they should be anticipated and prepared for beforehand. A baby brmgs with it one of the most prominent features of heaven, viz., order; regularity and punctuality seem peculiar to its nature. It should be washed, dressed, fed and undressed with un . nt fuofc. ge back-bitin- g, produce evil, ierhaps seven-folno weeds allowed to grow that will choke the progress of the tender plants that sojourn therein. Such a course will form an education for future life that the learning of the schools can never give. Can we with all our care make our children all we wish? No, there will be a difference but if on the one hand we cannot raise some to the standard we desire, we shall find others who s, will outstrip even our most and amply repay us for our toiling solicitude. And where, the organization is good, and the infant and youthful training has been vie and judicious, and prayenul, fear "cast tin' bread upon the waters, and thou not; shalt it alter many days." Should wise counselsfiud be rejected in youth, should the nature be wild and will not be bound, still, ye parents fear not, for the good seed you have sown shall produce its efIet D?, SU?f principles, and iifp is school of God, ant trial and aud the ing reflection, fm subdue nature, ther carry back d; sanguine-expectation- twlS "e.pal but beautiful daythe?f. reca11 the They lessons of nursery, where mother satgentle enthroned and ihff' -- swayed the sceptre of love over the children God had given heri where she enforcpd vi-- t, and right principles and they will verily realize by "experience how good they were, and thev will rise up and endeavor to show, even if it L "if thek i lili fliof tlw rtHi VirfllV nni..n V V (UCUIA W1J0 SO iUbVj bftl4.IV VifKJ in their early days, and show nurtured them also that the Lord has not taken his Spirit from - -- ? them. I have given only a few hints; vast, vast is the subject, but intelligence catches hints which are suggestive. We are fed only by crumbs, especially the, precious food that falls from the table of our Father and our God! HOME SPUN TALK. Come in, girls, and sit down, I want to talk to you a little while; and if any of your young gentleman friends want to listen too, I shall be more than pleased. 1 don't know that what I wTant to say is exactly orthodox, but to me it is good common-sensYou know how we've been preached to and talked to, and Jiow books and papers are always saying something to us about our duties as the future wives and mothers of Israel. I know it is all good, and we surely must try and be as prudent as our giddy heads and dancing heels will let us be, but here's my bombshell we want husbands who are going to be good fathers. That's where Jots oi tne trouble lies, and I know it! Of course boys are lectured quite a deal about making themselves ornaments to society, and pillars of Zion, and lights to the world. Are taught to be honest, industrious, and when sent on missions to be faithful and true. That's all good excellent, so far as it goes but it don't go half far enough. Are young men ever taught to take the solemn responsibility of paternity upon them with a knowledge of what is their duty to their off-spring? NoLM teuGjrJas ion that not many young men are as nearly prepared to be fathers, that do become vho are so much found aj, as are the poor girls fault w ith. Now ( this talk, remembor, is without polish when a soul is ushered into this world, both man and woman owe to it a solemn duty. Is i'cnooghTbr a woman to nurse, wash foktha, &sd;ra&Is. Uui.kikr-skiik.aXsoon as as man the of rid and young get youth, in' n ri'iidi-- trt mnrrv nr irn out for himself? Is it enough for the father to look at it occasionally, buy clothing and food for the child,school, clothe and whip the youth, and settle on the young man as much, to give him a start, as his pocket allows? No, 1 say it isn't. I am, not dealing with mothers just how, and will give you my idea of a good and a bad father. Do you know a man that is full of business and care through the day, and of moroseness and newspajjer in the evening, who growls out to his wife about the idleness of "the boys," and sa5's if Tom stays away from Sunday School again he'll "lick him?" Do you ever meet a man who lives for Zion, who devotes his days to acquiring "filthy lucre," his tongue to the failings of "the people and the signs of the times," his evenings in meetings and time generally in wondering why the Almighty gave him such reckless boys and flighty girls? Perhaps I'd better not call these bad fathers, and yet they are not good ones. I might enumerate many, many different types of men who fancy mothers must teach their children to possess all the virtues, and what mothers don't do Sunday Schools must. But again I say we wrant fathers in the truest sense of the word. Fathers who devote every opportunity to filling the youthful mind e. -- one-tent- h i with righteous principles. In the hay field, at the dinner table, around the hearth, Sundays, evening.- and mornings to such conversation as will form good ideas in the mind of a child. Fathers who will interest their boys in their business, and teach them to be careful and prudent. Fathers who think sweet, wholesome thoughts and whose ways are ways of wisdom. Fathers who share the burden of raising children, and who realize paternity is as fruitful of Fathers good and evil results as maternity. whose Jove for Zion overflows first around their" own firesides. Do I know such a father Yea, I do. And his hoys and his girls are brightest proofs of my arguments. O girls, I could talk on and on, for this subject is much on my mind, but I will only say, be careful how you choose a husband. Not only seek to discover if he is energetic and full of the love of the Gospel, but sound him as to his views of children and their rearing. Not modest? Well then it's not modest to marry a man and - . 