OMAWS; EXPONENT. We pf iWmJN. Marler e6n;,,and ' ' daughter of Bainnel and Jjydia Gates of iing- hamFortJ Weber Coi' Utah. Beceasid was ,4 born Oct. 7ih: 1837, in Levari Wayne Col MfcbJgie. She emigrated to Utah .wil h her parents In the year 1852; was Hhe mot her of; beloved 1 k H children of which 9areJftl tp;murnner ofieadi Christ of r Latter-da- J while 2 Saints y Active woman Shejdieg as slie; liyei - V-;"- iir ? --' vf were-reporte- Dudley. ' . UTAH SILK ASSCK3IAI30N, arvr .vt Salt Lake City, ... ? President Taylbt's ofilcew for the purpose of organizing ah association nhoer the- general; laws of the Territory.; j K K? ,x The meetlng; was cal led to order, Pres. Joh n Ta lor presiding;' Who eald we had met this morning for the purpose of organizing the silk buslhess on a firm basis. :. ,1; ,t . ;: jt Mrs. Zina D. Young then gave a report ot the condition of the Association. 4 ; 0 k'i; - 1 " 'ThannMkHtnHAn anil htflwa (vnrArn dm AsnnMitflm 'warn tend knr) ftdhhfwdTi PjifrfAnfc;.. Taylor said we were now ready for the iames of the shareholders. The fellowing ladles' and gentlemen signed their names for shares: Pres. Jtjhn Taylor. Wra. Jehnlnen: JWrnHrHoonerj 4r J fyfifc'tl ttle,? Young, O. F. K & ShpWj Z. :0f;Yqjarig5'M. Horhe, T A nt nr.-EV r . T 1X71 I. A. lA dm Simpson, . H-- B. Eldredge, John Sharp,. P.. A, gchettler, !F. 'Armstrorigi AC." . PyperJ. R. Winder A motion wm made that tho chairman, choose the board of directors; carried, with the following result; Wm. ;JeuniDg8g . Eliza R. Snow, Wm. IL Hooper, Mrs. Z.D., Youog, A. M. Mujser, M. I. Home, A. C. Pyper. 'I Oh motion,4 Mr. A. C .Pyper was elected , treasurer, pro tern. On motion, R. Simpson was elected secretary. A motion was made that Wm. Jennings, E. R. Snow, W. H. Hooper "and Z. D. YouDg appear before the Probale Judge to make the Imcessary arrangements'or the incorporation At-wbo- oif -- :- -y : . . ...... V ; rela-tion- -- of trjp asscctatlonf r? . . C -- : . : ? . f -- x , m : ' ; ? - - January 101880. A meeting of those Interested In fiiliHiaing and manufacturing was held th La morning at 4 ; J : Co-:-- ,1 f : rii'ih i;iJ-i. C : in the position! D. E. . ? ; Sain t in ; the hopes Vpf a "glorious resurrectioiia with the juttjt w : B. a:tthfulr Iter:dayv.J . The Quarterly,. Conference of the various brancnes of Belief Societies of Wfthor Rfiw t r 7A nn rnn vpn pd i n t h Ar O onrl n To hain Thursday De6. 18, 1879. Presl Jane S; i Richards andOoun. ITattfo C Rrntrh niM a. H i'tle impro vemen t. They had gleaned, s OnHho stand were; several Bishops wheat, and had raised.a fe w rhlte bearis. ing' f sorne and of theirlocal authoriti nf. President V " iha Blpodl, of ;tbe " XcbOhefirstfV V ' i. and Presiding -- iloFear8QA of .ihefeend Btaue aiso3isers iv. snow and E. B. Wells of Salt Lake City,? After the opening district of Kaysyille, j,, each re'pbrd her;j I society as haylnpf jeehrorgahized only one " I exercises of singing and prayer, Mrs.-E.'f Wells was elected Secretary pro tern. .Conn. morithf coniequeritly, .Jydt little hkd Seen ' done. Pres. Custiri of th6 P; Ai 'bf East H. C.! Brown then read', the minutes of the j last Conference, which were accepted. TJie Bountiful, was, not present to report." Robirisorif read the ;Pre8i Xiorinda Te'preserited the Secretary quarterly reports from Sbke Silk Association.5 Only 58 lbs. of the varioDS wards of Ogdea City and the different settlements throughout the county. Cocoons, and 10 arid one fourthToz.' of eggs Remarks were then made .by Sister E. R. d which were considered about one half of what had been raised this sea. Snow in regard to a Treasurer's report for, 7 son in JDavIs the Stake; said perhaps sho had had noth-- I frfi ing confident to her caro 'therefore she could 'Presl Nancy'A. Clark reported the Y L; '.make no report, . A. of the Stake steadily improving. Said t ilrs. Bropn follo she felt proud of them". Sho spoke1 on tho 1 instructive in its nature, ' M is.' Wells talked lack of confidence,' energy and earnestness a. little about.the training of children and of many' otherwise good sisters; 1 ' thereat opportunities now afforded Women Bishop Hess thought too much time was for Vultivatidq and bducariohal advance devoted to temporal "duties; Ho had 45, men t. Elder I). M; S tuart mad e some very years experience in this Church, and never iotere8tinff and generous remarks noon wo- felt a greater1 need of reformation than at her work. Bishop Shlrtliff, of present, believed that' if the few who are Plain City spoke hopefully and earnestly energetic wero less so, the' majority would upon the subject of; woman's influence and be more soundly asleep' thab they now are,- aid in; helping to establish righteousnesi ' At the opening of the afternoon session, and promoting all home interests; stated Pres. Holmes explained the method of in. he had considered very thoughtfully durexwhich Silk Association tho corporation ing the Conference trie nature and object of to near in j the Sister future; pected adopt theso organizations among the. women and Ciarfe then readhe agreement ; gotlen i up : children, and, theHgreat good to.be derived frfcd of charge by Bro. Jos. Barton, Co. therefrom, Conn. r Middleton spoke upon Clerk. It was stated that the shares, should j; the necessity of harmony in all pur bo five dollars each, 25 per cent to bo paid said,. "Sisters, your mission Is a, great :. at first. one, if we teach our children true and pure SisterJPresend la Kimball then made some principles, ihey will "rise up ajdcaflusl blessed" We must become so refined that very excellent remarks upon various sub. alL of which the angels may come among. us." jects suited to the occasion; we're as instructive as they were interest Afternoon session: The afternoon was and' be will remembered devoted to the , Conference of the Y. L. M; long ing, by her :: '. hearers. I. Association and the Primary A ssociations. Mrs; Sarah Herrick, President of the Stake "Aunt ZinaJ followed In' her gentle organization, was necessarily ''absent, and motherly way endorsing the - sentiment Mrs. Jane S. Richards 'presided. Rose Can. which had been uttered, and made other field, Secretary, read the reports from the equally I good and encouraging remarks. Also related some very interesting incidents Young Ladies' Associations of the Stake, and some Primary Association reports were which had come under her notice. also read, which werei.all very interesting Weber made some RIshop Cook of 6outh; ' and showed that great exertions were being timely remarks upon several subjects made for literary and spiritual improveworthy of mention, but I fear I am taking ment, several manuscript papers, being editup too mush space, so will not 'enter into ed in the different associations, and consid!"; tf details further. ?; ',., erable being done towards establishing li' We had a time of and a feast rejoicing braries. The amount of home readfng, as , v long to be remembered. ' per reports was indeed wonderful; more Wishing for the continued success of t he than has ever yet been reported In any other v , v Exponent;!, Stake. It consisted of reading1 from the M. E. Richards,. Sec'y Bible, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, E. R. Snow's Poems,Women of Woman's Exponent and Juve: : At a Quarterly Conference of the ' Sevier nile Instructor. Tho statistics must be Very Stake of Zion, held last June, we wore fasatisfactory to those who are interested in vored wih a visit from listers E. U. JSno w the spiritual educational growth t ot? the and M. L Horno, who organized the R. S. youth of this people. .7 Into a Stake, organization, witb Elizabeth 0 ? Sister E. R. Snow gave a i very earnest Boan, President, Jane Spencer arid Thirza and eloquent address on important matters Thurbur, . Counselors, . and. Catherine A. connecjted.with tho interests ,pf the organ Hunt, Secretary:" Wo have on hand at ixatipns and referred to , Pres. r Joseph date, cash, $12.70; property, $D20.80- - wheat, Smith's having said tho. Relief Society was .1,097 bushels organized after tho pattcrn.,of the, Church; Host of the societies aro in a flourishing said it had always existed when";the Church condition, and feel anxious to do all in their was fully organized, and If the sisters would power to for ward.the interests of Zion. We carry out his couusel it woald become ihe have had one Quarterly Conference since. most glorious society on the earth. She ere well represented, 8poTce ot tbe' great necessity1 of and many good instructions given. Our labor; of' prbWoting'home' ndus- next Conference Is appointed for tho 22d tries, and exhorted the sister's to diligence and 23d of January next With many ' : c y cIn all things, " good "wishes I remain your sisteri t; y Mrs. E. B. Wells spoke upon the interests CATiiiiiiNE A. Secretdryiof education, the Htjnt, necessity of careful read- ! - ! very yoaDg was a true arid faithful' Wifea. fclod and IV affectionate mother. She ;was ,Firt Counselor in tb Relief Society of Cllflou land 0 wsU jive arid Pres. Rogers of the P. A:Of Karmlngton, gave quite lengthy and intereetingjieport of that organization. Had been organized moro than a year and had' made; qui je an i became a rnemberof thVChurcn' herloaj-iB-h . ; ! ", 4 : thef17th day of January,' 'at J 1 o'clock, sharp. , - ' , R. Simpson. Secretary. : ; Mor-inondo- R. a BEPORTSJ Tho Davia Stake Conference of trip ' , was jield at ICaysyillei Oct5 16 th,' ' VL B. . ? from Salt? Uakrj; Sisters Zina:D. Vourigi and Pfcsendla'1 Kimball, Bishop Hiesa of Farmirigton, Bishop Cook of Sorilh John Weber, Barnes, Counselor to' Bishop f Barton, of Kaysvillo. The Presidency of the Btako R. and others of the brethern '.and sisters.-- - Prest Barati L Holmfia present - . , : a !r After the reading of tho minutes ';idlng. - rind reports by tfce Secretary the presidents V:: , i "e1 oociettes verbally report ed pesented as being Jn as good riondiUan as saaU'j A few sister however having all to .dp that is done In each .society- .- Ther pres. S2? i 0I- - rery and persoyo- - . I 5 j j ! - home-missionar- - y m, 