W OMAN'S 152 intellectual facuitief', and that to the material benefit of her offspring, without being 1 1 would stigmatised as stroDg-mindebe a poor specimen of a man who would woman, if permitted prefer a the term, which is only opposite to the other, wo should be allowed to express our opinions, and have a perfect right to those opinions, providing wo- bring argu- i 11 1L !. mem. ail raenx to Dear in supportt oi ll ima can be done and still make home the most attractive place to our husbands. We would repeatthat we don't wish, I say we, for I know it would meet with a hearty response In the hearts of all the ladies present, to put the rights of the sterner sex in the shade, but simply to claim that woman was created for a nobler purpose than devoting all her time to common drudgery; and all the compensation for this is our husband's protection. Now, wo do not wish to scorn their protection, in fact, we would hardly like to confess how highly we prize it; all we wish is to claim it from an intelligent standpoint. True, they are all willing to concede to us the right to marry, and sometimes I am tempted to think that they are prompted to that from selfish motives, namely self.com fort. Perhaps they would like to argue that point. The ladies of Utah have sent in a petition to the Legislative Body now assembled, praying the passage of a bill, or some enact ment, that will remove tin; obstacle now in the way of woman holding oflice. Now, that wo hold as one of woman's rights, providing she is as well qualified, and has as large a brain as her contestant for that office, and the same compensation I consider her right for the performance of I hat trust. The uumarried ladies and widows of Idaho Territory are allowed to vote for School Trustees, or anything pertaining to school Interests, and we hope that the full d. weak-minde- d T ,' - . . . . L. M. day. Hart. AN ADDRESS. Concluded. of St Louis, were sent as delegates to the Assembly to present arguments in favor of amendments, giving the light of suffrage to women. They were courteously received mankind The coming woman will he no masculine femininity or the opposite,but with greater physical vigor of finer fiber, she will bring melting tenderness, mental force, and moral rectitude such as our country vainly sighs for elsewhere. - loving,-home-keepin- g and drunkeness from the polls, and that the be3t classes of women lake an interest in the elections without creating a ripple in tho home circle. ' As a temperance measure the same high authority considers the ballot in woman's hand indispen-Blblare-banish- ed o. : i - The able minority report of Senators Hoar, Mitchell ana Cameron may be regarded a.-a very marked indication of the progress of our work. There is no shutting your eyes to the truth, that the thinking women of America, from A bagail Adams, of nearly a hundred years ago, down are not satisfied withThe old order of things, but insist that the very spirit of our so palled free institutions, demands for our sex, perfect equality without which is mockery to talk of a free country or a free people. Twenty years ago the enthusiastic Abolitionist who predicted the emancipation of the colored men on this continent, in less than a decade, was considered insane and today many of you may think the cause I advocate equally hopeless, but I a infirmly convinced, that tho dawn of the new century will find the question settled and woman clothed with the full powers, and privileges of citizenship. You men of Holt County, will soon havo an opportunity to place yourselves on record. See to it that you come with clean hands, clear heads,and pure motives to try our ease, remember we can really do nothing without your assistance and if you use the reason God has given you, to weigh and measure our claim?, you mutt see that only one course is open to you. Mothers train your sons to feel that their first vote will be but another blow for your enfrauehisment. Teach our daughtera to struggle now, and forever for the God given right, to life liberty and the pursuit of happiness in her own way, bearing in mind that we can have no power to protect ourselves from unjust taxation, or unequal laws, until we have our political disabilities removed. We can never realize the full idea of a representative government, while such women as Maria Mitchell the astornomer or Anna Dickenson the orntor, may be represented by a bundle of newly arrived foreign ignorance, or a drunken negro outvotes the queen of the rostrum, and so on down to the millions of quiet home loving vomen who want a voice at same law which holds oceans in its bed, and planets in their courses will inspire those two mysterious sovereigns wo call man and woman to transact their gayest, and gravest affairs with no jar or hurt,but mutual benefit to each other and ierpetual help to all last session.sevcral women, and listened to. Several gentlemen spoke In support of their arguments. Among the number, Major Merwin, editor of the American Journal of Education and Rev. Dr. Eliot, of St. Loui-- , President of the Washington University. Lust winter Congress recived petitions for a 16th Amend, merit to the Constitution, giving the ballot to women, signed by tens of thousands of tione3t and intelligent women from every state in the Union and they were not all sour old maids, eitherbut most of them mothers. For over four years tho women of Wyoming have voted, and tho experiment seems to be attended with no startling result, Judge Kingman says, That since the women ote in Wyoming that rowdyism P O N EN T least on the whiskey question. That the revolution we ask for, will bring some changes no one can doubt, but knowing in whom, and what they have believed new seas of agitation can have no perils for those who sail by the compass of truth. The Last winter the legislature of Massachusetts passed a bill allowing women to vote on school questions and already, thousands of the best and most intelligent women in that state are registering, and many have already assisted at school elections. In the Mo. Legislature E X " Then friends of the sterner sex, read and ponder well, before you cast your vote on this great question and give us a fair ver. 'diet. We are not trying to buy, or beg or steal your influence, but as you already enjoy the highest privileges of citizenship, we ask you not to perpetuate our 8uhjection,through wilful ignorance. pos-sess'an- d (Swxes&yt to & Steam Fitter Tinner, Gas, Water AO FOB EST RUEISEY'S CELEBRATED LIFT AKD FORCE PUMPS. Pnnxps Repaired on short notice. aarOMers from the country promptly respbnped Address, David James, Box F. AUERBAGlT& BROTHER, 55 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. lve hundred pi?co9 of Dn-K.Good, Rrabrold rie, Ituch" Five Hundred pairs Kid Glides, Ladies pp. Ties, Cu I auCoilars wo Cartoon, ol Trimmings. Uiboous. Wholesale Millinery stock in the West. Notions Largest 8 306, tewt Salt Lake City. RQMM1IA B. PRATT, rnsiciArj and suRQEorj, OFFICEUp siiars, in Old Constitution Builc'n?, Evidence b!i blocks east of Post Offioe, south side of street. turfy baa been given to Obstetrics, diseases of Women, and -- DISEASES of the EYE AND EAR A STOCK LAR-- tl iF HOME MADF TRTJ KS for sale by J0FIN C. CT'T ) LRLC tbf PliOVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old As-eiit- Constitution Building, alto IIoiHe-Mu- Brown Tarn, Wh'tt Ta ns, Blankets, 8hiwJ$, Liust'j's, olnrt-- ( Tarns, d Tweeds, Palace vf Fashion, No. C. m&. Desires the of Salt ladles East Temple Street, 17 DYE E- I de Cotton Battiae, Wool Uattiujf, Bro 'ins, Washboards, Brushes, tc. Culmerea. Jtaus, aie and those visiting' Con- ference to eal! a- ber show room and see her new stock of MILL'NKKY The latent and m(Mt styliab mods of in Straw, Felt aud VeL eu Al..anic Hatband eiecu n m Mower-- Feathers, P ushes, Velvet aud - ! -- Kib-bu- I p; a wuri 'j trie at-?- call l I if iu.rantjKfc d, u- srmdts and strip- - Country ataUrs, Hair work m all its branches. Good z. a. I. HUE.. Wholesale and lie tali Dealing in all kinds of DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, J IEA VY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, AGRICULTURAL 1MPLEMNETS, &c. JrF TEASDEL'S nui; h.lLl CITY. Bpecial depai linen ta for tieniV .Clothing anil Carpal Ln4iHf nd CblMrvnV (Shoes,-DrGoods, Shawls acd Domestic, 'Hardware and Grocerite, Btovca. DHlD FRUiTS of ail CLASES WANTED. FRENCH HAIR STORE. o Ladies are requested to call and examine the most of Curia, Braids, Switches, Etc complete assortment Prict-s- . at htxiuc-eAll kluda of Hair Wr rk made up in the meet Artistic etj le. asb paid for Human Hair and Combing- JOSEPHINE GUEGORY, Salt Lak City. w Kifoball Block. d HAVE YOU THE NKVV rafflsswii F not ji u fhould do at nce, ard examine the New ldta- in --'ewini? Mcchine Coaitrucilon The N'e Machine i eh'rsut in appfai&uce and admirable m opera In n, rut s very and w.tbontany no!ie aiaconfu-h- i I' in, a;tu urb the rale of tped 1b very high"f tprlngi threaoiDR bu'lle, and ttm-ncfcHtiDj Rf.d erd c k reLdet s It both rimp!e and durable. BeB"reto i;& renerai aavaiitaifea will make you itafrlend. hte it, III. Victor Machino T 1 f--o - ilf aij - e fr Co,, Chicago, Sewing . S3i. NEW FALL STOCK. Mitchell A Jawesj II. Affenl, m U Labe ltj. DltrWOODBY. WTTOLK3ALK AND RRAfL DEALER ITf FURNITURE 8 Pill NO BED WIRE MATTRESSES . Feathers Wall Paper A B Y GARB I A G ES. S. L, C South 75, 77, & 79 AND First St., 