ON THE WING. nay uncle Editor Exponent:, You will doubtles wonder why I have remained quiet so long. Tho multiplicity of labor fa my excuse,since I have been here in Philadelphia I have engaged early and lato attending lectures at the Woman's Medical College and studies connected therewith have engrossed my every thought. I have listened with labored attention and took notes during the entire Lectures of the eight different Professors during the Fall and Winter Session which has just closed. To write rapidly seven hours a day after a lecture is a labor of both body and mind. Now as each student anxiously waits the greeting of home friends they part with many of their class mates forever. I like others look forward to the time of meeting my boy and sister in Illinois and still more remote my home and.friends in Utah where the moat of the laborspf my life have been, and among the people with whom my future hopes and prospects are blended. I am proud that I have an interest with as noble men and women as history can boast; that have and are valiantly fighting for the truth. When I read the address of C. W. Penrose before the House of Representatives I felt to say as other Ladies here did "that they could vote for sncb a man," indeed 1 felt that such a man deserves from each woman an hundred votes. I have come for a purpose and I intend to accomhow,the best way plish it when, where-anI can, which the future will decide by the aid of that divine influence which all saints should by guided by in every pursuit of life. The Latter day Saints sometimes express themselves that they wanted weeks to ac- ben d complish the labor of a day. It seems as though my experience here has been the same. Tho labor of months is rushed upon usJn the Lecture of one hour. My attention is now directed to Ann Arbor which I shall visit enroute to Illinois and shall mall this letter there, to you. While I pen this I am now by steam power rushing over the road that a tew years ago, took hours to travel a its number, distance that now requires just so many minutes. There my pencil has been stopped while we were driven with all speed in dense darkness through a tunnel which I should judge a mile or so in length. Tho guide post says we are 105, miles east of Pittsburg. What does all this haste portray to a reflecting mind, if the reader would know, read Joel and the ninth Chapter of Micah ; and be convinced. When I went to Philidelphia 1 traveled by tho way of the Great Lakes. I visited the Exposition at Chicago which was a Water.falls and all magnificent affair. kinds of machinery of modern invention, from the reaper and threshing machines to the manufacturing of childrens toys, the baking of pies and cakes all this wasibeing conducted by steam. . -- 1 must not stop here but ask you to follow me on to the greatest natural curiosity ot North America the Niagara Falls which has been so many tihies described that my description would not give you an additi-tionidea of its grandeur. I paid twenty-liv- e Jcents for entering the enclosure and another twenty. five' to view the Grand Art Gallery, before I had iime to get half way round I was told it was time to close of course they were not interested in how much I saw, but lit how much they could is life, pay your money and get getSuch its worth if you can. Now I will give you a glimpse of my childhood's home as 1 arrive the town ot Gerry Chatauqua Co. N. Y. al 0 BrCFieldjmothor's onlyjbrother takes me in his can lage to the two farms which looked small and diminutive of 150, Acres compared tothe open broad prairies of "the west. The barn was the only remains of the buildings In the grave yard not a stone to show tho resting place of my kind-dre- d of 35 years ago. I saw two or threo disinterested persons that I once saw in my, childhood; the school house was gone. I must hurry past this scene. The place seemed deserted, not the thrift and improvements of other places. Even the old pine stumps that would not decay were pulled up by machinery and were used to fence some of the farms with their wide spreading roots extending 20 or 30, feet into tho air, rather rural looking to be sure. The home3 many of them have the same old f: Htyle of 30 years ago one and half story framed clapboarded aud painted white with out a porch. But the Cemetery which, my uncle superintends, where lie the remains of my aunt and cousin3, is beautiful beyond description, decorated with evergreens trained and trimmed in every conceivable manner. Now we will pass on to Philadelphia, in 1877 the population of this city was over, G21022, as one passes through the city in the street cars you got an impression that the houses are mostly made of brick and all of one pattern, from three to four stories high and white window Dllnds and 4 or 5, white marble steps. The front of each house being wide enough to admit of one narrow front room and ball the rest of the room is found back and up two and three flights of stairs which must be moro or less ascended and deceuded any time tho front door bell rings which requires an extra pair of shoes, and double supply of r muscle. Every morning you will see the ladies out washing the white marble step3 and the brick walk the width of their own house. These white steps and white blinds give the city such a clean appearance. You only know one street from another by i A rich man builds,not one, home but one side of the block to rent after one pattren hence the sameness. Coal is furnished the poorer class by the basket full every morning. Trade is conducted in many of the out shops on a small scale. I saw one woman purchase one egg at the rate of 20 cents per doz. en another a fourth of a pound of butter at 30 cents per pound. I must tell you I have not eaten a good potatoo since I left Utah, the country does not produce them and the poor variety it does produce is sold by th j half peck 13 cents. Hero now we arrive at Pittsburg, what a contrast from the.above. Tho houses are smoky, dirty, black, gloomy and it seems as though a good many more adjectives would not half express the dirty faces of the workmen and appearance of the city. Now wo are abreast of the Ohio River 25 years ago I sailed down it with my fatner's family of which only three of the seven are now living. We ascend lo the north of the state and along Lake Erie the country is not so broken as through the state of Pennsylvania and the farms and residences appear pleasant and very inviting. There I cculd only get my trunk checked for Detroit and injthe hurry of changing cars in the night have left it, and so I must see the conductor and have it forwarded. As I go northward in Michigan tho homes are more scattered and places le3S improved. I have not seen a horse, or a cow, the whole distance only as attached to a team, Ann Arbor, Michigan, Saturday morning March 7th. Now here, the two friends are lost in the arms of each other. My , dear friends ifjyou have ever experienced a de privation of alL association for the same u. ancrth nf flnriA vnn Mn waII onnron!aA feelings of each. Miss Mattie Paul seems happy. Not quite so rosy as when she .left home but her untiring energy and perseverance srpeak well for her future prospects. I thought I was self sacrificing but when one of her years and experience has endured so bravely the absence of a mother and home ties, I can only say she has my approval and I trust the approbation of her many friends. I will visit the College here. and to as write more I have more say and more time to say it. With compliments and respects to yourself and friends. E. 8. Barney--. to-morr- March 7th, 1880- mm r IQl m HOME AND REFORM. Many are the subjects which have been discussed, to bring about a general reform or to improve the moral status of the civil, ized world, especially among the American people of whose soaring ambition, the Eagle is the emblem. Lean back in your chair, dear reader and with your mind's eye, take a glance at the political world of to dayn What is it? It looks like a huge body of waters foaming, frothing and boiling over- - embodying the wildest passions with the nobie3t impulses; the basest corruption xalling .forth the., utmost efforts of the few honest gallant patriots, who like Washington have it at heart, to steer the nation to safety. Freedom! Independence! Equality! are divers cries, uttered with divers motives; some individuals trying to establish fair play and peace, others concealing under the mantle of patriotism and religion their self, ishnesa and greed Clamoring for office and high positions,not because of any desire to do good to their1 fellow beings, but to fatten themselves ott the nation's life blood. Will ever this strife be abated and subdued ? Not until the social v structure is remodelled and built upon true and sound principles. Home, or the family circle, is the foundation of Society, of Kingdoms and Republics. Build the family relationship upon truth, honesty and thorough confidence, arm it with prudence and industry, andits.mem-ber- s will set forth, prepared to withstand the temptations and, allurements to be met . with in political life. f A century ago, when the fear of God and industry were the rule; and levity, indolence and extravagance the exception, confidence prevailed in gociaLand political circles. Now prudence and frugality are derided by the majority, and. extravagance and pride are tjie order, of the day. Home the social, demoralization.. Young men and maidens whose heart are filled with love for your, country, and whose noble desire is to see our glorious flag untarnished; this much .wished for re form may begin with you I Leaving the follies and giddy pastimes thatare now fashiqnahle for the young; choose your partners in Ufe, among the God fearingfl active, and industrious of your acquaintance, lay a firm , and sure foundation for your future career while you are ful of hope, and vigor, , Shun, ease and extravagance as unholesbme to moral health,, the result wjli ,be self respect , and consciousness .of haying'; :pui phe!':.8oand spoke In the social and political wheeL T ru-gali- ty , 4 ; . , . . ' t : ' . 1 E. C.I E. F. ... - Insults are like counterfeit money; 'they . bnt you need not take may be offered " . them. 1 . - 