WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE LOVED AND LOST. The loved andlo3tl Wby do we "Call them, lost? Becausa we miss them f rbm iour on ward road? God's tinseea ansrel o'er oar path wax erostt Looked on us all and loving them the most Straightway relieved them from life's weary load. They are not lost; they are wlthia the door That shuts out loss, and every hurtful thin? With angels bright, aud loved oues gone before In their Redeemer's presence evermore, And God Himself, their Lord, and Judge and fclng And this we call a loss! 0 selfish sorrow Of selfish hearts! Q we of little faith; Let us look round, argument to borrow Why we in patience should await the morrow That surely must succ eod this nif ht of death, : Aye, look upon this dreary desert path, The thorns and thistles whereso'er we turn; What trUls and what tears,what wrongs and wrath. What struggles and what strife the journey hath! They have escaped from these; and lo! we mourn. Ask the poor sailor, when the wreck Is done , Who with his treasures strove the shore to reach While with the raging waves he battled on, W&s it not joy, where every ioy seemed gone, To see his loved ones landed on the beach? . A poor wayfarer, leading by the hand . A little child, had halted by the well To wash from off her feet the clinging sand, " " Aa1 tell the tired boy of that bright land to Where,this long journey paet.they longed dwell, Wfcea lo! the Lord, who many mansions haS, near and looked upon the suffering twain, Then pitying sp ake, "Give me the little lad; 1n strength renewed, and glorious beauty clad, I'll bring him with me when I come agrin " . . Did she make answer selfishly and wrong Nay, but the woes I feel be, tooi must share!" Or rather, bursting into grateful eong, She went her way rejoicing, and made strong Tu struggle on, since he was freed from care. do likewise, death hath made no breach In love and sympathy, in hope and trust," No outward sign or sound our ears can reach, But there's an Inward, spiritual speech That greets us still.though mortal tongues be dust Wo will It bids us do the work that they down-T- ake up the song where they broke off the strain; journeying till we reach the heavenly town, Whare are laid up our treasures and our crown, And our lost loved ones will be found again, r CHARLOTTE BRONTE. ' BY HANNAH T. KING. No woman's library can bo complete without the life of "Currer Bell," her nom tie plume; or, indeed, without her works, Jase, Eyre especially but "Shirley" and "Vilette" are as' dear to me, and in my estimation are as valuable Both as an author and as a woman, as a daughter, a sister, a friend, in all these complex, relative positions Charlotto Bronto stands out in bold relief as an exemplar to be loved, admired, respected and exalted. Her life must be read with intenso interest and sympathy. -- . and were singularly afflicted. Their father was a clergyman or tue cnurcn or .England, Rector of Hawarth, Yorkshire, England, and as we catch glimpses of his character, hci8eems in the main to have been a good man j his afflictions wero heavy, and that may form some excuso for what I cannot but call an obtuso mind, for it seems such a gifted family as he possessed would have called out any paternal soul to tho highest, exeition and enthusiasm. 1 merely allude to this, to show that the life of his gifted daughter was an early sacn Gee to the heavy load she had through all her life to carry, augmented by this inertia, fie also was not fond of children, and did not like to be intruded uporijby them; ho was devotedly attached to his wife, and was ever kind and ; upon herself to become the and fulfilled this holy office till the last child had passed awTay. Her life was one long scene of harassing trials, of wearing responsibilities, sorrows and cares, till her own life was yielded in the martyrdom of child-mothe- r, maternity, within the year of her marriage, after seeing every member of her family (except her father) pass away. I feel that much that her works contain were the scenes of her own life. They were a highly and singularly gifted family,' even as little children; they knew no life of childhood they were matured by early, family sorrows, by the long illness of their mother, and by the strong love and unity that bound them as little creatures to each other with a tenacity that was wonderful, and this lasted through their lives. And here is where my complaint comes in against her father. When Charlotte had developed into the gifted and accomplished author, when she had established herself as an oracle for the women of this generation, that she must still be the drudge, as it were, of the domestic circle; but after all, this sho W8 out the grandeur of her character. She was a complete business woman, which her letters testify. I remember when ''Jane Eyre" appeared there was a perfect furore among all the reading classes; - the character was so new, so so prompt and decided, yet withal so womanly but such a woman as had not appeared in any book yet written, that a new phase was opened to the attributes and capabilities of woman. It portrayed her standing alone, marking out her own destiny, and carrying it out in her development, Had she been watched and cared for she might have been a shining light In all that concerns the progressing life of woman. But I would eay to my readers, take h or life and study it carefully, for there is everything in it that can exalt a woman, and not moving one step out of her own sphere, yet shedding a light and a glory upon it that all would do well to imitate. Her "Jane Eyre," "Shirley" and Lucy Snowe," are Indeed model women; they are not finely spun, tinseled characters, but women that in tho course of our lives we havo seen glimpses of sufficient to glvQ us an assurance that these are taken from the life and not from the imagination, and we rise from the perusal stronger, brighter, better, and with a determination that we will take them as our models, and more especially she who was the living oracle. Read her life one scene of schooling, of severe trials, and yet out of it rose the author, the accomplished writer for women of the 19th century. Charlotto Bronto is immortal, on earth and in heaven. ( self-relian- to-da- laid So 4 attentive to her. This : lady died young, leaving five little motherless children, Charlotte beingr the eldest; she. at once took ligent, pure and true, but I would have them fill tho places designed for them by their Creator, for there I think they can do the most good, and exert the greatest in. fluence., I would have them in Homks, as wive3 and mothers, and let no one think it not a hisrh and holy office to be a Mother; to ttain the little ones in paths of truth; and rierht. lead them on to virtue, guide the not. but press onto footatem so the the markof their high calling. Oh is it not an important thing to train an immortal mind teach it to think and act and then send it forth to do good for all coming time? v-falt- .'Tisaliolywork,'lis God's work' tis woman's or work and for this will be given a crown glorious immortality. Through life she may have borne many ills, they may have been full of care and labor, yet when she draws near to the end when Earth and . ' Oh then,she will feel that she has performed faithfully the work of her Maker, that she has endeavored to be true to the position God placed her in when He created her wo-man. God grant that every woman may take her proper sphere in me, oraveiy, oear u on triumphantly and feel to exclaim Blessed Yes, thrice blessed be wtfmanl and heaven be praised for this precious boon, of being, a Woman, a Wife, and a Mother. ' CORRESPONDENCE. t, y Mrs. Wells: ve&v WOMAN'S SPHERE. Where is the true Sphere of Woman Is a question that is agitating the public mind not a little well if after careful, prayerful, honest considerations any woman think, she can do the. most good to humanity gen-ral- ly by entering the Lecture field, the Pulpit or any of the avenues of life usually filled by men, if I say, she Is convinced, that here lies her life's work then I say to her but bo very careful my Sister and search well your own heart, let it be a love of notoriety, publicity and even money that leads you forth in this direction. No, no I would not havo women dead heads I would havo them educated intel God-Spee- d w bister w since very much in visiting, with Sisters Bean , Thurber and Hunt; the settlements of Bend, where was organized a Relief Society and a Primary Association; Salina, . 11-l- jrrx m ary auu r ar Dujt f ABauwauoa; mond. whereTwag oranizd a -- aim ow ixi Primarv Nowly returned from the was in a enod condition tn an. I preciate meeting with tho Saints and witnessing the labors of our sisters in their callings. I recognize in theso organiza-tion- s great good for Israel. Hoping' that the Lord may bless you and all who labor for Zion, is the desire of your Association. cold world. : er, co-labor- book-characte- rs . er Tr ...... Z W. H. r - ;r Seqmiller. Mrs Duniway says: Twenty-fiv- e years would not have it been ago possible for any , woman to become the principal in a public school; and any woman who presumed to aspire to such a position was as loftily sneered at by silly and ignoraftt opponents of woman's enfranchisement, which alone opened the way, as sho herself now affects to sneer at women who are removing further obstacles in their way. Washington, 23. Mrs. Wallace, of Indiana; Lucinda B. Chandler, Pennsylvania; Biisan B. Anthony, and other delegates to the Woman's Suffrage Association, made before the Senate arguments In favor of tho Sixteenth ment to the Constitution, to eafranchlse woman. In our dreama tun w uutKii)i uuiaciycs tho theatre, the actor and beholder. Mys. teriously wo converse with beings of our own creation. How. vividly the scenes pass by, reflecting on tho glowing fields of mind ! Heraclltas says, "when we are awake, we .Jiyojlke .others Ja one common worid,when we sleep each has a world of his own. to-da- y com-'..jiiitt- - ; R.R. G. ee, 