fioii&made batter, honeys culled from tho; fs wee is otm wers, ipure, :parkljj watrr, t r la faXO?1)t'iM' babei Tho 1 arm-chai- the xneetaii fire.iwith1a;coi9y look of lntltatlbn forsoinV loved brie j noto the feipectabt look of ttfatf neatly dressed moth, Hr&wn id er, tfro little onek asking th'eprattlof cornel What a of father will spirit1 j, and parity ervades the wholel t Hark 4 when peace a heavy tread is heard on the graveled ialk, a hand is laid on.the door, it open4 Mfid "the little ones are caught to ! ; T father's breast. See the tear in the mother's eye, the happy smile on her face, and tell me if this is not a true picture of a woman wbo has the rights most congenial, and vho fully understands hr mission. r ' '"iJ ; f ! ! ; M. Elizabeth Little, would express her to sentiments i people who could j see the cause as &he did. Butwho would carry out the plan? l No one seemed willing to un-dertake the task. When asked by the kifag who would take lead in tho engagement and give ofders, the reply carne that she would. Ho accordingly fitted her out, and the result is recorded on history's pages. We read that heri parents were ..devotional people, and taught her to reverence her Maker; and when only a child, as she retired for prayer she would frequently 'hear delightful music in the air, and listen; With rapture and delight to tho" same. She seemed filled with inspiration and love for her country, with a strong desire to save it. Thi3 sheaccompiished, by the help of Provi- At different times she Since the abilities of woman have been .agitated' it has caused' many reflections to arise in my tnind; and more especially slnco I heard this question given for debate. "Is it right for woman to vote?" I was struck With astonishment. Thif privilege has been Saint women for fifty granted us Latter-dayears, or at least ever since the rise of the Church, and for ten years we have had ponow the question litical suffrage.' arises, is It right? i:I conclude it came from the unthinking part of society those who have never weighed the subject The Scrip. Ame Mysr '.the noan is not without the of the wbma Lord." And if created In the image of God, how could she be companionable without Intelligence? Accordingly she must 1 5 y ''.-An- d wo-man- ir possess this equality; or did bur Father be. queath this gift to, His sons only? If so, what kind of posterity will they raise? I object td this Idea, realizing that we are beloved by our Father equally to themselves; unless they keep His commands better. MucK might be said upon this subject, bat to illustrate the subject briefly, we will refer to Josephine, the wife of Napoleon Bbnapartol What did her intellect do for him? Her motives7 were righteous, and She was womanly in all her efforts to establish him in the hearts of his contrymen, by pointing out worthy objects of charity in their realm, which would have passed unnoticed but for her. Bonaparte, through her influence; established and endowed a school for the education of those children whose fathers lost their lives in his service. Josephine herself purchased a mansion in Mai maison, and had 1 1 elegan tly fitted u p for Bonaparte on his return from Switzerland. Her constant anxiety for his happiness may continually be seen, but I forbear. ' Finally he decided that he must have an heir to the throne; a divorce must be given. After listening to the request, Josephine remarked: "Napoleon, my Star is of a high order as well as your own; when It is removed your's will fade." We will briefly state that ho lived to realize this, and became an exile on the island of St. Helena. Yet her true womanly nature continued to feel for his interest, and she would gladly have shared his trials even In exile, and wrote a letter to that effect But if I mistake not, a rapid disease released her spirit from earth, before an answer came.' We learn from history that France was saved by a woman at two different periods "in 'its history. The Maid of Orleans, Joan D'Arc, when only seventeen years old had wisdom given hero conquer the English troops, and place the king upon his throne, after he had beet a refugee for three months. : " '"f'"" I "mTm ""A." "K ' S- T- -i- 1 i I Successor to Mitchell 5 . innor, Gas; Water Jawes.) ' &. & Steam fitter 1 ; -- Orders from the country promptly responped term 'Addres. David fame, Box 308, Salt Lake City. ROMAIilA B. PRATT. rn'2'siciArj AsiB ctrnaiiorr, vOFFIOE Op etjars, la Old Constitution, Bullu'n, Ilop1dnce six blocks east of Post Office, touth side of : street ' . pecl41 -- WomnAnd tuay na betsu given to ODstetrics, dlseaaea of IISE ASES of the EYE ure ; , IiO FORCE PU IPS. Pumps Impaired on short notle. R0!3SEY'S CELEBRATED UFT dence and the intelligence He gives to thoo lovo and intensity Iu a who have worthy pursuil.. Shall we forget the r da.ugl texof. a Senator of France, who would go to listen to the speeches of the Senate? At this time Mural was resolved upon revolutionizing France,? and had already beheaded some of her .nobles. The' soul of Charlotte Corday, a'name well known to fame, was fired at the bloody She several times deeds of that man. asked her father is there no one who can kill that man?" There seemed to be none. She finally resolved to take the work in her her own hands. She went ip his house, should-be found him sick; dona with some individuals she named, she received the reply, "They shall die." She then stabbed him. She remained motionless upon the spot, and when told she should die, replied, "I expect that She to was taken the tower, and while ou her way there the cry came, "Take her to the tower! take her to the tower!" She calmly bowed her .head, saying: "I am going thi'the!r.,,r She had previously written to her lather, asking his forgi veness for taking this step, without his consent But this put an end to the rebellion. , I admit, iheae were extreme cases. Yet I ana sure .ITwoman. will give her attention to,W0f thy pursuits and desire light from the fountain, even from our Heavenly Father, sh e will be qual i fled to fill nobl e positions upon the earth, and :ba a blessing to society, as well as her brother- man. Let this be our aim, and our Father in heaven will accomplish all that is necessary for us. This is the faith of your sister in the Gospel, a-p- WOMAN " 'A" I : A LARGE A m STOCK EAR , MADP TRUNKS for iaie by JOHN C. CUT. ) IjER, Ajreotof h PEOVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old " P"HOM Constitution IluWins, Ii'.ankf ts, . Fiduuets, 81i iwls, uUso Brown Yarn, WWte Ya us, rolored Yarn3, Oassl meres. Cotton Bdttir. Wool Batting, Tveeda, JBrushes, dc. 1'ashion, No. Palace Home-Mad- o 17 Bro.ms, washboards, ast Temple Street. mmi .cTedye Salt take ' Desires the ladlee of and thoae visiting to call at ber show rooms and eee ber new 8 took of MILLftSEItr The latest and mmi sty llsh modt of Hus aud Uonnets in 8traw, Pelt and Velvet. AU a mce u in Klowere Feathers, Pmshea, Velvet and la the :attt shades and stripfg Country dealers, ladled' fciair work in-all Its branches. Good plvase call wors (jfuaranteed. - Con-fere- uc Hib-ho- na O. 2&. 25. Wnolesale and Retait Deallnjr DRY I. GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, HEAVY AND StfELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMNETSy Ac. A T TEASDEL'S LAUE CITY. hALl Rpeclal departments for Gent's Clothing aua Cttrpete, Laiies and CbUdrtsir; Bhnea, I)ry GooUa; 8hawJs and Domt-stjc- . s Hardware" GrdCtTks, DHI ED FRUiTS of a!i and CUSES Btoveg. WANTED. - . Salt Lako City, March 5, 1880. Mbs. Belva A. Leckwood, the lawyer who was admitted to practise before the Supremo Court in Washington has been elected a member of the Central Republican Committee of the District of Columbia, Friday, March 5, Senator Thurman reported back to the Senate, from the Judi ciary Committee, the petition of the Ladies y Society, Salt Lake City, which asked for the expulsion of the' Hon. George Q. Cannon. The Committee asked to be discharged from the further consideration of the petition, which was granted Anti-Polygam- them. NEW FALL STOCK. F. AUERBACH& BROTHER, 55 East Templb Street, Salt Lake City! ive bund red pieces of Drees Good ' Embroldt rles,' Ruch Ties, Cy I auCollarfe, 100 Cartoona ol Kjboons. Mi,111"ry Stock iu the Weau Notions n!6!.1010 FRENCH STORE. "Ladles are requested to call and examine the most of Curls, Braids, Switches, Etc complete assortment Prlei-s- . at Ueduced All Jdnds of Hair Work1 made up in the ' meet Artistic style. ?ash paid tor Human Hair and Combing. JOSEPHINE GREGORY, W Kimball Block. Salt Lake City. HAVK YOU- SEEN THE NEW - HI! SMI IU1I not yu should dn so at nce tI If Jdeav'in Machine fewiog1 Macbliie is elf rant In appf-atanc- e and examine tbeNew The Ne Coastructlon and admtrabjd in opera- tion, ruos rcjry asiiy and w tbont tiny noise atdonfu--plwa!thfiujh the rate of ;s pef-- is very hlh H sett st itlug and tf If threading iiu'lle, and absence of Bprinjrs durable. Besre to ntd cvs rocdes i? both inlple-an- d we It, fv.-- lia rueral advantaifts will make you Its friend, n, r Victor Sewing MaclMe: Co., Chicago, O, Ji. Aittttt, Halt ,belty. 1!!. L. DI2rW003DE3"3r- WHOLXSAIJi AHI RETAIL DKALXR 1W - FURNITURE SPRING BEDS1, WIRE MATTRESSES. Bagp er V..j B J A G1 E Fea thers Wall and A B Y 75,77, & 79 G A Pirat Bouth St., S. L. 0 