WOMAN'S EXPONENT. were also witnesses of thacijf.; Mr wife Son of Man.' the signs of the coming of the beheld in The next night similar scenery was the west by the neighbors, representing armies of men who were engaged in battle." My parents had never professed any religion until about three weeks previous' to hearing this Gospel, they joined the Baptist Church; but as soon as they heard the principles of Mormonism declared by some Elders who came that it contained the fulness flf the everlasting Gospel; and that they had only received a part. Father says: "Brighani Young and myself were constrained bv the spirit to bear testimony of the truth which we had heard, and when we did this the from Pennsylvania, they felt "Upon power of God rested upon us." one occasion Father John Young, Brigham, Joseph and myself had gathered together to vet some wood for we Phineas H. Young; while were thus engaged we were pondering upon had been told to us by the Elders, and upon the Saints gathering to Zion; and the glory of God shone upon us, and we saw the gathering of the Saints to Zion and the glory that would rest upon them, and many more things connected witli that great event, such a3 the sufferings and persecutions which would come upon the people of God, and the the things which calamities and judgments which would come upon the world. These things caused such great joy to spring up in our bosoms that we were hardly able to contain ourselves; and we did shout aloud, 'Hosanna to God and the Lamb!' These things increasing our desires to hear more, I took my horses and sleigh and started for Columbia Bradford County, Pennsylvania distance one hundred and twenty-fiv- e miles; Brigham and Phineas Young and their wivea went along with me. "We stayed -- with them. This alarmed the professing world aiuuuu ua, auu raiseu in uevu to a great rage; Still our minds were calm and filled with peace) 'while the wrath of our enemies was .raised to such a degree that they persecuted us. During one week some of those who had professed to be my greatest friends in the Baptist Church, and others, persecuted me to such a degree that five or six executions were taken out against me, and I turned out proDerty to secure the same to their great disappointment; God having opened my way so that I obtained money to pay all my debts and liberate myself from tljem, so that none of my property was sold, at auction. In the mean time, during my greatest trouble not one of them was willing" to step forward to assist me, excepting my brethren in the Church and my brother Solomon. May God bless my brethren, and reward those my enemies according to their works. "September 18, Bro. Brigham Young's wife, Miriam, having 'been feeble for months, died. In her expiring moments she clapped her hands and praised the Lord; she continued in this happv state, and when her voice was too weak to be heard, her lips and hands were seen moving until she expired. This was another testimony of the powerful effect of the Everlasting Gospel, showing that we shall not In these die, but we shall sleep. afflictions felt to we scenes and other rejoiec in In September, Brothers the Lord. Brigham and. Joseph Young and myself went up to Kirtland, Ohio, in my wagon, to visit the "We saw Brother Jt?ph Prophet. Smith and had a glorious time, during which Brother Brigham spoke in tongues before Joseph, this being the first time that Joseph had heard the- - gift of tongues. He rose up and testified, that the gift na from God, and then the gift fell upon hinand Ire gpoka in tongues himself; he afterwards declared it was the pure or Adamic language which he spoke. We had a precious season, andjeturned with a in. aa?.4Ilpt;jn2nau. bfelssinjf fh om--- -l tnat ajcmi the Lord and bearing testimony spoken from the heavens, and of the things I had received, until I sold mv possessions and settled up mv affairs. In the fall of 1833 I w packed up my goods, took my horses and agon and started for Kirtland, Ohio; but to my great issued attachsurprise, some of my neighbors ments against my goods, although I was not indebted to anv one of them to the value of five cents, for I had been particular in such inmatters, that I was well aware I was not debted in any sum to any person, unless two cents to one man, in a case where change pould not be procured, although there were some hundreds of dollars due me, which I was obliged to leave' uncollected; I settled, their.; unjust claims -- J2dcr Brigham Young and his two children: went with me; we arrived in Kirtland about the last of October or first of November." When we first went there. we lived in a house uncle to belonging to Mr. Elijah , Smithy Mother AVhitney. . In .the' meantime, father built amalt frame:h6use,. which was put up bv carpenter and Uncle Brigham, .who - was joiner, and al a painter and glazier. "Soon alter our arrival ju ivuuuu, for to "VWp'was a contribution tailed; e, 1 finish the wlioolhouse and printing-Officihe louse aruVI gave contHbufed'tW Kundrd dollars for SmiUa Bromyrum the building -- of ,1he Temple. : the were - age4iit;buiWmr-thc:state a t i I' 4; The Church was in , speak in tongues,. interpret and prophesy, which truly caused us to rejoice and praise the Lord. We returned home confirmed in the truth, but were not yet baptized, and as we were on our way we bore testimony to the truth of those "things which we had seen and heard, and to our friends and neighbors; many received our testimony and became members of the Church. April 14, 1832, Brigham Young went forward and was baptized by Eleazer Miller, and the next day Alpheus Gifford came into my shop while I was forming a vessel upon the wheel, and while conversing with me upon the subject "of this work, I said: "Brother Alpheus, I am ready to I arose from go forward and be baptized." ray seat, pulled off my apron, washed my hands I went the and started with him. distance of one mile, where he baptized me in a small stream in the woods. " After I was baptized I kneeled down,' and he laid his hands upon my head and confirmed me a member of the Church of Jesus Christ, and said, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost. And before I got up off my knees he wanted to ordain me an Elder; but I plead with him not tado it, as I felt myself unworthy of such a calling and such an office. In about two weeks my wife was baptized by Brother Joseph Young, vith several others, when wa numbered abput, thirty in that " branch. Under the ordinances of baptism and laying on of hands I received the Holy Ghost as the Disciples did in ancient days, which was likeji consuming fire, and I felt as though I wa clothed in my right mind and sat atUh feet f Jesus. Although the people called me crazy, I. continued in this way for mahymonths, and it seemed as th6ugh my ,Jfiwh irrnl-f tliA Rjtmft time the Scriptures ' were ; unfolded to my mind in ' TOch' a vonderfui )inanner that it appeared to me at times agif' formerly I had. been familiar tfiefr "meetings; heard them- - Joseph was sued before a court magistrate's in Painesville, on"a vexatious suit. I carried him from Kirtland to Painesville, with four or five others, in my wagon, every morning for five days, and brought them back in the evening. We were often waylaid, but managed to elude our enemies by rapid driving and taking different roads. Esquire Bissell defended the Prophet and he came off victorious. .At this time our brethren1 in Jackson County, Missouri, were also suffering reat persecution; about twelve hundred were rtnven, plundered and robbed, their houses burned, and some of the brethren were killed. Mobs were organized around Kirtland, who were enraged against us, ready to destroy lis. Joseph gathered togetlier as many of the brethren as he conveniently could, with what means they xould spare, to go up to Zion to render all the assistance that we could. We gathered clothing and other necessaries to carry up to our brethren and sisters who had been 'plundered, and putting our horses to the wagons and taking our firelocks and ammunition, we started on our journey, leaving only Oliver Cowdery, Sidney Rigdon and a few aged workmen who were engaged at the Temple; so that there were very few men left at Kirtland. Our wagons were about full with baggage, &c, consequently we. had to travel on foot. We Waited on the 5th of May, and truiy th was, a solemn r took leave of my'wife and morning to and friends, not knowing whether I cbilJ" would Kee them again in the flesh, as myself and brethren were threatened both in that country and in Missouri fy enemies, that they would us and exterminate ii3 from the laiid." dtroy ! gl?x .VP mciVM KM comnoanomein. w; Mfii-At't- lie I be 'ould - . time our envies were thA Tumble .t, r . aesxrucu raemeadf ihreauainnitrht'afler dffhtiand tiifVW for To be Continued.,,, : A FOOLS FANCY. He had a pretty thorough knowledge Of human nature who wrote, "A person who is not a fool half the time is &' fool nil the time.' This to saying that the people of res3S& world the are,, consuluttiaffig fools, for the reason that, no one is to be found who will admit that hu ia . a fool Wf the time, and when he is unwilling to make such an admission the inference is that he is a fool ail the time. It is an apparently extravagant idea, and much in ft. In a feeling of the subjime jet has with w Wch all are periodically yeflected, charity when referring in the patronfalng especially the wise ones of the world are which with spirit blessed to the shortcomings of an individual, it is customary to perpetrate the ange!iotexpres-Bio- n while "Ah, well! we all haveis our fauJts,'V tone of the remark the which made, in air the than manner whole say the plainer and voice words: "I salt this, out of, the goodness of my of full goul, but candMly and with a I doknowledge believe not the weight of the expression, shortcomings; and if 1 I ever had any such never have them again. had I am certain I will of sense humility haying come A momentary over me. I admitl amoneof the fools in this world, of whom there are so few and vet. wV multitude. UnUl lately, lha4 an Weath. the intellect of the world was pretty evenly fhvwea ophi-io- n among the people hving inlt, but kfllenl -- a.iV T.Vlfc ocksin our arms to preserve Brother Josenh's . . -i . . - life and our own, i i ,- ate posseVmenow. . ; licmeu natur .hSthrougb, domgrog you propriety, unmitigated Wi iU or the act was proper or boat the publlc.man, intellectual there is .Of a 1 fool., renounced i nre nretty venjy HJcn : juy 'ffviir of one oi . . coursej, " 1 anl vprv de- iiicvfrj vir J ta&-- at the argument WJ w w rsong,, wno axe , vtxrv fftW geconds that you H : . : ; -- - t . it. i til i I:';-:..-'- . f.1 lie wisne- ! i 