WOMAN'S EXPONENT. LEAVES AND FLOWERS. WILP-WOO- P 'tis but poor showing Dear leaves and blossoms, hand ruthless fove; with Of tender so brightly glowing, while To pluck thee, or rocky dell, On gropey knoll, Or bed of sand. gems, to thus imprison gweet Thv quivering forms, crush out thy light And dim the beauty God hath given Would seem to prove but selfish love, And cruel might. wild-woo- d for no idle whim or pleasure, cull the from the mossy banks, Thy dainty blossoms I fain would treasure, As simple token, of love unspoken, And grateful thanks, Yet I i with fervent passion Nature's Sweet gifts, and Nature's ways, "Whose gentle hands with tender fashion, With love and pleasure, these flowers will treasure, For many days. An honored friend, and gentle sister, Whose noble woTks our praise hath won. Go little flowers and gently whisier, Of loving thoughts and grateful hearts, To one who loves To cheer her on. Esther A. Uk.vvion: SEEK A REWARD. Tis early morning as I sit here at my window watching the golden sun slowly rise above the mountain tops, and listening to the sweet songsters of the forest just beginning their day's work and warbling such sweet notes; and the cocks jus teal ling up the traveler and the toiler, I seem to be tilled with a spirit of love for all mankind, but more especially for my Creator. Oh, how merciful aud how good U Clod. lLow beautiful is this earth! 2iow wicked are many of the people. We have trials to endure but we have a reward to gain; and how few of us care for the reward if only we can escape the trials; but how trilling are these trials compared with the great reward, salvation. ..What a word is that, oh, how great, how comforting. What boots if the path of- - life is rugged and its steeps are hard to climb? The earth also is rugged aud its steeps are hard to climb, but as God has given us power to mount these great heights of nature so will lie give us power to mount the rugged steps of life; and grateful ought we to be to Him that He has given us trials, hy which to gain a reward, for rewards hard to go, for I am blind?" The old man kissed the little child and said, "Come my darling and I will show you such lovely sights and you shall join with my merry children in the dance." But the little girl said, "O master, I cannot see these lovely sights fbr I have been blind all mv life and I have so longed to see the dear blessed -- arth and sky and the many pretty things of nature;" and the old man answered, "Yes, my child you have endured much and now we will throw away the mist from your eyes and you shall enter and join with the children." She entered the gate and saw the pretty sights and joined in the dance, and I lost sight of her for she become like the rest. So again and again the gate opened and others were ushered in yet none entered with a burden, all these were left behind. Some laid down bundles of sorrow they had borne, but all burdens great and small were left behindhand all who entered became blithe and merry and joined in the dance and true enjoyment of the beautiful place. Once I looked when the old man was talking earnestly with one whom, it seemed, rould not euter,what is this, thought I, the child is beautiful and yet she cannot enter. In a moment I heard the old man say, "'My child, you have no burden, you do not even sorrow lor those you have left behind; go back to the world and earn a reward. Tarry longer on the earth and you will meet with sorrows and many will be the rocks that fall in your way, and when you come again you shall have the reward that you have earned," The child turned away little caring for she had no sorrow or burden and of course she was light, free and happy, but this had been the first rebuff, this was the first' rough place in her path, but she 3tumbled many a time on her way for 1 watched her as far as the. .eye.! could reach. I seemed to lay in a trance and for a long, long time I watched the happy throng. As I Joolwi, again the portal opened aud the old man laid his hand upon the little child that he had sent back-tearn her reward. I heard her softly m cy whisper, "Oh master, let meL,at'in. I and found WCT?fc novw I wearyMany taunted mo my way so hard. and vain and wicked, and I and called me proud had become so, but no dne ever told me and I till I came here, did not know-tha- t it but I bore the taunts and I tried to overcome my pride and vanity and now may I come in?" The old man gently took the burden from the child and ushered, her into - the valley 6F happiness, and she joined in the happy dance and pas times, A must came before me now and the scene passed from before me.For along time joyous I la- - almost insensible, then I arose and thanked God for what I had seen. 'Yen, arose feeling better prepared now for my life's journey and the burden laid upon all, of which 1 must bear my share. O friends take warning from this little because picture, and do not frown and ifmurmur no burhave to for burdens you have bear, you den to lay at the portal of heaven, the gates of that glorious place wUl not be open to you, and the keeper will say "Co back to earth, and enter bravely earn a reward, before you expect to W. one." here and receive waa-wron- given, not earned, are little appreciated. I had a dream one day, not in my sleep, but a waking dream and if you like I will tell 30U of it. Twas a lovely afternoon and the sky was as blue as ever and the air was fragrant with the scent of flowers, and the melodious song of the meadow-larthe thrush and the humming bird rang sweetly in my ear; the earth was so beautiful with its waving grass, its flowers, its lakes and streams, its mountains .and dells. All nature seemed to join in praise to the Creator and my soul joined harmoniously with nature. As I strolled along, I stopped near a cool and silvery stream and there pillowed my head on the turf and sank into a sweet reverie. There in a lovely valley where all was happiness and joy were collected from all parts beautiful little children. Surely, thought I, thw must be the vale of my childhood's dream, this must te fairyland, for they are all so happy and so beautiful, and so perfect and so good. As I watched I saw a portal where the little ones had entered, and I beheld a weary young traveler, standing as though waiting for admission; presently a dear, kind old man walked to the portal and opened it. "May I come in," the child asked, "I am so for I tired, have carried this Lame back all my life and ray legs are so weak and weary, and I wantalittJe rest!" Theoldman opened wide the gate and said, "Come in, my dear young friend, you have- earned the rest and you jouandseek shall find here." He entered his weakness, jt leave him and his lame back grew seemed to strong and then I lost sight of him in this beautiful throng, for he grew like the rest and he joined in the dance and sports and pastimes and all seemed happiness again. Presently the portal opened again and a little girl softly-felher way along until ,she touched the dear ,oJd man. Then she said, "Please, sir, may 1 come in. I am very weary, and my way is eo k, t g. PRIMARY ASSOCIATION. Annual Report of the Primary Association of Moroni, Sanpete Co. Organized lvr Mre. Ji18n. ,9 Oth, Wells and Mrs. E. Howard August 10 "03 to increased during with 133 members, months. Meetings held weekly on Saturday afternoon. Average 32 meetings; (they being suspended for a time on account of diphtheria) Cards of merit distributed once. The exercises of the meeting are," after the usual opening exercises, remarks made by President and Counselors; then recitations, songs, assays, and select readings by the children: a number of children bear their testimony; questions asked etc. They have taught them the Ten Commandments and first principles of the from the children 011 Gonel. We $10,00 and gleaned their 5 and in cts. donations had one party for Have wheat. of 8 bushels money which the brethren and sisters donated to donated Have all excuses. enolr'h to may for Manfi Temple Si. W; paid out for presents reeved of Moroni Co-o- one th&children U-- ; are, Mrs. Minute Rook. Officers of Association Sarah Mrs. Jolley Deborah P. Irons, President; and Mrs. A.M. NieNon,Couiiselors; JjJFaix, Lizzie lilcy, Assistant YoYgn. Treasurer. They are doing aRi.u have-receive-d p theE power tkm 13 to instruct the young. Uoius we!L "' Our Assoeia- - Jane Faux, Secy. : SHUN AFFECTATION. There is nothing more beautiful in a young man than simplicity of character. It is honest frank and attractive. How different is 'affectation! The simple minded are always natural,they are at the same time original; the affected are never natural. And as for originality, if they ever had any, they crush it out or have burie4 it from sight, utterly. Bo yourself young friend. To attempt to be any body elseis worse than folly. It is an impossibility to attain it. Buft suppose you should succeed in imitating the greatest man that ever figured in history, Avould that make you any greater? By no means. Let the fabric of your character though over so humble be at least real. Avoid affecting tUe character of another, however great though you may emulate their virtues. Build up your own. Be what God intended you and not sombody else. Shun to be your-sel- - f, " affectation. - Ada Rollins. Snow Flake, Apache Co. Arizona. June I'd, 1S30. COR 1 11 :S 1 ( N I) FACE. 1me Pine, Arizona May 21th, Editor Exponent: Having just read the Exof Mav 1st. while perusing its contents ponent 1 imagined myself attending one of those delightful meetings reported in your very interesting and valuable paper, which is a y)nie visiter herr? circulated from-J'rf gram, is stoWor of the characterizes the Women Sain ts; furn ish ing grain to feed th e J atter-da- y sojourn into,, Egypt. loor, typical of Joseph's laud are loaning this in brethren of the Some to those who have what grain they can spare need and waiting until harvest for returns. I do not know what some would have done if Brolie cou?Jd ther Flake had sold hi.s grain which is Joseph in have done very readi fy; fnr ihvn' with corn lor the Saints hero, but I m suniwBo wheat and barley was called com us that as history informs Egypt in those days . America. in first found was com liast of the Notwithstanding the seventy ts here the bain Jate the Spring and cold, Winter are tilled with faith and good works, and very 'f,0 tE lynt arid onions of Jgypt. to be organized, desire their sisters The express and feel thankful tha t they have their little ones away from that dreadful malady the diphtheria. The health of the people here is most cxellent of com and barley they are glad to get plenty for bread, as the wheat will not le harvested until the latter part of .Jul or first of August. have taken the interest to canvass among the sisters behalf of the Exponent, they have invariably express! a desire to send subscriptions as soon as circumstances would permit. d Some of the bre tli ren here were a little seslast at Vhe bill before the Jxjgilature sion to remove the iitical disabilities of women; to this we replied "if nny are in lxmdage or have have, not the rights that God designs they shall earth the and above He rules in the heavens his the He is hand.. liencath none can stay fair Daughsame God that heard the cries of the upon of the Nephites the Zion in of ters dnys to hand his et bring He has this continent. He about the restitution of all things whatever tho baUot Willi the jn few longing for the leek 1 uur-nri-e- &f"th!C(fe or.hh the Trojy(;) greatly bVpladng men in olliee that would and safety of citizens as resource of the development of the EevJ praying for the interest of Yours truly. KttVe add as the we Couiitrj. l ion, N am lj" several sisters were Sunday morning June ld, m the lhnop invited to the I7th Ward, to Association. Ihshop reorganizing the Primary brethothei and Smith, Superintendent Dwycr ren and also sisters ,ot the ward were present. conducted The Sunday School was admirably., a and the singing was very inspiring. Only porand ''Sister tion of the exercises were given 140 Eliza" proceeded with the organization. had ineralers were enrolled. The ladies who been invited were presented with lovely bouquets a-- U of choice flowers. 