public l)rr-EPn- R thin to eat. He will likely fall asleep where AIM, - you leave him, so you would better put him in some safe corner on a comfortable cot, and take off his shoes. "You will then have no more trouble with him for some hours perhaps, and can have your dinner in quiet. If you are only five minutes behind hand with your dinner, and papa comes in at the exact moment when it should be ready, he will be glad of that five minutes to rest m before eating. For of course your children's papa is a sensible man, such a husband as a woman like yourself deserves. And he does not think live minutes rest such a loss of time on his part, that he must rush out and begin some little job that will take him a quarter of an hour to do, and keep dinner waiting on him for ten minutes because he would have had to wait for it five. He considers other people's time as good as his own; he knows his wife is one of the best and most patient women in the world, and does not wish to try her patience unnecessarily. He can and will try as hard as she does to have everything go on in his home in the most orderly and harmonious style. And how wonderfully successful they are! What was asked about somebody being at fault? Nothing has gone wrong. No one has been to blame. The Teachers of the Relief Society of Eph-rai'tfndr the supervision of President Sarah Peterson and her Counselors;Ellen Madsen, and Ellen Dorius;gave a public dinner in the Society Hall in that place Tuesday August 10,1880. The dinner was .given in honor of thervisit of Sisters Eliza R. Snow Smith, and E. B. Wells, Mary A. Hyde President R. S. Sanpete Stake and her Counselors. The Presidents and Counselors of all the branches in the Stake were invited to be presen?. The room was beautifully decorated with flowers and vines garlanded and festooned. The word welcome, in large letters painted in imitation of green leaves yas put up at each end of the room, and on the wall on each side a handsome garland of flowers and vines wound gracefully together was hung in a festoon in the center of which was the letters E, R. S,. for Eliza R. Snow on one side and E. B. W., for E. B. ... Wells on the other. The whole presented a charming appearance; bouquets of flowers were scattered about here and there, but the smiling faces and the cordial brethren greeting of kind friendswarm-hearte- d and sisters was the most interesting of all. Three tables were set the whole length of the hall, at the head of the table in the center of the room was seated President C. Peterson and Brother Wm. Fulsom. Pres. John Maiben and many local brethren were on one side of the table and opposite were Sisters E. R. Snow Smith, E. B. Wells, M. A. Hyde, Amelia Goldsbrough, Deborah Irons, M. F. C, Morrison, Phebe Maiben and others. The other two tables were filled, nearly 200 persons were seated. To enumerate the variety pf dishes with which the tables were supplied would be impossible, but suffice to say it was a feast of good things. . All the widows in the two wards were invited to partake of the bountiful repast. Brother Fulsom asked the blessing and the dinner passed off pleasently. We thank the good fisters of Epluirm for the honor conferred and m Mabel. WOMAN'S POSITION. pleasure and gratitude their kind attention their happy faces and the good spirit we felt in their midst. Aunt Em. WHOSE FAULT WAS IT? Wait a minute, mother!. Do not call that little bundle of innocent simplicity a "naughty, bad child!" until you have considered the case. He comes in hot and thirsty, tired, hungry and dirty from his play. He does not know that you have just got "things straightened up" in the kitchen; that you have been working fast and are yourself tired and nervous; that baby has only now fallen asleep for the first time since breakfast; and thai papa will be in fdr dinner directly and you are in such a hurry to get everything ready for the time he comes. You should not expect a child of three or four years old, even as bright and sensible as your own, to think of all these things. When he calls out lustily for a piece of cake or bread and butter, don't make more noise than he does in trying to correct the mistake he has made. Perhaps the rattling of the sewing machine in the next room, and the noise made by h mashing the potatoes in the kettle on the cause him to think he will have to scream to be heard. If he startles the baby out of its sleep the best and cheapest course for you to pursue is to take him gently by the hand and quietly hush him, while you hill baby off to sleep again; and then see to your three-yeold darling's wants the "first" thing.- - It won't take more than three or four minutes to wipe .the dust from his lace and eyes with a wet cloth, give him a drink of milk and squiq. stove-heart- 1 ar ..''l -- ; k The duty of mothers is one of great importance, when we investigate it in its proper mission on the earth is a great one, none can deny it. To bear the souls of men and women is indeed something noble s.and holy, "young-motheralthough so little realized bywoman ehouhl reThen for this divine mission, ceive the highest qualifications, have the and posgrandest opportunities of education, what should sessing pure and intelligent minds, be the training of our daughters, who are to be mothers? Can too much be done to should be taught, from their earliest years to qualify themselvt . to become worthy mothers, and capable of who is to he the choosing wisely a companion father of the immortal souls of their offspring. Who but woman forms the infant mind?she Then may let woman strive for knowledge, that befit to of children intelligence, bring forth come heads of families, statesmen; or rulers. Study to Woman, study to know thyself. . know good from evil. "Women are accountable, rational beings, Without woman's influence, chaos would reign Eve became the triumphant in the earth. mother i)f all i living "Man , actually became hhe dependent' upon the creation nf woman. of man, to was constituted for the companion be no be one with him ht all things- there canKnowlelevated women without nobU men. used hurts no one. .No edge, when jrightlr world is m such a wonder society in the the." teachers and molders of the infant mind, are only, to know those Aomans duthings that men think proper. She ties in this life are trying and arduous. should have the wisdom of a sage, and be genfor tle as a dove. Her labors and sacrifices are the exaltation of others asA well as herself not oman stands worthy of consideration.is given her alone; through whatever privilege who have man is benefitted; those, women : able to counsel with opinions of their own are and intheir husbands ini all' family matters, mother deed other matters; : Should notorthe who office have a voice 'in choosing men which are' to govern and regulate society into God to be uherpd? her sons and daughters are created woman for a being, and. is an purpose, as well as man For genera-Son- s foment have, been looked upon by past lirbr-Woman'- the courtesy1 eitend them, and shall ever remember with feelings of the majority of men just the same as any other surplus article, and frequently the newspapers publish items under the head of "Surplus Wo- ..t i i .i k :.ks iiun.s pini wiiicii men ' ii Keeps up tne no- tioi'i. of inferiority, and shuts her out from many of the privileges of citizenship. It is this thatnrnkesSDen. smile as at a jokewhen women express themselves as entitled to rights. It is this same spirit that prompts the opposition to woman's suffrage. Man should remember that when our Heavenly Father gave him power to rule, it was to rule in righteousness. What safety is there for mothers, or daughters, or sons, in a nation ruled by a corrupt government? None. Men should be protectors of virtue. How many fair daughters of America have been driven to' lives of shame, by want and starvation, alter having been grossly and cruelly deceived by some man. How many in- - . noeent but thoughtless girls have been led from virtue's path by wolves in sheep's clothr Where caii they ' resort for redress? ing. Where is the cover for their shame, but in the hope of an early grave? Man has been constituted by unerring wisdom the head;""let him not boast, but rather ponder upon the responsibility of such a position, have his lamp trimmed and burning, so that those who are called the weaker vessels may walk in the light thereof. How is it with the civilization of the world? Dens of infamy and debauchery flourish under the protewn of the law, and the vile seduww of innocence-walabroad, witfe their victims hide tVjDjf anl sit apart from the rest of the. world. May the day soon come when woman will arise in the strength of purity and say to the vain seekers of the pleasure of an hour, be- gone! Then would the profligate, the hypo-see- k in vain for a victim. Think of crite, .1 I "Lu I t more man two inousunu uewuyeu miuMvau-done- d women in the city of New York, and a eorrosponding number in other large cities. Who looks alter their forlorn situation? . Who devises means for their protection, that they may return to llic path oh' virtue? Who but the leaders of Weman Suffrage, which, in our humble- - opinion,, were it granted by the would promote the best interests of society, temper mice, jkcc and justice. Liet woman have a practical education in all the departments of her life, and rise with a fixed determination to break the shackles that have so long bound her sex, and become free, as God made her to be, man's helpmeetand not Mothers should early impress these his slave. tvue it icts upon the minds of their children, and instead of encouraging their boys in false notions, show them the inconsistency of one sex being held so superior to the other, where both a re" born of the .same parents. W& trust there is a new era opened up for women. Noble is her work and great her responsibility. s he-id- - , 1 ; - gov-ernmme- nt, Mary Jane Crosby. -- condi-tioTjhenTnothc- - i rs, It. S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. The Sisters meeting in the 14th Ward AsMrs M.I. Home sembly Rooms August 14,1880 one. Minutes presiding, was a very interesting were read by the Young Ladies of the branch associations of Y. L. M. I. A., and also by the Seerataries of the Primary Associations. The G. meeting was addressed by Mrs. Hannah Perkins of St. George Mrs Aurelia 8 Rogers of Farmington, also by President MLHorne Counselors Zina I). Young, Sarah M. Kimball and Bathsheba AV. Smith. Other sisters made remarks and Airs. Jane Connsill read an original poem, entitled "The "Past Present and Future. , The Relief Society of Freemont Valley, our Piute Co., was organized March 25, 1880, by 