O - - . r7 : U .RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS., The PaysonReW Society held their twelfth f rnual meeting her Counselor Smootr was present, and earetT. Airs." Mary jonn-- , v aisu i -- Spring Lake and BenFork, Salem, fiantaquin, L4j-r ,..t:! oy. iamln D. C. Evans, Bishop; theusuil exercise?, After . l - ! -- I.'M. Coombs, Saleralders H. W.Barnett,and comforting of 1 addressed.the sisters; clieering their hearts ' in their labor of love, feelmg that they are a great blessing to theM.Ward. L Association The young Ladies of the and inucli practical Instrucgood being present, was tion was given to them; showing how peal -Jhia earth; that they should theiuyssionn a? so to have powertrohin high to strive to live teach and nurture the noble spirits that are coming forth, heirs to the kingdom and destined to be mighty in rolling forth this great work of . c V the latter days. the with wasi pleaf-eSmoot Ti M. President the had she wished and remarks of the brethren her; brethTen that precededBamo ability as the was pleased with the remarks of Brother Coombs M. A; Hardy. V-- ; , Tliehall was filled to brothrjof. and. sisters. After the usual exercises the .morning was ocxn-pihy the pr ; sidente diflereht rsocieiica of verbal the in reports giving Associations over which and f they presided, -- ; Second ward-H.Humphrey's, President: Alice Athey, Sarah Clifton, Counselors; Ellen Price Secretary. '.' r Lottie iNNKsSec. " B. . f ..... . t, i ' The second Quarterly Conference, of the Belief Societies or Wasatch btake of Zion was held at Heler 80th, City; r IApril . ..1&$, Mrs Emma Brown f fiJ Al. uie uuai owning exercises, the minutes of the last conference Were read ana accepted; the reports of the several wards were 1 prc-Kiing.-iv- it iier 1 th shqwjng that much good .wad. being done and improvement made Bis ter Jane : P. Mackel- was voted in as corresponding secretary. Jlrang Martenscai-an- d . Win. Mitchell,-Lar- s Win. Holyoak spoke very spiritedly in the inter est of our religion and admonished all to gain for themselves an assurance ot the truth of the.. work- - .Thought nothing could assiat tho brth fa. ren. more than the influence of a good wife; the sisters - to continue in encouraged well doing and the Lord would bless them. Prest. EJlen iiunt made a few remarks, desiring the sisters to spend their time in doing good. In the afternoon, after opening exercises, sacrament was administered,and the time occupied by several of the sisters speaking on the princiWord of ples of our holy Wisdom, home industries, etc., all expressing a desire to do all .the good they could, that they claim to, the reward in store for miglithavea tho. faithful. Pres. Ellen Lunt said the time had leen well spent and tliat she would bear testimony that much good had been done and a marked improvement made by the sisters sine the flxst organization of a society in Cedar City, . winch took place in JNovember, 18o6, and was called the Female Benevolent Society, with 95 meinbcrB. of whom there were only 14 now.re- lnamingin this place. A few years afterward tlifij President, bister Lydin Hopkins, departed this life. The meetings wero discontinued, and in June, 18G8, the lelief Society was organized with &b members. A great many others have been, t added since, who have done a great amount of good. P$ident. Lunt advised the yo4yOg sisters to make the best use of their time, not po spend it foolishly, so that in future J'ears when; they were calleti hence thev would have nothing to regret. Bor her testimony to the. trutn or plural marriage. Beferred. to this as being the year of Jubilee and counseled the sisters to assist and relieve each other, as well as the poor, thus making it a continual jubilee. .Bishop C. J. Arthur made eome pleasing and good remarks; said that it was a source of great pleasure to see the sisters stand forth in defence of the principles of their religion. President Henry Lunt reviewed the meetings of the day with much pleasure and spoke in an interesting manner of the beauty and wisdom of Goti as shown through his servants In the different organitbhs in the Church of Chris t on. the earth. . , - t tt overJ-towmgwi- -i - "f The Tarowan Stake Belief Society held their Second Quarterly Conference on the 16th of May, 1 880, in the Cedar City meeting house, commencing at 10 a. m. Tresent on the stand officers of the Stake and . branch presidents of rarowan, Cedar City, Paragoonah and Summit branches, also Presidents of the Young Ladies una pimaLrx Associations, Presto Henry Lunt, Bis.hop C. J. Arthur, and others of tho priest-hood- f-- . - .', T .. - .. Jane P. Mackelpranc., Cedar City, May .20th, 1880. -- ;r .,.,.r, : . religion-polygam- y, . -- Cor. Sec. . w,... it-- -f .....,;.a; w. ...,.......: A Quarterly Conference of the Belief Society of Sanpete County was held. at Ephmim, May 17, 1880. It should have been ail annual conference but on account of secretaries failing to forward their reports in time, and some not at all, a condensed report for the year could not be made until next conference. Conference was opened by singing, prayer and singing. Beporta of B. S., P. A, and Y. L, M. I. A. were read.-- . The. several societies were also verbally reported as being in a good condition. were President E. R. Snow? and Counselors 4 ' unanimously sustained in stheir plficetf. Many excellent instructions were given by the sisters who spoke. The current of their remarks were on the signs of the times, how in this day rvplnr.(P; accidents and crimes are rairing in our nation, 1 among the hatlons,and especiallly vrrrsf liaifA VlkT anu more especially wjiw u m pwo mobbed and driven, our prophets martyred, and the Saints exiled from- their midst,, and now they are reaping their- reward, and the fulfillment of the prophecies of ancient and modern feast and prophets., Much was said of the richinstructions and truly heavenly appropriate the three apostles; Wilfdrd Woodruff, by given and Erastus Snbw, Brigham Toung, also others late (conference. who addressed the Pres. Mary 'Ann Hyde urged all to prepare anu sanciny inemseives lur me .vxuw --u future which are awaiting the righteous.,. She, and her cvunselorp, arc striYing with energy to magnify, their calling by traveling through the Stake, encouraging the sisters to .diligence and e for which they are faithfulness in . j winning. Broth erWarpham made a few reraarks,blcssing anjj encouraging the sisters. Singing, benedie17, until tion. Conference adjourned August " 1 1 Present by invitation Apostle C. CP ich, Bishop II. J. Home, Elder It. S. Home, Sister Julia Lindsey, President, and Sister raria Rich, Counselor of the Belief Society of this Stake and quite a number of the parents of the children. Meeting called to order by Sister- H. B. Humphrey's. Song bv a company orlitUe girls entitled "Welcome to all," Brother R. S.Horne playing 'the accompaniment on the organ. Prayer by Bishop H. J Home. Singing, "We thank thee O God for a prophet." Sister Julia addressed the children for a 'short Lindey then which' there was reading, recitations, after time, and song by the children. dialogues Tiio first numVier of the paper entitled "The Primary Monthlyi" (first wart I) edited by Mary A. allien, was then read by her. Biter Maria Bieh Uien'spokc nrsnort time to the children, and urged mothers tobediligeut in " l8tl-A.i11 If st iiujiig uie cnnuren 10 me meetings. Brother C. C.! Bich occupied a short time exhorting the children to ohedienceetc. Singing, fl what is right." Benediction "by Brother H. 8. Home; The children then engaged in dancing for a short time. Picnic being provided by the parents was then passed around. Dancing till six p.m., when all dispersed feeling that they had enjoyed themselves very much. .Number of children present 97. Name? of the officers, first ward, President, Elizabeth Nye; Alvira Picks; Mary A. Rich, Counselors. STAKE. I'AKOWAN " . rill ..-.- and sisters! from the surrounding settlements started on. their, homeward journey' and the rest , to their several homes. . Ellen4 W. Lunt, President,' ' WW . The members of the first and second ward Primary Associations of Paris met and held their first anniversary in the' Park first Ward meeting house, on Tuesday at one o'clock. May r- .i.i' i ive PARIS, BEAR LAKE 18, 1SS0. :i v - ej V -- ; t - " ft , with the choir, sang the Doxology; iP from whom all blessings flow, BenedictiQ wa3 Patriarch . and , PresiQQf Jroupunced by pqr dismissed all with his bles-yv)o men of the...brass after the which, t: young ing; v. il ... l pt silk, for that war partdf the Gosrepectinthe We have pel and the will of the Lord to us. ing-hous- v, pi-ece- ' - do-no- Conference adjourned tiu Saturday,' ' the - Hth . of August next, to be held ha Paragoonah. Iron , "t. ...... '.'.,. County. ' The congregation stood upon thev an(j j , ; everything to encourage us. Prayed that the Spirit of' the Lord might rest upon the sisters. Counselor M. Johns endorsed all that had been said, and that it should be our aim to press forward with all the ability we have. v. Many of us realize the day in which' we live. President Jane Simons felt thankful for the remarks that had been made. There were present Presidents from several Belief Societies in the surrounding settlements, also brethren that she would Jifce to hear from, but time would . not v permit. was After singing, prayer orred by Elder Barry. Wride: . Over 00 cJiiWreii tfieii cvmi vrrnd in ttrr va-- and After looking bright happy. reading of the taTT, they were crafi ich wh very papers etc., in wero very agreeably furpri.ej partaking of a the for occasion by the Presiding picnic prepared Teachers of the districts. The little folks felt proud of belonging to the Primary Associations The EsiOjHvNT is a welcome visitor with us. also' read, also reports for the-Y- . L. M;I. and i ine repuru., Priifiary Associations; aneach respective society bal aid written, showing was a good at--There condition. In a prosperous present, tendance, many of the brethren were and valuniuch werreceived good fronrwhom to t seem all sisters The' able instructions. alive 'to their duties and callings and always and readyito look after the poor and to cdmfort of the is the first; duty relieve: the sick, which sisters of the spoke on Belief Societies. Many should we the training of our children, that both Church teach them the principles of the and example, that they may thereby by in become good citizens and honorable members r 4 the Church and Kingdom of God. ( President Hatch spoke a short time. Saidd the rBeliefjSocieties were helps to the Priesthood,-anif counsel was needed, to go to our Bishop. He wished the sisters to use their influence to help a. TTiVh School, that our voung men anri irnltM mitrht be iducatI at home, and to . strive and put down drunkenness and other evils which exist m our miasi. milA vote was taken to sustain a which Heber City, linery store, to be located in ' : was carried unanimously. President Brown addressed tne sisiers, coun-- th Am- tn be faithful in attendincr- to all ,jVilllg their' duties, that weji may thereby enjoy the it blessings promtsea to ine iaiiniui. EaiMA Brown, Stake Presdent. nr Mary Bronson, Secretary. !-. . r : - ! ! . . ; ; the-caus- - , ; 18S0. ' --rz- . , . . . FANNV KOFFOJtD, Cot. Dec. JIVRtJM. v Our Relief Society held their annual meeting on the 10th of May. Our worthy Bishop, O. N. LiljenqUist and a few of our brethren met with us. Meeting opened with the usual exercises. After the reading of minutes the secretary read the report of the Society since its organization, which was accepted. President Lilienquist made a few opening remarks. Mrs. F. Stephens represented the Teachers Quorum, spoke encouragingly of the teachers. Miss H. Osborn, President Y. L. M. I. Association reported the As-- , sociation trying to improve in good works. Mrs. L. Wilson, President Primary Association, invited the mothers to attend their meetings and to send tjicir children. Bishop . Liljenquist, Father Osborn, Father Benson, and Brothers C. C. Shaw and II. E. Nielsen made very interesting remarks, and congratulated us upon the great amount of good we had accomplished: gave very good instructional and encouraged us to persevere in the good work we are engaged in. The officers were then presented and sustained by the unanimous vote of- the Society. Sister C. Johnson then .presented President Liljenquist with a beautiful set of glass ware, as a small token of the love and resnect of her sisters. Prest. Liljenquist responded with "a few suitable ' words, thanking the sisters for their confidence, and hoping she might- - prove worthy of their trust. ;; .; After singing, and benediction the brethren and sisters adjourned to the Relief . Society House, where they sat down to a bounteous repast, superintended by Sister C. Johnson. There - were eighty persons present, Including our aged brethren, widows, missionaries wives and the poor. We also remembered the sick, and sent them a share to cheer and comfort them. Each one enjoyed a happy time and felt that it was indeed a year of Jubilee. , , I will send our financial report for the twelve i yeainceour organi5ation.-.M. 1M. Nielsen, Secretary. . . - , , , ; . - : s 