WOMAN'S EXPONENT, TIJyiTSOqURLABOE. THE ANNUAL MEETING OF Y. L. M. I. A., 11 WARP. BEAD AT It is now nine years since we began the task of remodeling ourselves since we commenced our spiritual beings f to that life was not 'given us that we might eat, make money and ?die, but we began to sleep, adlearn the necesity of, cultivating the mind, ministering to the! needs of an immortal soul and training the heart in the ways of and the light of inspiration. We caught a glimpse of a higher and more obedience to God, noble object, of living. Much has been done, but the field of labor How many of seems to be but just opened. the little girls who, years ago flocked to the feast of their minds and souls, weekly prepared for them in our ; little meetings are how fact that a happy wives (notwithstanding the large: number entered the wder of celestial marriage) . and Are devoted mothers, all the better qualified to discharge the holy duties of motherhood and consequently are benefactors to society. From our ranks have gone to new fields of labor, and will still go, women whose names will be. honored .as j far as the sound of the Gosand pel can reach. The seeds of their success honor were planted when they made their lirst feeble attempt to speafc in an organized capaci-- , ty, and were cradled by a succession efforts, struggling liand to hand, with of untiring the Dowers of darkness and the evil they were enabled to see in themselves. And they triumphed to a certain extent, by fasting and mighty prayer, hours by singing and praising God, and count as only moments? We scarcely stop to think seriously upon any subject but ashion. Many of our aspirations rin fnvtlipr tli an t.h'p feather that floats over each other and our ears are open to scanaai and'prejice,wHile oijr lips are but the servants of our idle jgidy brain. We are too easily satisfied with ourselves and our labors. While the great work of life rolls on constantly calling for in the cause of humanity, earnest, we, in our wild mania after pleasure, rush blindfolded past every avenue of doing good,and every wide open door of improvement, while our hungry, starved spiritual natures must stand aside and wait the time when they will be allowed to plea4 their just . cause without being forever silenced by the harsh, unfeeling voice, of our own selfish natures Now let us stop in this soul And body destroying course, and listen to the reasoning that will keep us in the ways of peace, honor and everlasting life. Oh! that we the daughters of Zion would claim our 'privilege in leadings out in all that this at our is pure and refining God requires hands. Let ua cultivate more true modesty and less prudery. More sincere sisterly resm pect and charity for each other and indulge at less flattery, and let our daily intercourse home and abroad be characteristic of pure our rough, nobility of soul. We can overcome uncouth waysjuse only chaste tmd elegant langconsiduage, and always manifest a respectful others. eration for-thfeelings "and opinions of Thus fortified we can trust ourselves m the a book ot company of the cultured without etiquette in our pockets. Let us seek for that guide which would preserve ansulliedepotless reputation and prevent us from associating with the rude and wicked. Ut us take ttfide in maintaining the principles of truth that JsHall ustand when nations now ridprosperous have ?ne to .decay, fearing no ot punishment icule, dreading ' our offended ' .Creator,. ' Let us not cut ourselves . short" of an inheritance with our Heavenly Father by;, folly; and disobedience. 01 busy-laborer- s ; -- Lucy M, Smith. lasting joy and gratitude, surpassing all mortal comprehension. P. S. My heart is full of blessings for those who work in the Temple, and I pray God to L. M. S. bless them a thousand fold. 18S0. Salt Lake City, October 25, Lillie Freeze. Salt Lake City Oct. 18, 1880. 7 . -- realiie-ihexistence.o- their own, and went into ali manner of wickedness. Hence, the necessity of the United Order. God requires: of us all that we are able to do, and in the end our hearts will swell w ith ever- VISIT TO ST. GEORGE. MEETING AT SPANISH FORK. I left home August 15; traveled by rail to from thence to Fort Johnson by coach; I was then so exhausted I was obliged to stop for a few days. I took private conveyance to Cedar City; stopped a few days at Bishop Lunt's, who took me on to Leeds, where I hired a bo3T to eou-ve- y me to St. George. My expenses have not been less than one hundred dollars. I commenced .working in the Tern pie October 8th: I officiated for many of my dead friends, ana was baptized for my health in that beautiful Font, from which I derived great benefit. As I was about starting from home, some of my friends said to me, ''There will be Temples done soon nearer home; why not wait?" Said I, "I am here now, I have no lease of my. life." 1 thought of the days of Nauvoo; how gladly we would have worked in the Temple, but we were hindered by our enemies. I do not know Satan may stir them up again. My friends thought it a very great undertaking for me to travel over such a rough country, and so it was; but I knew faith without works was dead, it would never redeem my dead friends, and the thought of meeting them when I had not exerted myself to embrace the first possible opportunity was very unpleasant: I felt that a knowledge of having done my duty would be much me the best. I felt that ray dead were urging lei t and to assist me, on. I employed others me. for to do some wcrk for my friends The redemption of out dead should occupy a who are perlarge space m the hearts of those in this the earth mitted to come forth on the of times. Do we bedispensation of the fulness and lieve that our dead friends are in prison, aid? our cannot extricate themselves without ordiWe must then go through those initiating their from released be can nances, before they we believe this, and yet are prison house. Do rAwird to thinirs? lhe Mil-for- d, how-muc- h f;nQr.f The Primary Association of this place held its second annual meeting Saturday, October 23. The President, Mrs. Mary Ann McLean, had invited Sisters Louie Felt, Mary A. Freeze and Clara Conrad, from Salt Lake City, with Pres. Zina Y.Williams and herCoum-elors,MisNancy Smoot and Mary John, from Provo, who, with the exception of Sister Williams, who was unavoidably detained, were all present, and the greatest pleasure and gratification at tha reception they met, and at the cordial and hearty welcome they received. Sister McLean and her mother had prepared a sumptuous dinner, to which many of her friends had been invited to meet our sisters before named; among these were Bishop George D. Snell and wife. At the dinner table some verses of welcome were read, written for the occasion by Hannah Cornaby, at the request of Sister M. A. McLean. (We publish the first and last verses:) s ex-pje4s- ed "We welcome you to Spanish Fork, Wit h a welcome warm and true; And heartfelt is the We now extend to you. 'Tia vcrj- - pleasant thus to meet, Amid life's busy throng, With those who, like ourselves, desire To help God's work along. g "We trust your little visit here To you and us may prove A happy interchange of thought, Of friendship and of love; That you may take back to your homes Some kindly thought from here; That we may hold your memory sweet, Oar interview most dear." these xoith onlyl mm.m.X, -- is in the t. ueorge ieuipi. While I was in St. George I rode about the D. JB. Smith, and city with my nephew, George Sister Augusta Smith. We visited the quarry, beautiwhere the rock was taken from for that ful edifice, the Temple. As we rode on I looked, I gazed, I admired the grandeiirof theJ scenery .rd has which surrounded us. Said V'The 'Where a for Temple, made this place on purpose and the the wicXed shall cease from troubling, foaints the where and weary can be at rest:' and go their Duild to Temple could be permitted last will this hi and out in peace." How long Jose no we know not. Tthink it best for us to opportunity 4g worKe time, but improve every realize the im)or-tancwhile we have peace. Do wenot. of these things? I fear and Brother John L. Smith s family, visited I around look could for I enjoyed myself spendidly,ancient order, when the the of samples lainfc had common things; that is when or their own thev all had the workmanship frames For there were picturewhat-nots and bureau, chairs, lounge, of their own bed-fcta- brSSte X the workmanship and their ornaments were specimens ferns ftSlont toe earth, and their trimmings ofI reall and moss from the mountains thought their example worthy of imitation. the desire to understand I have had a the Order in its true light, and how among things common after euld have allorder. I One night vet have to seemed f m the Temple, sleep over that I was rehearsing common have T fled from Saints had all things rintdre "The to know bow th cwW among them fished them. These words and yet be order among senses: The Saints all had thrilled pufled up m abofe sitting on.im-p- r 8!ufTed while others must sit on chrs JStn Itods indeed; there were no poor union and Then rich flbSlne1cUiingly fine-and m(3U9SJm to Duton gold, and silks S Ke aU gat inrou"cv 1 anherme Afters house, whirfrhad been very with flowed arid very charming autumn foliage,s also some Injautiful specimens of children and fruit and vegetables, fancy work and quilts,labor. of the boy' products The children assembled at two p. m., witii of the parents and beaming, happy faces; many friends of the little ones were present. It was with really wonderful to see the promptness Uie various which the children went through on One Truth, read essay, i,arts assigned them. and was exoeUent, bv Miss Mary Swenson, from the of remarks approbation called forth tors. A duet, sung by Morgan, was Miss rfw' 1VmL Lizzie Kitchens, who was accom ns Snied father on the violin. and the first on the organization of the Church very nrincinles of the Gospel were answered Lord's The prayer ones. little nrom ptly by the on the duty of man were given m and eoncert,besides various other exercises,performed on in a manner which reflected much credit their president and her assistants. addressed the meeting, prais-infan-d encouraging the little ones; engaging her pleasing and lovable their g "StaMary Freeze, in her happyofand interest-inand young Uie attention style, rivetedcalculated to do much good fell attetky while words tt0& a Smoot, though suffering tofrom a eokL very cheerfully m which done was to address the children, 2 childlike spirit, teumg of her very in being nresent on this occaLreat Expressed her inaCility to describe the sion the listening to iov and pleasure she felt whilesome eoun-se- S good of the children; Messing of God might the that prayed re 7? followed with ble'iemS re-nu- jXn eft somesuiUj- rery mcxlest and were exceeamgjy which from one bo young plMrViscilla Lewis, Secretary of the Temple FundTread the names of the children who had . 