The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER 1, 1880. Vol. 9. SALT LAKE CITY. is not levied and collected at all hazards, whether it belongs to a man or woman, save they be "infirm, idiotic," &c, it will certainly be worth visiting as possessing some very peculiar and interesting properties a priori. here a man and woman conjointly own the same piece of property, as man and wife, is there a necessity of paying taxes twice? Can it not be considered as each pays his or her part, the same as in any joint stock property. And in this way every wife does pay her, equal share in all taxes her husband pays. THen shall she also not have a voice with her brother jwh at shall be done with the taxes? Or shall she pay n the fiddler and stand by, like the squaw, and look on at the august war dance of her barbarous brethren. Ah! this suggests the capsheaf of objections she cannot go to war and shed her blood for her country. If she does not fight the battle of bitter, angry strife, she fights the unceasing soul and body wearing fight of home economy, and raises the boys who can fight. And after all her sorrows, is it not but right that she should have a voice in ooys how, when and where these soul-enshall fight? And further, were she among the " All the yaUey lay in shadows, Cast by clouds that hid the 6un; Ripened grain fields, emjrald meadows, Shining lines where waters run; Stately homes and humble dwellings, In their blooming foliage shrined, ; Caught a charm beyond the telling, In the summer day's decline; Thin a smoke wreathes to the eastward, Dusky, purple mists uprolled; Through this filmy veil, to westward, Softly beamed the sunset's gold; And the while I stood in wonder, Silent, wrapped in fervent thought; Lo! a rainbow crowned the splendor Of the picture God had wrought. Is this lovely valley, teeming With all gifts from Nature's hand, ' The fair Zion of my dreaming, In the far-ofgolden land? Is't the Zion, fair and holy, That 'neath God's own care shall rise, Where the pure in heart and lowly Shall be noblest in His eyes? Centariea thy dust has slept; Freshened by thy wakened fountains, Thou to life again hast leapt. Fair aqd pure as thy bright waters, Which no poisoned currents bear; Else thy countless sons and daughters, Royal crowns to win and wear. Though the world now doubt the story Of thy sacred work and claim, They shall live to see thy glory, And their fallen wreck and shame. Though the world in hate deride thee, Though the waves of evil foam, Through whatever ills betide thee, Thou art Zion thou'rt my homo. Heaven descended, from a manger Rose thy King to victory; Through the desert and the danger, He will guard thy destiny. Brighter than the rainbow's splendor, Shines the crown awaiting thee, Land of beauty! Land of wonder! Zion, Bride of Christ to be. Augusta Jotcb Cbochkboh. September 13, 1830. THE "LIBERALS' " LIBERTY FOR WOMEN. The inost cowardly effort has at last been How forlorn a cause must be when the necessity arises for its adherents to stoop to the meanest subterfuges, and to hang its hopes on the flimsy and uncertain power of technicalities! A truly noble and worthy cause can be jnanfully met, and certainly never can be injured by the presence and influence of women, especially after a faultless test of ten years wade! trust The pnblio plea is urged that she does not pay, tax. Does she not? If a pieoe of private property can be shown which tax upon ; , Romania B. AVE - ; v I. PROTEST. down-trodde- weakened. than to mention such a 'trifle; besides; wb ere 4s there a woman in fivet hundred who does not do more than ten dollars worth a year for the. community in which she lives? What is the matter that just now a terrible "fraud" has just been discovered? Were this not a sudden hallucination, would it not have been corrected long ago? The gist of the matter in a few words is, the "Liberals" (what a misnomer) intend to elect the next congressional representative, no matter how much in the minority. Thev presume to question the validity of "the rignts and privileges vouchsafed to the Legislative Assembly (a body of men possessing the confidence of the people, evidenced by their very presence,) by the Congress of the United States, and sanctioned by the acting Governor of the Territory. Is law a protection or a guide, or is it a vicious weathercock set up on the cross roads, pointing the road just a the wind may blow? Spirituwords and alizing the sense and meaning of sentences away, has so long been a tradition, and environing every thought with such squinttakes ing technicalities and expressions, that it the more than the wit of a lawyer to tell what law really means when it is made. "The Liberal Party!" this presumptuous usurpation of one of the most sacred words of the English face of our honest language, w an insult in the Constitution. That a few aliens, so far as the should come country's salvation is concerned, here and feast and fatten themselves on the hard earnings of this people, wrested only by the most continued and patient labor from this desert soil, and then as a diminutive minority distorted endeavor, by every subterfuge, sa- and sacreligious prostitution ot the dearcred word "Liberty," to deprive us of our est rights as loyal citizens of a free country will probably be a more striking proof to the M. -- dawned upon the earth, we have met with opposition and oppression, especially sinco the establishment of the holy principle of Plural. Marriage; and the cry ha3 come from abroad: n women of Utah! What "Oh, the u their bondcan we do to extricate them age?" When W (he mandate goes forth (there must Jve been an inspirational whisper), "Give them the franchise, and they will soon throw off the yoke that binds them so slavishly!" It was done. We accepted the boon gracefully and gratefully, and. for ten years have honored the power bestowed; but not as our oppressors had so fondly anticipated. We did not break our allegiance with our husbands, our religion, nor oUr God! And the power of tin people to do good to all the world was increased and strengthened, instead of being diplomats, nine times out of ten matters could be adjusted without the sword. If she does not do exactly everything man does, she does not do: "but it many things he cannot or would sets she na price. oecause all goe for naught, It is high time woman set a high price on all her works and abilities, and see which bill foots im the highest. She does not nav poll tax one dollar a year! It would be far more manly tech-nloalit- Pratt, Ever since the Gospel of the Latter days m Is't the Zion of those pages Writ by prophets grand, of old. Who looked downward through the ages And their wondrous changes toid? Is't the land where, slowly wending, Tribes and nations all shall meet. In one work and worship blending, In one people, at Ilis feet? thus far prejudiced world of the unjustness and unfairness of the principles of action of our opponents towards us, than any amount of complaints or arguments we could offer. Of" one thing we are certain, that our Father and: God has body, parts and passions, and that He will hear our prayers with His ears and will! see our wrongs with His eyes, and will possibly,, in His anger, force an "cuts" again, to praise-Himin spite of all his efforts to the contrary.. awe-stricke- f, No. 0. " the Disapiinted, in their cherished ideas, JtirFbn-stitutewould-bdignitaries of"Jur Temtory e -- proceedings to'deprive usof this pri vi- lege the rigtit to vote. Is thro a lady among u., or even iff the world who does not experience a righteous indignation, and feel to protest against a course so unjust: so devoid of that true liberality that should characterize the official jurisdiction of any and every land. Not that we fear the result. No! for what- ever is done to retard our advancement will be turned in our favor, even as it was in the granting of this privilege, "We trust not 1u man, he Is mortal; Our trust is in God: He in Eternal!" Ellis R. Siiipp, M. I). TO SISTER H. T. KING. Thanks. The article on "Babyhood,"" which appeared in the last Exponent, seems to me one of the sweetest and best your ready pen has ever produced. I can believe that in sentithanking you for it, I express the ments of thousands of young mothers. How us to good it is to have some one who can help think and plan for our priceless darlings, our babies, while thev are still unable to think for betthemselves, and know no more and do no ter, often, with all their heavenly attributes, than merely to confuse and perplex us. How Isrthankful we should be for our "Mothers in ael-" and I speak now from my own experi"Mothers-in-law- " also.. ence our wise-thinki- ng LULA. IfH a remarkable fact that two-thir- ds of are women, the church members in this country men; while on the other hand, to of the criminals are men,, nineteen-twentiet- h women. and only one-thir- d one-twentie- th d 