33 BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY OF ONE OF OUR OLDEST VETERANS. formatory and governmental questsous as sljown hi the United States, by the use of the ballot, which has raised us in influence and power to the first rank as a nation, and rendered us ihe hope of all oppressed, down trodden people of the earth; broadening and developing all grades of native and foreign itora men, in whose hand the ballot has been placed; and Wjikreas, The interests and welfare of both and women in all the relations of life are identical, and whatever affects one class for either good or evil, also affects the other in the same manner and in the same proportion; there- assembled Thursday June 10th a few friends tried friend Sisat the house of our old and long to offer her congratulations ter Vienna Jacques at her 94th natal day. upon her arriving ladies intended V number of distinguished but duty called them paying her their respects, elsewhere. The old lady's apparent lease of life and vigor "is remarkable still and bids fair to give us all the rare privilege of beholding oiie hay ing li ved an hundred years. The erectness of her carriage is sufficient to fill man v of the Misses of the nineteenth century withenvy. May she Jive as Jong as she desires, and may the angel of the Lord preserve Iier from all evil both seen and unseen is the prayer of all R. R. P. her numerous friends. - , ITml anr rnnenn m rrivun to to a General come the rescue, they Iafayette r ere lrwo ri"w ment. June roses, " Resolved, That the duties of women as citizens cannot be relinquished because men's laws unperformjustly disableisthem from their complete to seek to them it but incumbent uj.ou ance, . abolish political wrongsand to establish" better ''' " The National Woman Suffrage Association annual meeting May 2Uth and 27th, according to appointmeutjin Indianapolis, Indiana. In absence of the President, Mrs. Stanton, Mies presided. The Anthony, Ladies were earnest iu their work and systematic in the manner of conducting the business of held its ge the convention. Mrs. Gage, chairman of committee on resolutions, reported the following platform and resolutions: The National Woman Suffrage Association is an organization with the special object of securing national protection for women citizens in the exercise of the right of suffrage. It recognizes the fact that our government was framed on the political basis of the consent of the governed as the security of all rights, and that the Declaration of Independence struck a blow t every existing form of government, by declaring the individual to be the source of all power, upon which newly proclaimed truth our nation rose. The members of this association, outside of our great question, hold diverse political beliefs and affiliat ions, but for the purpose of gaining their great right to the ballot, its members hold their larty predilections in abeyance; therefore, ; Resolved, That in this year of presidential nominations and political campaigns, we announce our determination to support no party by whatever name called, unless Svieh party shall in its platform first emphatically endorse; and, carries with it Wiiekeas, the right to examine' and control' all great re Self-governme- nt to-d- g . . possible. Resolved, That republican government depends for stability upon the full representation and of all citizens, aud the j eople, women as well as men, can safely be trusted to re- s, ent con-fwlera- cy present themselves. That we had with deiight the ad- 7,W? vnnce of public sentiment among all classes m favor of Woman's enfranchisement, and do we view with profound, thankfulness of "Christhe growing conviction in the mindsneed of the their of women" tum temperance rest-in- " and 'ballot, and of the duty in upon them to labor for its possession for work effecti vely order that they may more so vitally which in legislation those reforms, of so and concerns the welfare of their homo, ciety viina Jiareii, her poem entitled 'The by Comiiv Aran." Addresses were made Matilda self-governm- llv WOMAN'S CONVENTION. 1 law-makin- .' rs of the Wostae That the present Resolved, man Suffrage movement is practical, and the and asduty of Woman is to take the position sume the responsibility of citizenship as far as is "modes of government. ' nun 1 lf have one. "rNJVi as to the aid of Geo Wash in n ton in tho wnr of 1775, their own homesteads should not be made the Lexington and Bunker hill of another revolution, the most riirhteous war recorded in the history of the human race. Resolved) That the rapid advance in public sentiment and State legislation upon the rights of women, and the respect shown by Congress, indicate that our demands are in harmony with the spirit of the age, and that the political party that opposes the civil and political equality of women will have a brief lease of power. Resolved, That granting to women the right of Suffrage in so many states aud municipality on questions ot education, and tb means and methods for suppressing the firightful evils of xorever answered all questions, or expediency as to Woman's fitness prinrfp and ca fiability to exercise that right; and we hold it as most undeniable that if Woman should bo permitted to vote for laws to protect her eons from drunkenness, she should have equal voice in legislation to preserve her daughters from those dreadful dangers to which they are every day becoming more and more exposed through the unbridled and insatiable lust of men. "Kor has the power ay one single valid reason to urge why womn should not be permitted to .exercise all the rights, and assume at once ah the of exiual. .citizenship." jxesQtvea i hat tno tnaiiKS oi uns associauon are lrerey ieHderedr to: thbJirtHii.jftrt3r;iiir Congress, for rwjuetiivigthe national eomraittco seats for women delegates to provide seventy-si- x in the Chicago presidential convention,7 7 And our thanks are especially due to Hon. Thomas W. Perry, of the Senate, and to Hon. Edwin Willetts, of the House of Kepreserita-tivefor advocating this provision for women. Resolved, That we are a nation aud not a of states; that we are all citizens first of the Uuiui States, aud second of the States wherein we 'reside Hence the right of should be guaraiiWd by the nationou!d be al constitution to all citizens, and our under ballot the everywhere protected by flag. Whereas, The women of the land, defrauded of their earnings and of their personal liberty, can not educate the ayXKVWO of r men conci'rn-itheir rights as citizens; and have Whereas, Whenever State legislatures of. lile and the rank to the our submitted rights men of a State, the solid liquor interest and the fore, Resolved, That we demand the practical application of those principles to the women citizens f of the nation, who not only compose one-hathe people, but who aro nek nowedged to preeminently carry with them the', great tomoral govforces which are now so rapidly coming iecog-nitio- n ern the world; thus securing upon all the great af "ijjuions discussion rand settlequestions which rise for utrw re one-eleven- th self-governme- nt. d at ifassa-chusettaa- .'elf-cult- ure attended the meetings. Mesdames M. Isabella Home and S. M. Hey-woo- d visited Soutli Jordan and several other Wards in this county in the interest of sisters' organizations, June 10th, 11th and 12th. We have received newspaper notices in full almost of the Convention of the N. W. S. in Indianapolis, Ind., May 2Jth and 27th, but we cannot find room at present for more than the resolutions adopted by the convention. Tjie Frimary Hymn Book for the children, edited by Eliza R. Snow Smith, is now in the Lain T 2S haiids of the- - publishers. It-- will-eo- n pages, and will, it is expected, bo soUI o rtuifctm- abJy that all the cliildren in the Territory can be resisted - to-d- ay u, City or a government Resolved, That taxation without representation is no Jess tyranny , than a hundred years ago; is even more tyrannical ;when imposed on women than it could have been when sutlered at the hand of a distant and despotic government of our revolutionary ancestors. Resolved, That while the women of favored by careful computation, to be paying annually part?of all the taxes imposed on that Commonwealth, and the women of Connecticut nearly if not quite the same, we can but approve and admire the devotion to principle of Abby. Kelly- Foster, of the former, and Julia and Abby Smith, of the latter State, for refusing voluntary payment of such cruelly 'and unjustly levied imposition-- , though always at great pecuniary sacrifice and Resolvedhai what the ballot has done for it is equally capaman, native and foreign-borble of doing for woman,ahd we demand it as a means of as well as a security for our inherent rights of Whehea, The era of force is rapidly giving way to the era of intellectual and moral power, as shown in the substitution of arbitration for war; in the pfopo-e- d disarmament of Europe; in the great industrial expositions of various counof different nations tries, which bring the into acquaintance and jeope harmony; in the spread of commerce touching every distant and savage tribe: in the explorations which leave no art of the globe untrod; in the rapid strides of the railroad and telegraph; in the advance of science; in the general diffusion of knowledge; and Wjikheas, The opinions of women are powerful upon these.questions; and Whereas, The Woman Suffrage movement does not arise from personal grievances, but is a question of human right inexac- - union with the announced principles of our government; there- The Sisters' Stake Conference in Tooele County was held on Saturday and Sunday, June 12th and 13th. Mrs. Rachel R. Grant, of Salt Lake The air is heavy laden with the breath of delifragrant honeysuckle and other suncious perfumes. These with Che Charming n's, the clear spark Ujig ; nils,. and other deligh tful features of the tcenery in this sequestered vale in the--: tops, of the mountains," gladden the heart and refresh the eoul. Who is to be b e the next Fresident of the United States? is the popular question now agiThe nomination of tating the public mind. General Gartield by the Republican party has taken the people by surprise, so also, perchance, may the nomination of the Democratic candidate. There are many surprising as well as wonderful things happening nowadays, and none can tell what a day may bring forth. whatever cost. fore, EDITORIAL NOTES. A-hel- And any such claim of men, is highhandedfiynian, robbeiyUo resi-onsibiht- n' anSd kindred forces combine to defeat usj'and Whereas, To enfranchise the women of oooa State does not establish woman's rights a United States citizen to vote: therefore, to Resdved, That it is the duty of Congress submit to the legislatures of the pevera btates an amendment to the national constitution, right of suffrage.consecuring women citizens the wealth does not chief nation's Wherea8t A material resource,' bat also Its sist alone in its to secure equality of desire its and love of justice, to . all; ..therefore, opportunity and rights the in politic Resolved, That corruption the decline of patriotism the lack of justice ftrtd now winch of disloyalty prevalence of sentiment are traceable -of life the the republic endangers womerralt lrticipation It 'to withholding from "V.,ine nm Andrews Sneliccr, Miss Mary Jc slyn Gage, Lillie Devereux Blake, B Clav and Mrs. E. L. Saxon. The following resolutions were also presented on the second day inherent in Resolved, That human rights are and the inalienable right to life nature, l: ?S , nnvpr Iw rightfully surrendered totiine toSnt nor in republics, nor on the will of any government. And JnCcdom "fa not a duty and obligation than a right. 1 , anU ftmce th uualifean.l to constitute fnf? rWft 3f t &:25SS&T - ' an altri-!:";"- e first training comes from her, intclbt, ever horn wit,. for himself 'as a' hand-o- ne I i to he given, as a boon, to tl e "t", withheld a hi rapric. 1 M dictate. ;tne,trwu. W?nflX3 by the cohditWof the therefore . wltlrall her powers, as well as her', epdowment not only .imperativethe rights of citizenship, is of out free necessary for the r,erpetuatiori ly a higher type of but for the securing ( iuimjuiity; - 