WOMAN'S EXP ONE NT. 140 7Wm'. Jennings,Eliza R. Snow, W. H. Hooper, ; THE! WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1 FMIlKMiTE B. WEIXS, -- v T. Editor. In Salt Lake City, Utalu Published' TermJ: 0ne copy one year,. t00; one copy sir months, Ten copies for the 'price of ninel Advertising 1.00 ; rates: "Each square; ten lines of 'nonpareil space, one A Hteral discount to time, fS.00;" per montbr3.6o.' ' '.. r j regnlaradtertliers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council : Business hours House, South Temple Stfcet.' -from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday. Address all business commtmlcAtions to ; semi-monthl- y, I ' ' . Publisher Woman's Exponent, - Bait Lake City, Utah. r 1: SALT LAKE CITY, FEB. 15, 18S0. , SERICULTURE. It Till have been seen that an organization has been effected lately, denominated the "Ufcah'SIlk Association' for the purpose of giving definite sc.)p9 to this1 rising industry among our people.1 A number of curpromin-en- t citiz ?ns have subscribed quite liberally to its stock, and there seems to be a strong: de3ire manifested that it should be made a success. For some time the lata. President Brighain ' Younj. eocQajaed thla eaterprise, and he was very efficiently sustained bymanyof our prom-inelisters, who have done all tbey could to foster ancl establish it in our midst. Aud at the last biennial session of tha Legislature, the assembly voted an appropriation of fifteen hundred dollars, "To Aid the Utah Bilk Asso ciation motion purchasing and putting-ifor machinery manufacturing silk." I understand this appropriation has been mostly us ad for the purpose designated in the grant, and the machinery is now here and ready for use. It has for years past been practically demon strated tliat in this mountainous country the elernentk am ahnnilnnf native I sincerely hope that the psopla will take hold of this industry and work it up with renewed determination, to this end as Trintea-in-TruI have subscribed stock therein, and much more could have been had here, but it was thought best to hate it distributed through the Territory. I therefore cheerfully join with the officers of the Utah Silk Association in asking the people to become stockholders, aud cultivate the mulberry as soon as the geason and" soil are rea'Jy for putting in trees, seed aud cutllngs. r also Invito the Presidents of Stakes and Bi3hopj of the Ward, to lend their influence and aid in behalf of this laudable and necesaary enterprise, that the labors of our sisters may be brought to a successful issue, and sericulture, as it should become one of the prominent industries of our mountain home. and the stipulated ;25 per cent, paid thereon. To enable the Association to carry out the objects of the organization, as recited above, with Zealand success, additional mesus are needed;, accordingly a stock book has been opened in this city, and the ? people are hereby cordially Invited to take stock in the institution and become shareholders therein. We will be ' glad to learn that the leading citizens of the different sections of the country will interestx themselves in this matter and invite subssrib- ers to this stock and forward the names and amounts to the secretary without delay,eo that the good work may commeiicd and be conducted to a successful issue. In a'short time we hope to be in a position to advertise for the purchasa "of. cocoons and raw silk from the producers, and to give them their market value in cash. The season to plant young trees and to put in seed and cuttings will soon be here. Now is - the time to initiate this work. Any information th people may desire on the subject of sericulture, in any or all of Jits, branches, wiil be gladly furnished, on application by letter or - otherwise, to the secretary." nt VVm. v WOMAN AND HER DUTIES. the s st ; John Taylor. THE FRIENDS OP HOME INDUSTRIES EVERY- WHERE. Be It known, Jennings, President. o . silk-Drodud- TO that on the 17th day of last month'the Utah Bilk Association was organized under territorial charter. duties of the gentler sex are a favorite theme of conversation, and indeed a most Important ope, which should be studied aud were It i bssible be correctly understood. New light diwua upon this subject, as upon others, whVa one comes to investigate it intelligently That woman's mission on the earth is a glori- ous one , none can deny who reflect seriously, upon life and its possibilities. "To bear the souls of men" and women, immortal souls, is something graud and holy. That for this divine purpose woman should have the moat careful preparation, the largest opportunities for culture, and the beat possible conditions, erery thoughtful person will concede. An eminent physician wiitiug upon this subject says, "when woman permits herself to bear children ehe gives bond to heaven for their souls." Admlttiug there is mush truih in this sentiment, though strongly expressed, then indeed what manner of women ought mothers, to be aud how extremely cautious should be their choice of fathers for these immortal souls. Whafthen should be the train-in- g of girls, who are to bear thee heavy responsibilities, and to bs the mothers of the races of mankind? Can too much be done to enlighten their mincU, to educate their heads and their hearti? Girls should be taught from their earlhst years' to qualify themselves to beome worthy of the exalted office of d to choose wisely the companion who Is to be thy in this great wwrk of new life to an immortal belogi The power to regulate civil and social conditions has not yet been equally balanced between men aud women, but has commenced to work in a small degree and new light is constantly dawning upon the minds of the people. Should not woman, theniother, have a voice in what should be the conditions of the society in which her sons and daughters are to be ushered? The government and its reguUtions,ahouId she not mother-hood,an- co-mi- te the cultivation of Hilk worms, to manufacture silk from the raw material, to engage in the business of buying and selling silk products, to buy and sell and distribute silkworm eggs, to encourago the growth of.mulberry trees, and to own and operate a silk factory or factories, and do all other business connected therewith. The cpttal la'.SlO.OOO, divided in 1,000 shares of $10 each. The directors elected by the stockholders are : A. M. Musser, Secretary. Salt Lake, City, Feb, 6, 1880. n . . 7 ? ' Zina D. Young, A. M. Musser, M. Isabella Home and A. C. Pyper. The officers chosen by the directors are VVm. Jennings, President; Eliza R. Snow, Vice President; , A. M. Musser, Secretary; and Paul A. Scliet Jer, Treatrurer. Over 52,000 of the stock has already been taken, I : im-parti- ri: ug ; have a correct and positive knowledge of when so much is at stake? Has not every mother learned that while crime and wickedness is countenanced her sons, dearer far than her own life,are liable to be drawn into the fearful whirlpools of sin and wioked nes3 that are all aroand? Would not every intelligent woman be glad to exert an Influsnee which might be beneficial for the public good? one can do very Jiltle, but united woman's strength might we'gh heavily in the balance of right. In what way woman can work most eftYctmlly is the question to be Single-hande- d : considered? That woman's centre is the home life,that an inviolate home is her sanctuary , we firmly and truly be ieve; but that she should havepowe to exert an instrumentality in all the depart-men- t, whereby her offspring are to be protected, educated and provided f jr, seems only rational and proper. If as we have been taught and believe the Gospel has lifted; w6men to a nobler place than she occupied berfore, and the women of this Church have proved their Integrity to its principles by practically assisting in working out a new theory of marriage upon a'higher plane, yet an entire innovation upon the accepted theory and practise of the countries in which they were reared, then are they riot capable of d influhaving a voice,a positive and ence in the education and government which is to afT?ct in a large sense- - the posterity born and reared under these conditions? That women Who have had large xperience especially In this Church are capable of doing great good in a broad sphere, we do not hesitate to say; and we candidly believe that when wlmiali'sdu privileges come to be more fully understood the wy will be more widely opened,and fbe glad result will be more of that finerelemrnt of spirituality which wil strengthen the higher and nobleir characteristics of the human soul and aid men and women in the struggle for victory over sin and error. Meantime earneit, prayerful women with steadfast hop9 and faith will look to the future, and as prejudice dies out before them and their work, they will be justly recognized iu their woman'y effjrU to kid in a higher, broader and deeper civilization for all mankind, which will.help prepare the way for the Millennium, the reign of peace on earth. . , well-define- OUR TREASURES. With what zealous if not jealous care we watch over our earthly treasures, the little caskets that contain them ate carefully looked after by day and by night, This Is right and custom has made it so, but I often tnihk when eternal treasures are committed to our care are we consistent with the laws of nature, or do we conform too much tocustom that delicate machinery. I will call it the vital functions of life? Ususally these must be bound and confined sufficiently tight to hold 5 or 6 yards of cloth without any support from the shbulders,(:wlll except a few) and they were iom a Jbteign country. We have a high altitDde, the air is high, we nevd a much greater quantity to inflate the lungs properly than in lower altitudes, then why iiot cut the bands ued for the babe with narrow pieces across the ebouiders, or few on an extra piece, thus supporting the babe's alothes and not confining the precious jewel-cas- e In such an uncomfortable condition that all kinds of remedies are needed to stop its cries, when it. is only on account of the 'Ignorance of the mother, or nurse. By attaching a old of tape doubled or soft cloth about an inch : 