W O MAN '8 EXP ONE NT. : -- jjainTpresidmg w uumueu reading of jnlnuiemo mt?eung E. R. BWtellarad Horil Iv; K by Sister Snotr'SniiUi, Bishop I'.tM.Steivart iheneftdorsed the remarks of; the Bisters, and, added atrong Singing, benediction. testimony of the Gospel, At noon a party of the sisters were invited to .dine at Bro. Joshua Terry 'sahd after substantial r.dinnery were partaking of a good shown over the grounds. Brother Terry has five acres enclosed as a garden, which Is highly cultivated. Fruit trees of almost every variety, ? -- luxuriant grape yineSjdeliciousraspbie of different colors,also strawberries that are now nearW our pleasan t ly all gone. We all qui enj oyed ramble through the grounds. At 2 p.m. a meeting was held to organize a Primary Association. There were as many present as could crowd into "Sister Eliza" addressed the the school-houschildren on the subject of being organized and explained to the parents and children , the need there was of spiritual training for the young,the great lack there had been In this regard in times Mrs. Catharine Smith was ? past. ejected President, Mrs. Emma Terry and Mrs. Elizabeth Day, Counselors; Alice Stewart, Secretary; Eliza Stewart, Assistant Secretary, and Delia Fitzgerald, Treasurer, One hundred and gix members were enrolled. Sisters' Wells and Home talked a little to the children, and the meeting closed in the usual way. The children kept excellent order and seemed much interested in all that was said to them. e. intense. She has done much good in waiting on tuo biv;& unu ueeuy m our society. Eanxy Kofpobd, In behalf of the R. S. Spring City. Died in Pleasant Green, at fifteen minutes to 12 o'clock, June 28, 1880, after an illness of two Hinti' wife of the late deceased 1ohn Hirst. She was born March , 1818, in Slaithwaite, England, and M as baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattlday Saints in 1853, emigrated to Utah in lmfm0 , the mother of thirteen children. She leaves one son and nine daughters, thirtynine grandchildren and many friends, who deeply mourn her loss. She was a good, kind, faithful wife and mother. . She hasalways had a! desire that as soon as the Lord saw fit to take her to her bus. months and band, who died J ust. twenty-on- e before twenty-on- e days her, that it would be a the In happy day. spring of 1879, Sister Snow and Sister Home organized a Belief Society in this Ward, and Sister Hirst was elected President, the duties of v hich office she has performed well. Pather.than miss her meeting she would walk four miles. She was a woman of the purest principles and greatest integrity, and was well respected by all who knew her; wherever she went she gained the good will of all her t associates. She was liberal to the poor, fai thf u I of Cod, and true to her trust as a and as a good, useful member of the Ward in which she lived. She has passed from earth with a full assurance of an eternal salvation vrith. the redeemed and sanctiJed in Jesus Christ. - Everything pertaining- to tHeTollegemd lectures seems well done, and well applied. The Chemical facilities I learn cannot be equaled in the United States.? l do not. knawr.rhtfw hundred tables they nave m the Laboratorymany for Physiological, Chemical and ArialyticaL' Work. Theibuilding la large; furnished with several wings fatted up with; gas and .water .wbris, and suitable apparatus,' yet Ithia laummep they will still add to The grounds which is an enclosureiof somecalleUiitheiiCnmpus 100'rods square is a lovely place for a walk, on is shialdedt from the sehorchh sun by tlio trees n ho W,7 and j. the as- Iphaltum walks so niee-t- the feef and,i the is carpeted witb green Rraaii f In: ifiis enclosure is situated the great University of Michigan comprising the Department Science and the Arts: mcludingi the Schools of Mines) .The Departments,; of Medicine and Surgery the Department of Law; theuschbols of t i,;X''.9.a!Ior9!c , it . hand-maide- 'Til praise my Maker : Pharmacy, the HomoedjthksIedicalj.and the Dental College. Two large Hospitals There is considerable clashing betwera. the. professors of the liegular school of Medicine and the is could scarcely be expected otherwise when the two schools are at Jkrck widff differences from each other. : whofoAtan Artec as its name Implies fa sufficiently feminine to make the place attractive. More Anon. Homoo-pathic,th- On-th- San pRANCiscoj' Jun Editor Exponent: MeKnigh tr - She r departed this life June 3d, 1880. Her complaint was dropsy, from which she suffered six months and two weeks. Sis ter Sarah MeKnigh t was ever faithful to the cause of truth, was a teacher in our society for many years, always counseling good to the members. She has endured many afflictions, but by the exercise of faith she always possessed, she was enabled to overcome, uutil her last sickness. She was a loving wife, an affectionate mother and a true Saint of God. She died as she had lived, in full faith of the Gospel, with the glorious hope of coming forth in the resurrection of the just. The deceased, Sarah Howell MeKnigh t, was born December 25th, 1833, in South Wales; was baptized at the age of twelve years; emigrated with her parents to Australia shortly after; was married to James McKnight April 4th, 1854; started the same day to the home of the Saints. She leaves her husband and ten children, an aged mother, and a large circle of friends to mourn her loss. P. A: Z. Utah, June, .1880, Sister Caroline King and Lena Olsen. Sister King has been a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints for 49 years, has passed a through great many of the persecutions inci- dent to the rise of the church. She has been faithful to the last; a kind andlutiful Wife and motherland we .now feel assured she has gone to enjoy the Fiftieth Year's Jubilee with the just behind the vail. Sister .Olsen w one of our beloved teachers. She was a widow when she emigrated from Scandinavia, but she brought , her family to Zion. She has suffered most severely for three years with an inward . cancer, which Anally caused her death . Sh e was! sur, rounded by a large family of children, who are left to mourn her loss, though they were glad she bouid be relieved for hpr suffering was so ; ; ; n while I've breath, j , , VlRA. ANN ARBOK, MlCII'GAX Juim. 2Sth, lftftO. , . Aunt Em. While all nature seems hushed and the b tiffafter a threatening thunder-storthe carriage wheels as they ing dust lies beneath are whirling past in scores to enjoy the washed air and the cooling breeze, and the leaves are water that has so recently silvery from falling bathed them, I find ! have lust time for one to admire nature decked in her most beautiful I upon: the "weather attire, and comment a from awakened I if have wonder almost just dream and have been asleep all these months since I last wrote. had time, to realize Really, I have scarce or friend a foe, whether the moon whether I had been lost to every I have et. rose or the sun Vou will please and lectures. tiling but books down when I leaf remember where I turned the had arrive! at Ann was last talking to you:: J Arbor here I met Miss Mattie Paul Iluch is now very lwy cPtmg to recei ve her Degree as M. D., the 1st of July, is not tins welcome news? You would think so if yon had traveled and briars, altheanie road through brambles is valuable the road is though the knowledge has gained the point, rough and thorny, She and won the prize and many readers in Utah will have the pleasure of her acquaintance and usefulness when she feels she has what she wants and needs and the whisperings arecome homei were My visit at thecollege my anticipations satisfied with .the oppofully realized and IJifelt ad saw opened for me. I found rtunity that I to. what I had atjust what I wanted toI add tained in Philadelphia made no delay but again my nameas amedical the second time registered The lectures are work. to went student and have completed I them with now closed and receivad and myCer. my studies in Chemistry U this Itfc?aston!sbing what art a.encg . m , conclusion that it ia the Jack of, yoptlifjuJ amusements of which the children: are deprived. Boys in particular;1 girls can amuse tbemsejyes in the house, but boys must., be outtand baye breathing room. All, or nearly all, of; the ganies and ar prohibited by. Iaw; riThey fure not poW"is allowed to fly kites because theyr get entangled with the telegraph wires; no ball games, for it for breaks peopled heads; no there is no place to hide; no whistjes, for there are no trees; no sleds or skates, for there is no snow or ice; noplace. to make a wagon, for there are no boards, and for my part I sympathize with the much abused boys; tnere is no place for them to play but the street. If they go into a park, there i .pian,tolfeep them ofrhe grass, 'and If. they '.sit on' thtOjt.;" 'thVhiqsp, soma one throws water on thern. The great cry is, ."What shall we. do. With our boys?". I think that m large citfe's,.sdrne suitable place should be prayideil ;fprthehito play beside the street If, the city'.shpdldhire some wagons, to let the boys have a ride for' dnu in their lives, or provide some suitable amuse tfrant, Jt vrould be cheaper than boarding them at the State's expense. :If they had bmethirig to occupy thvir minds, theyi' Would not getrinto so much mischief. The depravity, 'among the children here is frightfuLf,i lioys sixears of age diuerntces fft older smoking and hide-and-go-se- TheUjre'one Ie the 19th,cent,ury is ndend; the more they know'there into the great are merging of emenringfrom,they Ubor tegan can of Imowledge, anT the. : only be continued in anotherphere. .. , ek, r- - Ic.frig the State prison has no terrors;' rind; Qtri6 of you mothers who are so anxious about yborown litr tie ones should .feel content and thantGod that you are so fat away from such wickedness. be cii thb change politiEverything seems to. j we are cally, financially and dornestJcdliy, to ' , . sometimes we haye-aeiratlfte tbeilate awful railroad accident; bi$lach; on: of youwho long jfor a view crf tbe worJd had.bffit, remain, ftt home, where you are compomtiyclj ife and where you ix uever droam. the half Uiat'ff being done in .Por- - the lack Pf other , the great,; busy world. amusement, I watch the cluldren in t these narrow streets, where: children are .so nunieroui, and I reason within myself why nearly all of them turn out bad, and I , have J arrived at the CORRESPONDENCE. ,t 1880. . tr 15uPwftfc$ Died in Spring City, 1 8thi present merely the- local newr o(a large which does not makAistingjimpression. city Local news fioLotiTOurersi euiclaes, nd ecanda4sj of wich we ,c,fironte dent, to sus us from s?Ay ,to day: tan jw, to enougb. ot praise shall ne'er be past, and tbonght and being last, life While - j Babney. jlf,',.',,? "i There baa been nothing of vlateof fipeciai n, Or immortality cndnres.'V e Bw'S. Mj The Sistors of the Minereville Relfcf Swleiy have been called to mourn the loss of one of their most faithful members, the beloved wife bal-anc- e; o Aud when my rpice is lost in death, OBITUARIES. -- all living irra snsscj'nieirigi.fceems threaten us. but what, time oniy wiureytai. ; . The gavel used'? a? , lueijChtcago .convention the was made of w)d'ffom';LihcoInfs home,ernon Mi. the oh cane handle Was a 'grown' estate. , It was presented as a eouytn to bena- M'fff, J admirable;preBidmgWei their horn to. , ! "most to all interested . jreerJwi. r 7 Jt, tle1md&cpmmaling .trv'A 