The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER Vol. 9. the map, who U never afraid The cause f the poor, or oppressed, to aid And I'll show you a prince! as brave, as just, Thftt the humblest, the highest, the wor!d,c6uId trust. Show irie, the man, who exerts his might To remedy ivrongs," that the world thinks right And I'll show you a king! a champion true! Show me, A Man's justice is tardy and sparsely given'. But the Rights of Women are dear to Heaven! And a brighter Era, will woman see; Behold the Dawn of her Destiny! Is anything new, beneath the Sun? Oh yes, in the west hath the day begun; The dawn of Right in the West appears; That shall brighter glow with the strength of years. Defender of Freedom! of Woman too! the being ungrateful, who tramples down The bights of woman, is Knave or Clown; Nearly, a Nero! he stands confest, He could smite, like that hero (?,) his mother's breast. "The primitive Curse" is enough to bear; And the Women of Utah the first will share 'The honors" with men nor content they'll be Till Women all over the earth are free. should not women have rights in common? Who, i6 so base, to this fact deny? Be 6ure, they are frauds, who would wrest, Rights from them; Be sure they are creatures, would cheat and lie. By her strength of affection, her strength of will Doth not a woman her task fulfill? The mother of kxaX yea, their friend most true her due? Is man so small, to with-hol- d S.-L- f r (Continued.) There are times in. the history of individuals when the life seems full of wonderful events crowded into close proximity; whe there is a realizing sense of completeness, which is lik a rapturous burst of thrilling melody, psalm of praise and rejoicing, as it were, which is often followed by a soul-ferequiem, sad in comparison, yet as grand and lofty, as eloquent and full in greatness, as the of meaning, as significant .. ,1 . ,1 loudest antnem oi gwuness. shrank from "The Curse,1' through the ages past? Cross Is her Crown, from first to last, Her Nay! Bat if Woman should less of a heroine be, The wid of creation, 4)e sure you'd see. K lt passing strange . 1 1 1 L' 1 -v - 1 ma?ul4 his tetcxA MS'H&JIli,. f4 a A nrAm'flTi DiftvM Tilt rpfn-tf-- . ?' , , events transpireu mere uunng years; and in many of them the lady of whom o rulwe write Dora a conspicuous puit. have said to be she may ing this period that been brought forward as a leader among women. It was her destiny. The Relief Society was organized in Nauvoo were apby the Prophet Joseph, and women to pointed, or called and set apart, to preside, to and the sick, keep records, to lay hands on and mercy, perform other deeds of charity, love that pertain to the true mission of woman, which had not before been defined in the canow made complete pacity of an organization, yet reacliing out in itself and to obkindly to all its members an opportunity and tain knowledge and intelligence, blessings her laboss. In keys pertaining to woman arid this first organization, Sister Eliza was chosen forSecretary, which brought her prominently ward as one of the founders of the institution, orand helped to prepare her as an organizer; features of her ganization is one of the strong combined with character; her'executive ability, this happy faculty, gives great strength to this she has had much department of her work, and to do in this capacity. When one calls to'imnd the fact that there are three hundred branches of tlie Relief Society, almost as many Young Ladies' Associations, and hundreds of Pnmary Associations for the children, noy in working nrrlpr and that she has done a large proportion ... Ann ,00 nn At hut. w" i - aekhowledsre v,t Ot tne organising, that she must have possessed extraordinary direction. Through power and ability in this has great y blessed Lord these institutions the dawned upon her mind, woman, new light has and holier latent thoughts have been aroused, have given aspiration awakened, that to her lifework expression and deeper meaning more than two years after the frdr -- ession, should favor'd exempted append to the primal Ban? Doth it follow, if Woman, a cross must bear-T- hat it warrants the world to her Rights foreswear? And wherefore, man-Oppr- j-- think you, because of that fata! "Fall" That W oman, is born to be held in thrall? Because her submission, the Heaven's approve-- To "the one" who is worthy her special love. Or it strange that a woman her Right desires?. That of wrongs and suppression at last she tires? Monopolies rarely the world have blest; Distribution of blessings is always best. Equality even, "The Sex", might claim; But a change for good is their humble aim; That the Laws are partial, and men perverse- -la cruel tys Capping of Nature's Curse. Is self-governin- "The Laws" for protection should e'en be just, But to love to affection the weak must trusty?) Can we possibly picture a man of mind Submitting his all,' to' a God sp blind? In the grand old Bible, 'tis thus we read "Man's-hearis deeitful and wicked indeed," . Wherefore should woman depend altogether For Justice, on aught that might change like the weather t craves, protection find, Bat many a wife 13 a slave of slaves, As many a husband Is true and, kind. Love and "protection 'Tis a blessing that many . -- what of the women who no'erure blest With the staunch support of ft jnanly breast? Custom and Law should their rights defend Bat neither Alas! is a woman's friend. But Custom with holds, ('tis as mean as true) To Woman the half of her ' wages due; And nothing at all; "the law relaxes If a woman can't vote, shs must pay her taxes. 'Tis woman's Laws" be fair, request that ' And ero she wills it, Beware! Beware! ' . : But anon, the scene was changed. Many schemes were laid and plans formed to bring trouble upon the Saints. Rulers and governors sought to adopt measures and enforce laws to oppress the people, who had already suffered so much at the hands of their enemies. The authorities of the State were interceded with in behalf of justice for the oppressed. It was perfectly proper, in the extremity to which the Saints were driven, that women should entreat justice from those in power, whose duty it was to procitizens. Sister Eliza was a tect fit messenger to go upon such an vrraml. The published. circumstance has n?vr before been . of Smith, July.lfc-ilrsiatter tb? "In part a peRelief the of proposed .JVesident Society his protection tition to Governor Carlin, asking with enreceived was which of Joseph Smith, thusiasm by unanimous vote. Sister Eliza, wrote the petition, which was signed of by several hundred ladies, and in companyvisAVarren Mrs. Smith, President Emma and in Quincy, residence his at Governor ited the Adams, Co., ..111., where they were most cordially received and courteously treated by theGovernor and family. Pres. Mrs. Smith anlaw-abidi- R. SXOYV SMITH. ELIZA even Adam, (O, lasting shame) to a Belflsh aim; ' "T'was the Woman that gave me the fruit" so fair 'Tis the woman, O, Lord, thai the Curse should bear. TVrt City. YOMAN. Alas! . T PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS Sacrificed Eve, "fot Emily Hill Woodmaksee. -- And This fact is significant, ness. . So Has she organization of the Belief Society, the life of this remarkable woman was exceedingly rich in the fulness of friendship and love: she was enjoying the conipanioiishipof those who were dearer to her than aught else on earth the Prophet of God, her loyal husband; her highest and holiest ambition for this life was thus satisfied in the restfulncss of a union so sacred that it seemed the perfection of earthly happi Extend to woman, the means of grace Exalt through the motherthe human race. BEHOLD THE DAWN. No. 10. 15, 1880. . , ; something g, t e ng visit, and her Secretary -- present with the- e ;wo kindest ex- to which lie responded his protection piWmn, and gave assurances of of the prophet, saying emphatically: "I believe Mr. Smith is innocent." But alas! how veritathe truthfulness bly did those petitioners prove of the following saying of Josephus: "A man's words may be either true or false, according to the import of them, but by his actions do we know the real intent." Soon after their return home, they learned that at the very time of their visit, and while and profexpressing sentiments of friendship, to the prophet, fering gubernatorial protection offithe Governor, in connection with Missouri cials, was plotting his destruction. ot The above is one of the many instances fromthose holding perfidy and double dealing the reins of government, who should have been The history and protectors of. the innocent. record of the events thot occurred at that time substantiate the facts to which we refer. The tesincident we have here related is one of the Govertimonies which will stand against that nor at the last day, for the persecution steadily the increased." Wicked men, the enemies of Latter-da- y work, would not let the prophet rest They kid snares in his way, they sought evil houi they, to take away IiisJife, and in an of that succeeded. Oh, the horror, the anguish be told m terrible tragedy can never, never the prophet words. The Saints aU mourned to whom his plighted slain, but alas! for those, but those who vows were pledged: none know, souk JYteit suffered, what agony rent their gifted, noble woman, to this great man, this loyal Berwtof ho affections Most High, her heart's best Lad sacrifice thought earw:.ui in tobjishing again on - len tgreatim 4 ; 