to that I could have gone. It was too dreadful at ace that lifeless form again. I think that, that time, the day before he had been orfulldan-of life and vigor, with no thought of death ger, and I am not sure that we did any good by going. Then and ever since the wildest tales have been circulated. "We had left Nasif ever bo far behind, and he was alone when the accident happened. We had left him alive; we had left him in the care of Moslems. We had and this had caused changed saddles with him a few of the reports are the accident." Thesewildfire about the town, that have spread like our at last that minds and though we made up we would not go over the dreadful details any more, except to satisfy reasonable people, or Christian people or friend3 of the family, there have been too many of these for us to have any rest from the hopeless tak of setting people is right. The one thing everybody harps upon our having left the body, and, with the terrible experience we have now gained of Arab I think we should none of us do the name again, Still, what we should have done is If we had been able to get men a question. from Haratiyeh to bring it with us, we could not have been home here till midnight, and there would have been three houses kept in the most terrible anxiety. Moreover, if we had beeu ever so familiar with the Arab mode of regarding such things, wie should hardly have expected to have to take th is in to accoun t when i t was the family of the.rC M. S. clergyman that was ? (oucerned. And now I must relate the last iniquity of this iuiquitous government. Some time ago Esaad Dauod told us to got lid of all our bishlik, they were to be , called in. Last week our man, owa home from tho market and said the government haa UBMminced that the bishliks, wuzzeries and rhamsies were longer current coin, and that all the shops were shut, if ja England all your copper and silver coins under five shillings were taken from you, you would be in.about our plight. We had nothing Jeft but gold majeedies, about seven shillings, to go on With, and of course no trade could be done. On Saturday the, crier announced on the part of the government that the Turkish pound or lira (issued at 147 piastres) was now to be 100, the bishlik "(issued at 6) to be 2h and the other coins in the same nroportion, I. e. less than half Ya-koo- rr-th- dr going in companies through the streets, crying and wailing, and some we hear are actually dying. March 18. We hear now tliat the lira is to remain at its former value that the bishlik is to be 3 piastres instead of 6,the wuzzeries 5 instead of 7 J, so our loss will be comparatively trifling if wickedthings only stay as they are. But the most efare is that the very poorest ness of it disare such fected by it. Thebishliks dirty to no one who has coins that enough gusting one him change into gold would keep them by hour longer than he could help; but the poor living from hand to mouth have never more than a few bishliks in hand at a time. A j oor widow, the mother of our teacher Saada, has been trying for years to recover a large sum that was owing to her husband when he died. She thought herself so happy last week in getting part of this paid, but the canny debtor had paid her in bishlik, and in a few days the poor woman aw her little treasure dwindle down to less than half its value. As a minor evil, but quite a sufficient trial of one's temper, imagine keeping accounts here, where we are not only subject to such things as thin, but where the currency is different in every town. For instance Souidan sent my account for postage for the quarter. It was nominally b") piastre?, but reckoned in the government currency it came to 77, thus making us pay nearly hall' as much again for1 every letter as the nominal MHtage. Whether we go to Haifa or Beyrout, or JafJa orJerusalem,etc., etc., there is a new currency to learn nnd to lose by. former vaJu Miss Tanner saw one once, but in the eight , years she has been here, she lias never had one in her possession; still the value of the coinage it always rt;ckoneA in piastres. Now, do you bee the dodge or the government? It is nolhing to the Sultan and his advisers that trade should be paralyzed throughout the Empire: they will take care that tho taxes are .paid, anu making the poor fellaheen ysxy all their taxes at the new rate, is the same thing as doubling almost treblingall and Caldcr's Surgeon. Store. IPlxysloia-x- of Children a xi Lungs. and Diseas-e- h or th Thuoat,. Heabt Willi FORCE PUmpS. Addrcti, David Jamet, Box 306, Soli Lake City. ROHAHIA B. PRATT, pmrciciAn Ann surgeosj, OFFICE Up stiars, in Old Constitution Built 'nf, Residence six blockB east of Post Office, south side of street. .pelal tuay nas been given to Obstetrics, diseases of Women, and -- DISEASES of the EYE AND EAR NEW SPRmC STOCK. F. AUERBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Templk Hthket, Salt Lake City, Five hundred piece of Drese Goods, Embroideries, Ruch ings, Five' Hundred pairs100Kid Gkires, Trimmings, Ladies Cartx)nfl of Ribbons. Tics, Cu and Collar, Millinery Stock in the Wesu Notions Largest Wholesale boots aim Shoes, Gents' and Boys' Ciotkinr and PurniBhln 6 jroods. Etc., Etc Falace Fashion, No. a East Temple 17 Slreet. MRS. C. E. DYE Desires tLe ladks of Salt I afee and those vlsitiny Conference to cali at her show rooms and see ber new stock of MILLfNKKY The latest and most 6tylish modeoof Hats and Bonnets in Straw, Felt and Velvet. A!, a met) selection in Flowers, Feathers, Mushes, Velvet and Iq the latent shadts and stripes Country oealerg, please call Ladles' Hair work in all its branehe;. Good Kib-bo- worx iruaranteed. ci Z. ivr T Wholesale and lie tall Dealinr In ail kinds of DRY NOTIONS, GROCERIES HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, QliAJSZL AND V UElENSfPAJlE. . . IM PL EMNETS. &c. ... GOODS, S A T TEitSDEL' I.Alir 1TT. 8 ALT Special departmeuU for (ienl'a Clothing Lnrties and (hilfJri'ii'ri Shot-sDry Ooodbj Hhavvia and Dompntic.', Hardwaie and UroctritH, Btovs. ani Carper, isffffii It fa the best Blood Inriflor, pire, or Syria and Palestine only. Ws shall e near Fnothing till we get our English papers.-Thstray bits of new (rom Beyrout and Jerusalem are not reliable. If it is only a piece of local oppression you will not have heard of it: but surely if it is to affect the whole Empire there will be something like a. revolution, and the papers will take notice of it. fhelieve a reform of the currency was to l)e one of the reforms hp much talked about, but England never dreamt of such a method of initiating 1L I will show' you how it works on a small scale in the limited area of our observation. Having a well stored magazine here at the Orphanage,and a good stock of vegetables already in the garden? we had not much fev of suffering from starvation of trade, and though Yakoob came from the market day after, day, "no meat to be had," that was a very small matter, for these children (who do not ,care for meat or any European dishes) compared with the distress and even starvation their relatives and the poor generally were enduring. You see if they had a little money and- - were willing in their extremity to part with it at its lowered value, the tradesmen would.notadceptit. Every- ' body suspected a trick and very possibly when a r A LARC- -: iiaruefa Safe It c medics fare sold y JDrugrfsts ana Dealers in Medicine everywhere. EEWMER&01, rropnewrs. OBeod for PamnUet TUmoAilala. B. IDXnXJPO'RJD STOCK for sale by JOHN C. t LEU, of tbp PliOVO WOOLEN MILLS, Constitution Balldlngr, aleo CUT- - Ag-eu- t Home-Ma- Drown Yarn, White Varus, Tolored Varus, Cassirneres. Twtedg, R!ankets, Flannels, SbiwJs, Li 118.' j p, Jeans, Old de Cotton Battittg, Wool Batting, Brooms, Washboards, Brushes, etc HAVE YOU KEEN THE NEW w FIM SIHB IMIIi Dot ycu thouid duso t ncet and examine the Ne IP 7dit-in SHlng Mcchine CoaStructlon The Sew , t m appeaanc- - and admirable in operais tion, rues veiy easily and vr tbont any nolle atd confu-bi..u, although i he rateof spof-is very high. Its sell seitlng and flf threading hu tie, and abeence f springs aDd c ,kB recders both imp!e and dumble. Be sure to see it, for its general advantages will make you its friend Ma'-hli-e el'-jran- f d 1 Victor Sewing Machine Co., Chicago, JEEL. III. IDI3STW"OOIDE"Y". WnOLCSALK JLNf) RMAIX OXALKR IK re-iss- QPECIAL ATTENTION PAID to FilUnfl: and Preseniiiir the KJ Natural teeth. Teeth extracted. Falsk TErmCarefully Insertod from one tooth to a Full Set. in the Most Approved Manner. PhlCES "Sua the Times and first Clam Work Guaranteed. OJTICE: WANTED, F 110 ME MADF TRUNKS .... J. of all CLASES and stimulate toellminatlngthelmpnrttieiofthebIool,th natural and neceswiry result is the care of Scrofulous and otner Skin Eruptions and Diseases, including Cancers, Ulcers and other Sons. r,-..I)T8DIm(l&.V7lAlrBMiftftha(lnin.K P&tfon. Dizziness, General Debility, ar eta, cored by the Safe Bitten. It la imequaled ma win rcKiumr vomc medicine which should be in ercrrfsnv It is afivMM;c UT. &nd Which vhmnrar nut Hll .1 paymeiit of man doctors' bills. good part of the taxes have beeu got in, the gov- , DRIED FRUiTS fanction to more healthful action, and la f7y Una a benefit in all disease. -- tradesman, and he would only sell for gold, French or Englinh. The starving people were AKO PumiM JKepaf red on abort notlM. arOrders from the country promptly responped t.--st OFFICE on Main Street, over Music RESIDENCE on South Temple Street, between yth . and 10th East Streets, ' fr st'' i'il attention given to Obstetric, Di.easeH their taxes, We do not know whether this tyranny is to effect all the Turkish Em ernment may raise the rate again and thebishllks which they took at two and a half, at their former value, six and a quarter. In Haifa, the people depend almost entirely upon the steamers for their supplies'; last week, from stress of weather, the steamer could not land her cargo (only the malls), so there was no flour or wheat in all the placeexcept wi th Mr. Ducksa German RUHSETS CELEBRATED LIFT . ELLEN B. FERGUSON, Jxwe&,) Tinner, Gas. WaterFOB& Steam Fitter AQEST -- &, is a purely imaginary coin. (Succesor to Mitchell A HAIR ST., OPPOSITE SALT- - LAKE HOUSE P.O. box 541. FURNITURE BPKING BEDe. WIRE MATTRE88E8. Feathers Wall Paper BAB Y U A B R I AO E S.. 75. 77, & St. S. L. C First AND 79, gouth 