WO and the uuivereal judgment of every intelliiedmau present was and is gent and that the exprriuaeut was a SLiCce." P Judge Kingman, Associate Ju.ice of the Supreme Court of Wyoming wrsies fronTTLira-rn- i City to It. D. Douglas, JEHi.: "I aui glad to have theppportunity to refute the idle c luuiny to which you refer. Of a large number of cases tried in this Territory by woaien Justices of the Peace, only two have been appealed, and thess two were both sustained by the Appellate Court, and judgment ordered in accordance with the deeisionof the woman Jus'dce; "AnJ the truth is where there wore men and women justices in the same town at the sumo time, and where parties brought th-i- r case; before either at their own selec i j, trie women have hid by far the greater number to .try, Ld have given the best satisfaction. To be sure we have not had a large number of women justices. We have here, as everywhere e se, a set of drones who want to get their living without work, and the manage to crowd Women out of nearly every place of profU and honor; but whenever and wherever she has had a chanca to bring her talent or her influence into fair comparison wi h the men here in Wyoming, she has invariably appeared to a i vantage, and all parties have been benefitted " Facts &uch as these speak for themselves and need no comment. fiir-mi- n he While reading to day, I noticvd a quotation from a chapter on Character, which may be found in Rev. William G Elliot's Lecture to Young Women, which commences thus: "Little as maybe our reject for a man without good principles, a woman without good princi? pies deservts aLd'will receive less." How can a womau without g joJ principles be more despicable than a mnn in the same state? Is it superiority or inferiority that is claimed for a w. man? Hoping that tome of- our talented tisters will give m a true woman's view of the subject, and heartily wishing you success in your work for the elevation of woman, Yours respectfully, - Karrie. THE WEIGHT OF BRAIN. EXPONENT. If women follow precisely iu the satne'paths that man pursue, they will achieve tha same fcuccets; but if they are to be subjected to the little torments which beset the Jives of most women, then the result will be different. A man attends strictly to whatever h:s ini:jd chooses, and if a woman should try to, it would prove an utter impossibility, for if she is mar-lieher time is engrossed with otEer things, unless nhe is financially situated, so thnt she is not inconvenienced on that score. Yet how many women can I name who have reared families and cultivated the intellect, until they thine forlh a brilliant stars; and we are proud to know that under the most distressing circumstances they have proved that they are man's equal. It seem? to me only bigoted will beiieviEyiu If continueto advance the Lext fifty years as we have in the past, we shall detract more of their lustre and prove that, it is not quantity but quality which is required; NELLIE. IN MEMORIAM. With feeling of sadues we record the departure of another loved one. After suffering for several years frm disease of the heart, W tokens Freeze, wife of J. P. Freeza of ths llth Ward, ps3ed from earth to that blest abode of rest and peace, on Friday, Dec. 19, So-ph- ing articles relative to rhe inferiority of woman's" Drain. The write r hue their claim on the letser weight of the female brain. A man is eminently fcuperior to a woman becausa his braiu weighs more, and they cite many in- stances to prove the theory. And in face of all this, convincing proof presented to me, I cannot believe it. Wmen aie just learning how much they may know, and are proving every day that they are mau's tqual in intellect if not in strength. Womau in the pist has not been allowed the privilege to develop her faculties, but the is now thrusting the Carrier., aside that has so Jong checked her intellectual growth,' and now standi the peer of man. The uinteinth century should boast of the intellect of woman. We find her actively engaged in nearly ail the pursuits to which man is eligible. I thick it is not the weight of the br&in which decides the superiority of the sex, but the cultivation of it. Who will deny that George Eliot is an equal aod an ab'e writer and clear thinker with man? And Rosa Bon" htur as an, artist, Anna Dickenton a lecturer, Elizabeth Cady Stanton a woman who has of our much esteemed and beloved sitter and co worker, who has, by Diyine Pr o v i d e !. c ? , b e e n removed by the hand, of death; she being a member of' the Y. 1. M. I. ' "', ., A?, of Go?hen. Be it resolved, that we, the members of the Association, deeply mourn her loss and sym" , pathize with the bereaved mother relatives and friend in the loss of so gcod and esteemed , a friend. Resolved, that we tender pur heartfelt syra pathy for the loss of eo kind and amiable a companion and affectionate daughter. JKesoived, that a copy of these resolutions be transmitted to the mother of the deceased, and that they be recorded in our genera record, and also furnished for publication in the Wo: man's Eaton ent. r Goodby, dear Clara, we miss thy face, Tby loving smile and gentle grace; Gone to tby Father on tbat nappy shore, Where pain and sorrow thou wilt share no more. Rachel Edwards, Lucv Taylor, Millicent Ferris ia She was born May 1, 1852, and like the month that gave her birth, she ever thed a halo of light and love o'er all aioucd. Bhe was one of those rare creatures of earth whose character was stamped wih pure yet power to grace auy avocation of life. Though young in years, her devotion and fiithfu ne.s a3 a mother could not be She was also Counselor in the M.I A. of the llth Ward, and energetic in all her duties as a Saint of God. She leaves one child wo-mauline- eJ. and numerous relatives aud friends to mourn her early loss. ft. - "Wo live la deeds, not years; la thoughts, not breaths; Iu feeliuir, not ia dures oa a dial. He lives most who thinks most, Feels the noblest) acta the befct." becomes our painful duty to recjrd the death of one of our oldest citizens. Sister Maria Colebrook peaceably pasted away on Fob. 16, 1880. Sha was born in Cheltenham, Gloces-terthir- e, England, March 21, 1823; was itar-ii- ei Coltbroolr, March 10, 1847. to Charles Arrived in Salt Lake City in 1851, where bhe resided until her death. Bhe had been afflicted for rnauy years withthat fell disease, cancer, from waich she tuflferetT most intensely for a long time, fc he clung tenaciously to life, but towards the last became quite resigned, and even desired "to go to her rest." Bhe was remarkable for her great deeds of chaiity, often adaiinisteiing to the wants of the needy, acd relieving the dislrsied in a way that the recipients knew not their benefactres. "Peace to her ashes!" Her example might well be imitated by many who make greater pretensions.E. B. ; - - - - OBITUARIES. Died, at Tooele Cdy, Feb. 14, 1880, in childbirth, Birah Emma, the beloved wife of Elder George Crainer, born Oct., 5, 1842, in NauYoo, Hancock Co., Sister Crainer was a good, faithful Lajter day Sint, and was" greatly respected by all who knew her. She leaves a husband and s&ven. children to mourn her loss. She has gone to join her little ones and a host of Balnts behind the vail. May God, iu His infinite mercy and goodhess, bless the bereaved and comfort them as He alone can. 111. A. Tate. 11, 18S0. of old age, Mrs. Mary Eo welly n, aged seventy; five years. Deceased was baptixud in to Utah with her children from Merthyn Tydvll, South Wales, in the year 1856. Deceased was a faithful member of our Relief Scclety, always diligent' to her 'duties, arid was an excellent neighbor; kind and lovW ing to her children, sowlug them gcod ex' ample durirg her widowhood. Her hand was ever open to ie!iey.'tbo "wants t others In time of need, fehe died as sbo il'vedtrue and Mthful in the Gospel of hrisi.T' May we Bo live a? to depart In p;a3e,'a3 thifonrdear sis-ter,.is my prayer, . 1816-emigrat- ed Pure and chaste in every thought; Heavenly light tby soul had taught, Inspiring thee to love the right. And to thy friends impart delight. e I. V. II. We, the members of the Y. L. M. I. A. of Goshen, Utah County, U. T , respectfully subscribe this memorial to our departed sbter,Clara Fanny S. Dill, daughter of the lite Henry Ddvid and Fanny H. Datl, of thii plac; the died, from the tflects.vpf diphtheiia, Jan. 20, 1SS0, Cla was born in Salt Lite City, Aug. 6, 1865,ditd aged 14 jcais, 5 rrotths and days. : - Died, at Goshen, Utah Co., Feb. Sophia, queen of sonar and Jove, Oh, gentle as the spriugtime dove, 14 Committee. It 1879. ex-ceil- I have recently read several highly interest- In memory d, tht 149 p is. we fctill Editor Exponent: N S achieved an euyiable reputation as an eapouser-o- f woman's righ's. Thee are only a few, but they are a positive pFoof of what has been done and whit cau be done. I do not claim any superiority of the female sex, but I feel convinced, an ! would that! oouSd convince others, that they are the equals of men. Accord them the fame privileges, and we wi 1 have convincing proof. Man is born of woman, and receives his intellect from her, and in most cases the mother the trains the boy, and in almost all instat-ce-s man will and dees acknowledge that it was thiough hi mother's guiding hand he is what peop! ITEM. M A Iouisa, Taylor, Died, in Clarkstoo, Cach 12, 18S0r of "chllld Co., Utah, FeU 'and Jung fever, iBatheah 