fWOMAN ' 8 10 - 1 u . Far West. I was obliged to fee crete myself in the woods aud cornfields during the day and went evenings to counsel the committee and brethren in private houses. 18th. This morning, as I was going to1 the 5 EARLY REMINISCENCES. BV 11ELKN MAH WJIITNKV. When I "first; commenced these reminiscenccsy to Tonly gave a short sketch and did not think continue them, but having been urged to write more, I will copy a few more lines from ray father's history to show some of the cruelties and injustice of our enemies and that- - there were a few in the State of Missouri who revolted at the horrible deeds that were committed. Tho legislature of lb e tate of Missouri appropriated two thousand dollars to be distributed among the people of Davies and Caldwell Counties, the Mormons" not excepted. Judge Cameron, Mr. McIIenry and others attended to the distribution. Judge Cameron drove in the hogs belonging to the brethren, many of which were identified, shot down, in the street and without further bleeding they were half dressed, cut up and distributed by McIIenry to the poor, which, charging four or five cents per pound,calico" at of a few with ..refuse pieces together double and triple prices, soon consumed the appropriation. earned homes to their enemies. wIioRoi ot.,1 would all The perish. poor and expected they the aged, sick and infirm were afterwards driven across the Mississippi in the sickly swon of the tyu from year, and scores of them died. They d us five hundred of our young men to which Mexican made in the it war, impos fight sible for us to travel, and hundreds died at our Winter Quarters from diseases brought' on by privations; beingj so Jong without vegetable food and the hardships and exposures endured on , that journey. The travels of the Saints from Nauvoo to these valleys were marked by the graves of their loved ones. ThaJSaiuts have borne all in patience because they ' had faith in the Almighty who '"aid, "Vengeance is mine, I will repay." to tell the committee to wind and be off; or their affairs up their bo lives would taken, I .vas mefc able-bodie- , )U-tli- of the public square by several dr-d Jdormon. Xwas a asked if mob, one of them I replied, "I am a Mormon." They answered, d nyou. we'll blow your. brains "Well, out," repeating the oath again, they tried to ride over me with their horses, in the presence of Elias. Smith, Theodore turley and others of the committee. It was but a few minutes after I had notified the committee to leave, before the mob gathered atthc Tithing House and began breaking clocks, chairs, windows, looking glasses and furniture, making a complete destruction of everything, while Captain Bogart, the county and a mobber judge looked on and laughed, and laughed about named Whittaker jumped when we a time at all this like a mad man; and to utmost endeavors were using our get the bi eth ren The Saints away from Far West. fled from Far gathered up what they could and West in one hour; the mob stayed until the committee left and then plundered thousands of dollars worth of property which had been left by the brethren and sisters to assist the ioor to remove to Illinois. One mobber rode ujp and finding no convenient place to fasten his horse, sliot a cow that was standing near, while a girl was milking her, and while the poor animal was struggling in death he Cut a strip of her hide from her hose to her tail, to which he fastened his halter. At that time the great crime consisted in being united and having bishops, priests, etc., and believing in the spiritual gifts of the Gospel which Jesus taughthis disciples; but now we are toid that the prac- gd The Prophet and others petitioned Judge e, petition., The committee met and appointed Theodore Turley to accompany me.V We .took copies of the papers by which the prisoners were held, with the petition, to the Supreme Judges f and immediately started a distance of 300 miles, visited the Jutltf and laid the whole matter before them, individually !Qxding to our best abilities. Neither of thenv. wouia- - 4tp any action in the case, although they appeared 'fricndjy und acknowledged that they were illegally We also presented a petition .. of State, the governor, being alsent, Secretary he apieared very kind, but like the other officers he had no power. to do good. We immediately returned, to Liberty and made Joseph and the brethren acquainted with the result of our mission, through the grate of the dungeon, as we were not permitted to enter the prison Joseph tolil us to be of gV)od"cheer;and get all the Baints- away as fast as possible. .In compaqy with Bro. ther Turley I visl ted Judge Austin ATjKing, who was angry at u?, for. presenting his illegal papers to the Supreme Judges. He treated us roughly. At a meeting of the aimmittee Brother Daniel Shearer and I were appointed to visit Judge Hughes, who had formerly been .an Indian agent, und get him to go to Davis and attend the sitting of the Court there. He expressed himself in friendly terms towards Joseph and the brethren; being a very rougli .man in his d d the Judges, and the language, he Governor and every body else that would not step forward and help those men out of the hands of their persecutors, for he did not believe they were guilty of any of the crimes alleged against. them. Said he, ''the Mormons have been treated d d mean," looking, us directly in tlie eye he said, "By look at their ,eyes, see how bright and Gd, keen they are, they are .. whipped but not conquered, you can free tliat in their eyes." There were several men in Liberty who were friendly to the brethren; I called on them when I went there, and they treated me with '. great civility .Generals Doniphan and Atchison and the tavern keeper where I put up, and several of the foremost men, who belonged to the Masonic fraternity. At the tavern the hostler was a black man, and being friendly to me I gave him a dollar and told him I had to ride . much, and requested him to be kind to my horse ' and brush him down well; Next morniug,wheu I came to take my horse out of the stable, he . was foundered and so stiff T could hardly get him out of the stable; the hostler had given him too much gjain. Those men whom I .have named, and several others, revolted at tlie scenes enacted against the Mormons, and would have liberated the brethren had it' not been for the "outside 'pressure," that is,, the strong prejudices imbibed by The people against us, and the to kill Prophet, which was in the Governor who should have been a father, but, because ho "was a tyrant, ho will be d d and go to h 11, with all who raise their tongues against this work' and people. .The committee made me a present of a fine sorrel horse, as I had considerable traveling to do. - Hth-The committee moved 36 of: the poor and helpless families intoTenneyN Grorey about Pxjy gamy js the only thing they have -against lis as a people. Wliat nonsense and how foolish this sounds "id IBoserwTiornemrjer-ail-ilio- ce -- aa things and the scenes which the Saints have passed through, Th ignorance of the mass is only surpassed by their intolerance. Our greatest persecutions and our drivings were be- -. been fyre the principle of plural marriage had n were-driverevealed. The "Mormons? who from Missouri : were. mos tjy from tlie Eas tern States and were industrious and eh ferprlslng and muchmore: refined than the majority of the Western people, who were satisfied" to" live in little log huts, with one pane of glass, and often none at all; their life place generally" covered one side of the room, and that with the broad chimney and one door, which was generally left open winter and summer, to let in the light, ; their purpose. Their living consisted of mainly coffee, hominy, and corn dodger, corn served meal up with cold water, without any shortnnd ening, transparent bacon. The richest land, stock and slave holders aspired to little more: but the spirit of union, industry and enterprise which they saw in our people filled tnem with jealousy and hatred like unto Cain, and this spirit was encouraged by apostates, who sold the Prophet and his brethren, and they received money for betraying them. Governor Boggs and his minions were guilty of offering their prisoners the flesh of their murdered brethren to eat, and when our cause was laid before the President of . the United States, his answer was, "uenucmen, your cause is just, hut I can do nothing for you; if I. take up for jTou I shall lose the vote of Missouri." And this is a land of . None IJBERTY, FKEEJX)M AND but Saints would have endured such wrongs,and they are the only people who practice what they profeps, or even believe these words of the Savior, "The servant is not above his Lord; if they have persecuted, me, they will persecute you also;" and that all the trials through which the Saints have passed are in fulfilment of the words of the prophets since the world began. It would be well for the world to discern the signs ofthe times, and more especially those who profess to belong to the, Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, but are careless and lukewarm, that the day of the Lord may not overtake them as a thief in the night." , I have not indulged in these reminiscences out of any feeling of revenge, no, my heartaches for theeuflering,even of our enemies. I pity and feel to pray for them, for they know not what they do, but the blood of the innocent is crying for vengeance. This nation has , a terrible debt to pay. In Illinois the Prophet and Patriarch were murdered m cold t blood and the Saints again forced In the dreadful month of February, UlS to leare their beautiful city and their hard- w-- et Gd , . live-x- f ed. ..to-the- i- I -- miles-fro- m committee-room- Tomkius or either of the Supreme Judges ofthe State of Missouri, for . a State ;s writ of habeas corpus, that he and his brethren might be brought before either of those judges, that jus-licmight be administered, I was requested by Joseph to go to Jefferson City and present the blood-thirstine- E X PO NB NT. i I tX?DAl,-mauTS- ? iiyi ii ..... ORIGIN OF THE Y. L. M. I. ASSOCIATION. President Brigham Young, the increasing influence the contemplating midst was gaining over our t hi worldly jalemen our of youth, by its importations, exthe hearts and customs, in contrast with the travagances, simplicity in which our youth had been, reared; sought by the organization of a Society, a reform in dress and table expenditures, it was intended also to present such instructions as would benefit the body, cultivate the mind, and inculcate a knowledge and love of the Gospel in the hearts of those who should associate themselves therewith. Under the instructions of Pres. Young, Sister K. R. Snow organized a Society composed of members of his own family, which organization was called the "Young Ladies Department of the Ladies Cooperative RetrenchmehrAss6cia-tion;- " the Resolutions of which were written by Sister E. R. Snow. Immediately following this Organization, in accordance with the wish of Pres. Young, Sisters E. R. Snow, M. T. Smoot,.. and M. I. Home, organized Retrenchment As-.soeiations ip other Wards. The movement waslregarded by many as an innovation, and the first members felt a degree of isolation and restriction in accepting its first adopted code of Resolutions; and in inviting their young companions to unite with them felt a delicacy in doing so, as though proposing something requiring considerable sacrifice of feeling, - and unustial forcerHof character , to sustain, and met with gunine gratitude" those' who became of was a high tribute to woman, the founding of air ms'ttu-tio- n asked was of that her whose corner stone was self denial; for love of adornment, and display in dress, are; by many considered to be stricly feminine attributes. Not many were the volunteers, and a few lost heart and left the ranks, under the raillery of companions, little dreaming the importance the organizations would yet attain to, of the honor that membership would :amfer, and the high, honor of being an acknowledged auxiliary to the servants of God, in the establishing of his the kingdom upon the earth. We do not forget t gratitude expressed by mothers, with ferven hope lor their sons might yet have such organizations " their welfare. In 1877, in accordance with the authorized and accepted course of exercises, the organizations, unannimously,by vote, adopted the title of Y.L. M. I. A. Recognizing the necessity of a presidency over the then numerous associations; in Septemler 1878, Mrs Mary A. Freeze, of the 11th Ward, S. LI City was by unanimous vote of the Conference of the Sisters of Salt Lake Stake of Zion. A. appointed President of the Y. L. M. I. (1879 of Salt Lake County. Subsequently Mrs. Louie Felt and Mrs. Clara Y. Conrad, were appointed Counselors, and Mrs.' A. J. Croch-eroSec'y to Pres. Freeze. The Y. L. M. I. A.,number upwards of eleven thousand members, at this time, the end of the first decade. Who can measure the possibilities of the next ten yeare, for the daughters of Zion. In the year 1SG9, heir-number.Jt . n, ; , y Augusta Joyce Ciirociieox. The Duty of AlIu The Phonograph, any to, Ga., talks as follows: "If sick with Remeof the diseases for which Warned Safe dies are a Specific,' if okl 6r young; it is the duty At-la- n -- of all t6 take them If anxious to bechred." .:: HowTOlNVEST.The .Democrat, Goshen, N ada Cygays:,' "It may not be, improper here towen, that health Is accumulated, the skk. made and a large. interest of ., comfort ami JjPEn!f secured by investing in Varner,8 Safe edies." . ,. : ; -t- 