a W 138 OUR OPINION. Editob Exponent: I am rejoiced that the subject of the equality beore the law of women with men has reached the stage of "respectful consideration" (I mean no sarcasm) in our Territorial Legislature; and .since nobody has visited me to ask my signature to the petition, I hereby authorize and request you to put my name to it, for although I neither expect nor wish to hold any office whatever, I don't relish being forbidden; and I know some offices which I should like - to see filled by ladies. , The thanks of the ladles are due to Hon. C. W, Penrose for his faithful presentation of our case; and Hon. P. M.' Lyman's point Is well taken when he says no man is obliged to vote for any individual woman because be help3 to amend the statutes so that a woman would be at liberty to serve, r if others voted her into some office. It is admitted on all hands that is the first law of nature," and that every man has a natural human right d to use every honorable means of to. it is equally clear my mind woman has that same natural that every to all human right lair means of self protection. Men claim the right to judge for themselves what measures would best conduce to their welfare, and it seems equally clear that women themselves are the best judges of their needs and requirements. It is a foolish fear, and uncomplimentary to those who entertain it and to those of whom it is eritertainedi that, given the opportunity, manylwomen wouldlrunwildly afteL those avocations for which obviously men alone are fitted, to the neglect or scorn of the more peculiarly feminine pursuits. As well say that to allow girls to study geography would determine them all to become sailors or foreign merchants. I am glad that no woman, not even the most foolish of our sex, has ever expressed a desire to dictate to men, as men have done and many still do on the other handler moderate and sensible argument is, "I am nqt your counterpart, but I am your equal; my mission on earth is as important, as high and holy as yours, and I have equal need of unfettered liberty to choose my own course in life, and pursue the calling for which I am best fitted. If you need safeguards around your liberty, life and property, I need the same. If you are anxious to fo3ter all good influences and suppress all evil ones which may surround our children, I am at least equally so." Man Is the Knight on the golden side of the shield, and woman the Knight on the silver side; and it is by exchange of ideas that both (may arrive at the whole truth of any matter under consideration, and even for this reason alone It seems that the Stato needs woman's opinions. The wildest dreamer cannot suppose that women expect ever to bear an equal share with men in the burdens of public life; for dearer and nearer to most women are their maternal and hearthsldo duties; but if one woman is fit and willing to serve the public in any honorable calling, it Is an oppressive law which forbids. And consoling and cheering would it be to faithful and devoted mothers of future citizens, ir their children might grow up In the knowledge that her devotion to their Infant needs was the fruit of her own free will and choice that she was not driven to rearing; men and women by public opinion and laws which debarred her from anything else. How much keener m children would bo th eenso of obliga "self-preserva- tion selfpro-tectlon,an- - . OMAN'S EX PONE NT. tion and gratitude to parents, and how much more vivid would be their realization of a mother's sleepleas vigilance in her watchcare over their helpless infancy, when they see with their own eyes that she did it from choice and might have chosen other occupation. , Then the childless wife, the unmarried and theVwldo w have each her peculiar need of room to chooso her occupation according to her taste and talents. "Ben Nevis," correspondent to the "Herald," says he "can give no good reason" why women's liberties should not be as broad as man's, onlyit would not suit his ideas. But I know several good reasons in favor of women's equality in law, and they suit me passing well. First, it would be better for women; and this fact includes Second, it would be better for men; and both these reasons lead to Third, it would Je better for children. These reasons are so interwoven and reactionary in their nature, that it is almost impossible to give them singly, so if I fail to do that, don't accuse me of having attempted it. Woman, born to an Inheritance of noble responsibilities, educated to be a citizen, knowing that an even half of the world's weal or woo lie3 in her hands, debarred from no pursuit for which her talents fit her, treated by her brother man as a friend and coworker, instead of at first a goddes3 and next a slave I say women so situated could not be frivolous, giddy, fickle, and the long etcetera of kindred.adjectives now so often applied to her. Having a prospective field for the exercise of all her noblest . powers, in the very nature of things must tend to develop just those qualities and give them strength to outgrow the inferior ones. Added respect must give her added dignity, and freedom foster her patriotism, and elevate her whole character above petty follies and narrowmindedness. ""If it be objected that Republican citizenship has failed to do all this for men, I candidly admit the fact, and proceed to state what I conceive to be the reason. I do not for one moment claim that liberty would greatly ennoble" women if it were possible for her to possess it herself, and at .the same time condemn her brother man to weara ball and chain;. and this, figuratively speaking, is just what the man has done. On emerging from monarchical and other despotisms he has broken his own manacles and given his own limbs nature's freedom, but still assures the woman that nature intended her to wear manacles, and made her wrists and ankles slender on purpose to fit them; that they are eminently becoming to her, and that she would look immodest and altogether displeasing to him without them; and he beseeches her, in the name of his approval and the eternal fitness of things, to wear them gracefully. But since he cannot leave her behind, his own liberty loses half Its value, and his progress toward perfection ig still very slow. At best, and in individual cases, he takes her by the hand and assists her what he can, deeply pities her weakness and incapability-and considers her extremely fortunate in having him for her guide, protector and owner. Oftener, he lays his baggage on her back and runs lighty on, making frequent pauses to allow her lagging step3 to draw near. During these pauses ho visits the pleasure-garden- s and refreshment-stand- s on either but decides compassionately that since hand, merely walking the straight thoroughfare , makes her so tlrod, it would be the height of folly for her to think of adding to her severe already tasks, and exerting her already falling strength In making any of t these detours which weary him, because he is so peculiarly adapted to just that do-no- kind of activity. One human being may aggrandize him. self by oppressing another, but he cannot thus ennoble himsel f. "Every act of injustice to a fellow-creaturecoils upon the perpetrator, warping or dwarfing his or her nature, and Winding the spiritual eyes. For these reasons man cannot hope to ascend the kingly throne of excellence while his inseparable companion remains outside the gate in bonds. Since as the laws now stand; man holds the attitude of a despot towards woman, bavlDg, without her or consent,laid her under heavy restraints and disabities; to so alter thesoJa ws t hat all fu turo men an d n may bo "born free and equal," would be an act so just and fair, so brave aod noble, as to elevate him to a standard of excellence higher than any I have been able to portray, and advance him in our and his own respect and esteem. Liberty, knowledge and integrity are three things which are never lessoned by being imparted to others; so let woman advance all she can in patriotism, learning, dignity and every good word and work, and it will detract nothiug from men's abilities, acquirements, or opportunities, but only increase the sum total of the world's intelligence and worth. This brings me to "Third, it will be better for children." The children are the mother's peculiar chargeandffeelydo she endow them with whatever is hers to bestow her time, strength, manners, mind, morals and education; if they are little, it is but little she can give, while if she has much, much will she bestow. "When she Is a patriot, a vigilant watcher of national: and local policyj nd forms in. telligent opinions concerning "men and measures," how readily her children may acquire premises from which to draw just conclusions for themselves, on the noblest and best of sciences, human government; and how early , and thoroughly they may become imbued with the love of humanity, that best and surest indication of a great and noble soul. I aver, from the best procurable evidence both positive and inferential, that children will be born better organized and endowed both physically and mentally, when the artificial bat riera between father and mother are swept away; when the greater contentment, the deeper cultivation, the broader development, the fathers-w- ill higher elevation of mothers--an- d so richly endow their offspring with great aspirations .and powerful .intellects that the raae of to day will be mere pigmies beside them-;r "Success to our petition for liberty, and to every measure which conduces to the pro" gress of the human race. L. L. D. St. George, Feb. 1, 1880. re on wo-me- ; ' , , The House of Representatives of the Iowa Legislature, Chicago, Feb. ,7, adopted, by a vote of 87 to 31, an amendment to the Constitution to be submitted to a vote of the people,tmaking free while women eligi ble as members of the Legislature. Bills have been Introduced In the Iowa Legislature making ladies eligible to the ofilce of County Recorder Couuly Auditor, and the right to vote for school directors. 