WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the principles of the Gospel as the little boys. and" toothers; They are to be the future wives the foundation of faith, virtue, integrity and honor needs to be securely laid in their hearts, that they may do their proportion of the impormust necessarily devolve upon tant the coming race, now growing uji in these valwork-whic- of the same year. A short time after moved jrith her family to Centreville, I)avis Co., where she resided until the day of her death. Died Sept. 11, 1880, aged 81 years, 11 months and 17 days. She passed away in peace, without a Dcseret News and Millennia! Star please crpy. T leys. Com. struggle. h SUGGESTIVE DAYS. REPORTS WANTED. the Relief Societies, Young Ladies' and Primary Associations who are engaged in laying up grain against a day of famine, are requested to forward full reports of the amount stored, also, what proportion has been gleaned, and if lent out (according to President Taylor's counsel at, the April Conference) and not returned,; what receipts are held as security by the society, or committee, in order that a correct estimate may be made, before the end of the year, of the quantity of grain which has been stored since the first commencement of this benevolent enterprise. The sisters should never for a moment forget, that this wheat is a donation, and that those who have charge of it are responsible for its safe keeping. . been Wherever granaries have built, state definitely what are the dimensions, also the ma7 terial and cost of the building, and how it has AH . been done, whether by one society or inorej or the Stake. If not completed, state particulars. Forward these reports to this office as soon as practicable. Emmeline B. Wells, President Central Grain Committee. Elizabeth Howard, Secretary. Y. L. M. I. A. Will the secretaries of these association of Salt Lake Stake each send, as .spon as convenient, a complete statistical and financial report of her respective association from its organization up to the present time, to Augusta Joyce Crociieron, Stake Secretary. GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS TO RELIEF SOCIETY SECRETARIES. Hereafter Stake Secretaries will only require reports, which should be furnished as them early as the 5th of September and March, to enable Stake Secretaries to prepare and forward their reports to Central Secretary by the 15th, as she is required to give her report at President Taylor's office ten days prior to l These instructions are designed for organized Stakes in all the world. Times of making reports may be varied to suit the circumstances of branches in foreign countries and on the Islands. Sarah M. Kimball, Central Secretary. By order of Relief Society President. Salt Lake City, November, 1880. General Conferences. OBITUARY. Died, of old age. in Centerville, Davis Co., Mary Ann Harris, wife of John J. Harris daughter of Thomas and Elizabeth Rushmer born September 25, 1793, in the Parish of County of Norfolk, England; was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints by Elder Thomas Smith, of WorNorcestershire, being the first member in the wich Conference, on the 26th day of April, 1847. Emigrated to Utah on the 19th day of January, arrived m Salt Lake City,October 10th the same year, and stayed in Salt Lake City until the Move of 1858, then went with her family to Payson, and returned to Salt Lake City the fall Free-thorp- - ; time. The autumn leaves have lost their beautiful, haswkhe red them, and grdtring-Hnththe gorgeous coloring died uawL"oiih the sober gray and brown, colors that always wear well, and are suited to all weathers remain. There are useful lessons to be learned from the death of the flowers, the falling leaves, the bare autumn fields; for nature, our great mother has done her work kindly and well; and the precious seeds are scattered, and germs' are nurtured in her tender bosom that will spring into new life again at the approach of the gentle maiden Spring. Autumnal days are retrospective; involuntarily our thoughts go backward: pinched by the cold, and pierced by sharp winds, we recall the sweet memory of summer hours, the landluxscape bare and cheerless reminds us of the urious beauty and richness of the season but a garden just past, when the earth itself seemed the Great of hand the from of loveliness fresh Creator. How Nature mourns and sighs as it were,aud the echo of the sweet but solemn music finds response in our human hearts, a tender inner sympathy exists, which is stirred to its fonntain, which we feel intensely although we to clearly may not have the power of utterance express and define it. ot Exponent Office. semi-annua- 'These are the days suggestive"' of "sentiment; of ithoughtfulness and reflection, days full of poetical meaning. The 'gay livery of nature, the brightness- amd glory of summer has left us for a little season; the flowers are gone, save here and there a few of a harder kind, chrys- anthemums and dahlias; the verdure that covered the hill and plain is now only brown and bare, and the dry leaves of the summer foliage rustle under our feet at every step and awaken melancholy or sober feelings that suggest the decay of nature and the rude approach of cold, stern winter. This is the season for nutting in those countries which abound in woods; happy groups of boys and girls with stout shoes and strong baskets, ramble over the hills and among the trees, joyous and blithe, while the merry laughter rings along the forest path and echoes back through t,he brown old woods, breaking into soft gentle ripples as it dies away along the hills. The handsome partridges and gay plumed pheasants flit about half frightened at the noisy troop of young people, trying to hide themselves in the almost leafless shrubbery. A few poor little birds are demurely perched on the bare branches of the trees, as though meditating where to go for a green leaf and a little sunshine. The poet, or the sentimental writer finds plenty of subjects for his pen at this, season, as well as in the gushing spring- e, . And is there in ojir hearts no sad regrets, No menVries of the laet year's fatting leaves? Shall we the sweetness of the past forget, Or glean and garner it iu memo's Yes memory calls up a host of recollections as a parting requiem to the beauties of the fields and forests, that have died out along the mountain anil over the plain. We know not if we shall see the earth robed in beauty again, with the same dear friends around usi the same happy faces beaming kindly upon us,Uut life we do know that the principles of eternal is a remain, that whether wedive or die there land of light and glory and perpetual loveli- 03 hearts ness,where flowers never fade, beautiand in and that that shining grow cold, ful land, now dwell some of those whose lot was ence cast with ours; who saw the summer fade along the shadowy hills, and heard the weird rustle of the falling leaves, and wondered as we do now at the picture and the melancholy music of the sighing breeze and ere the Spring had blushed into bloom,were gone from earth, and their faces no more seen among the living. : Aunt Em. or-war- m ' DARE TO DO EIGHT. I have just perused the beautiful little song with the above title, and as I think how ap- propriate it is for free and bold young Ameri- cans, my mind wanders back to other countries Monarchs, and governments less fortunate. and nations pass before my magistrates, priests memory's eye, as in a panorama, with their record of sinful pride, vanity, implacable hatred, and insatiable thirst for wealth and honors, on the part of rulers, and the abject poverty, ignorance and cowardice of the masses. Sad, very sad is the future. So much so, that I turn from it with the heavy, sorrowful feeling which all who love their experience, when they witness their downfall without being able to hclj them. Oh, that those monarch liad been taught in their youth That their courtiers, senators to do right! and priests had been taught to dare to do right! How much misery it would have spared the human family. Then love, justice and mercy would have superceded hatred, oppression and cruelty, and intelligence and thrill would have been the happy lot of the nations both drawing upon themselves the blessings fellow-creature- s" instead of the wrath of the Almighty. I see Rome the grand city built upon seven ' lawhills, the cradle of noble warriors and makers, in whose portals falsehood, cowardice were once held as mri even "iniquity. crimes what is slie now?!tlttfett into rulers her splendor and She has flattered into revelry, and they have crushed her people in the dust. Bigotry and tyrrany walk hand hand, for the ignorance of the masses is their No negro ever was in strongest foothold. worse bondage than the Roman people have been for centuries. "Chiesa The Roman Church, Catolica Apostolica Romana," as late as 1847, nomi(more or less) reigned Church and State, in reality, nally only the Romau Empire; but and France over 'all Italy, Spain, Portugal, Austria, whose kings ami emperors dared be their own. Inhardly assert their souls to stance: The Inquisition of Spain, Rome and Venice; the persecutions of the Waldenses in Piedmont, and Hucgeliots in France, etc. But a brighter day has dawned for them also. In 1847 or 1848, after the close of the Austrio-Italia- n war, Victor Emmanuel, son of Charles Albert, succeeding his father to the Sardinian throne, shook the Papal yoke off, freed the people, giving them a Constitutional ot government, liberty of worship, and liberty the press. He dared to do right in the face of anathema priestly persecution; and to a long in all the of Pius the IX, which was published Victor leading papers of Europe (for a scare) "God Emmanuel made this beautiful replv: to God alone placed this people under my care, will I answer." E. C. b. Morgan City. wilf-indujgeri- ee self-calle-d To be Continued. Calumny would soon starve and die of itself, if nobody took it in and gave it lodgings. Leighton. . 