WO MAN'S T0O R. S. REPORTa . Bp. Hulme wished every one to contribute to tho entertainment as Bro. Qreenhalgh, Father Patten related his first meeting, with the Prophet Joseph Smith, in Nauvoo, and spoke of some of the scenes that transpired there; was one they felt disposed. ; minutes and report of the Association were read and accepted. Questions were then asked by Pres.! Martha Williams from the History of Joseph Smith, and were promptly answered. Songs and recitations were then given by: the children, A number of Bloomington, Idaho, April 4 j 1880. Dkab Lister IYells.--A- t tho instance of Mrs. Sarah Qreenhalgh, President of Bloomington Relief Society, a .dinner party was held In the Meeting House on Filday, 2d Inst., at which a sumptuous repast was served; after which meeting was called to order by Bishop Hulme, prayer offered by of those who witnessed the battle with the .mob, and related some of the incidents well known tothe Saints. Father Thornick called upon responded by a song. Sister Ann' Womsley made a few remarks. xbiuci ixciouu nuuresseu iqu company in the Danish language, Bro. Fred. Jacobson giving the Interpretation; also bore testimony to the truth of this work. Sister M. Roberts sang a song of her own composition. A step dancd by Bro. Ward, Sisters Haddock and Womsley; ditto, Father Nelson and Sisters Nelson and Christiansen, followed by a song by Father Jarvis. . Sister Lindsay, Stake President of Relief Societies, then addressed us, and said she was pleased with a party got upas this was; to honor the aged In our midst; lelt such meeting a comfort &nd t work for the Father who sent us here. Said It was our. duty to be obedient to the Word of God, and that we coul4i pot receive a blessing without laboring forit Urged us to live up to our privileges and do our duty with .cheerfulness, and be punctual in atbe-J- ng the brethren present spoke encouragingly of the good this Association was doing. Bishop Roskelly then told,the children to nomi nate th eir own officers wh ich they did , sustaining the following, named officers un- . animously. Martha Williams, President; Rebecca Hillyard, and Lillian Jones, Counselors Sarah E. Juchaw Secretary, Emma Neilsen, Assistant Secretary, and Hannah Christiansen, Treasurer. A concert was held in the evening beginning at seven o'clock, in which 54 children participated. The songs, recitations and dialogues were well rendered and gave general satisfaction; the proceeds from the concert were $11125. Alter deducting expenses the remainder, $8.00, was presented to our beloved Bishop, who has been called on a mission to Great Britain. He has ever been a kind friend and counselor 'to us and we shall miss him. We are trying to prorgess in every good thinffeo that we may be prepared for the great future that awaits us. This Association comprises 6 officers and 241 members. Total officers and members 247; have held 51 meetings during the year. Received in donations $5.20cts. Disbursed in books and cardsj $4.90cts; have also donated $5.00 in quilts to the Logan Temple, and we have 2 bushels and 3 pks. of wheat and 9 and a half qts. of beans on hand, praying God to bless all those who labor for the welfare of Zion, I remain your sister in tho Gospel, Sarah E. Juciiaw, Sec'y. - . tending our meetings. Song by Bro. .Long. Pres. Hart said he Was pleased wlth-thmeeting, and happy w oo une .wnn us on tne present occasion. Congratulated the Bishop on bis large family ; Indulged in a few laughable remarks, and aald we had reason to be thankful we had the privilege of beholding the progress of the kingdom of God. Said we had no cause to fear death, If we lived up to our privileges. Complimented the sisters on the success of their dinner.' Felt to commend Bp. Hulme and his associates on a meeting of this kind, and thought it a foretaste of the Order of Enoch. Quartette by Bro. and Sister Greenhalgh e and Bro. and Sister Jarvis. Sister Herod spoke a short time. Pres. Qreenhalgh felt the Spirit of the Lord In our midst, and hoped this would not be the last gathering of this kind. Bra J. Walker addressed us In a very interesting manner. Song by Bp. Hulme. Recitation, J. Womsley. Dance, J. Haddock. Song, Pres. Hart. Sisters R. Walker and E. Long made a few remarks, after which Bp. ulme addressed us. Dismissed by Pres. Hart. A vote of thanks was tendered Hulme and committeo. Following are Bp. the names and ages of some ;of .the company: Father Patten, 81 years; Sister Yenson, 80; Father Womsley, 76; Sister Hn !?V 7l;, SisterNelson, 76; Sister Herod.76; Peter80n 74 Father Jarvis, 68 !er 61J Sl8ter C0llia,, 66; 8iste' Robert? eo' Yours Respectfully, Elizabeth Piggott, Sec'y. Annual meeting of the Prtt Uwl 'wFfSfc f 8mield held 9 ? htr' ncing. at ten opening exercises the EXP ONBJNT. Statistical and Financial Report of the Davis Stake Relief Society lor tha year end- ing April 16, 1880,; Number of officers and members reported, 414; average attendance, 112; meetings held, 209; Exponent taken, 59; amount of cash and property on hand April 16, 1879, $1105.84; amount received, 762,75; disbursed $637.19; on hand April 16, 1880, $1,231.40; of wheat on hand 627 bus., 7 lbs. Minerva E. Richards. Relief Society Stake Secretary. Having enjoyed the Spirit of the Lord the meetings held in this so abundantly in place Tuesday, April 6, in commemoration the Fiftieth anniversary of this Church, Sister Ellen Lunt, President of Parowan Stake R. S., desired the sisters to attend their meeting to be held on Thursday, April 8, in the Social Hall, Cedar City, that they might also partake of the blessings of God. of- - In obedience to request, a large number of the sisters, also a few brethren, met in the Hall at 2 P. M., April 8. The brethren, upon being requested, addressed the sisters, encouraging them to continue In their gotfd works and labor of love; also spake in the interest of eilk raising and other home productions. The brethren In a special manner exhorted the sisters to show to their children examples worthy of imitation, and to use good language becoming Saints of God. Several of tne sisters addressed the meeting, bearing their testimony to tho divinity of plural marriage and thanking God that they had been counted worthy of having the privilege of sustaining one of his' holy commandments. The 'Spirit of the Lord was abundantly out. Many more of the sisters werepoured desirous to speak had time permitted. . v was It . also unanimously agreed that the grain owned by the Society and already having been disbursed by our Bishop should be loaned without interest , being charged. After the meeting all present sat down to a picnic supper, which closed the afternoon very agreeably, I will here state that this society has purchased a piece of land fox the purpose of raising mulberry trees and .making some little advancement in the progress of this branch of home industry. The Society in general seem alive to their duties, and realize that we should be with the brethren in all the noble enterprises entered into to sustain and build up God's kingdom. J. P. MacklEpranq, Secretary Cedar City Relief Society. , co-work- The Juab County Stake Relief Society held their Annual Conference on the 16th of April, 1880, in the Nephi Meeting House, commencing at 10 o'clock, A. M. Present on the stand, the officers of the Stake and branch, also the President and counselor of the Mona branch, Pres. Teasdale and Counselor K. H. Brown, Patriarch Jacob G. Bigler, Bishop Charles Sperry and Bio. George Kendall. After the usnal opening exercises the morning was occupied by the Primary and Young Ladies' Associations in reading and giving verbal reports, which show a very visible improvement since their last report. Pres. Teasdale occupied a short time in speaking to the little folks, which was calculated to encourage them to be diligent and persevere in the good work in which they seem to delight The afternoon was occupied by the Relief Societies of the Stake, Pres. Goldsbrough presiding, who made a few remarks on the progress of the Society and tho duties of Its members. Also gave a general invitation to the brethren to visit our meetings and see for themselves how we get along Remarks were made by Pres. M. Pitch-fortof Nephi, Pres. SomerviHe, of Mona, Counselors Kendall and Picton, of the Stake, Pres. Teasdale, Bishop Sperry, and Bro. Love; all spoke of the improvement in our societies, and gave us good counsel and encouraged us to diligence. The Spirit of the Lord was in our midst and we had an excellent meeting. Statisticol and Financial Report of Juab Stake for the year ending Afrll 16, 1880: Teachers, 56; members, 232, total, 288 : meetings held, 28; average attendance, K Woman's Exponent taken, 18. Financial: On hand at date of last report,' property, $2,018.95; wheat, 93 J bushels; receipts during the year, property, $462.93; disbursements to: the poor, wheat, 26 property, $308 04; Temple, $153.75; home industries, $4.00; books, $3.00; material for building and lots, $2,153.25; on hand, cash, $50; property, $56.63; wheat, 197 bushels, 16 pounds, valued at $1.18 per bushel. Relief Society Stake officers, Amelia Goldsbrough, President, Elizabeth Kendall, Counselors. Jane Picton, Amy L. Bigler, Secretary. Ever praying for the success of Zion, wo remain ; Mrs. A. Goldsbrouqii, Prest. A. L. Bigler, Sec'y. h, . In old times men used their power of painting to show the objects of faith; in later times they used the objects of faith that they might show their powers of paint. ing.J. Ruskin. 