. 14 I - . I RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. A brief report of Portage Relief Society, Box on Kldet County. We held our annual meeting were the 15th of May. The following officers elected and unanimously sustained: Mrs. Hoakirij President; Mrs. Julia A. Gibhs and Mrs Margaret John, Counselors; Jane II. A. Hall, Asst. Sec'y; John, Secretary, Eliza There are about forty Treasurer. Jane Hall, two weeks meet we every members enrolled, the of a Spirit of the and enjoy goodly portion a in Lord. Our society is flourishing condition, and we are often attended aro well our meetings of our worthy remarks blest with the encouraging his and assistants, and we Bishop, O. C. Hoskiu our in feel like doing all power to held build up the Kingdomof God. The sisters of our Society are trying to carry out the counsel of the authorities of the Church in storing grain, for we L.u-cin- da know it will be our salvation in days to come. Our crops for the last two or three years have been cut off by frost, grasshoppers and crickets, and it is rather a hard matter to lay up grain where there is none, but we intend to try, try again; and hope in time to succeed. The brethren are now at work on a water ditch, which, when completed, will be a great benefit to this settlement, as water is very scarce in this part of the valley. We have week day and Sunday School, a Young Men's aad Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association. We aro also called upon to danate means to assist in building the Temple in Logan, and it is our desire to ropond to every call made by the servants of the In conclusion, I will Kay that the Exponent ik an welcome visitor and is highly apwe read it .fmr meetings and are preciated; its valuaw instruction?. benefitted by greatly women that spend their noble bless God the May time and talents in helping to roll forth this mSI mighty work, is Abe- prayer of. Your sister in the Gosjei, Eliza A. Hall, fWy . WDIAN ' 8 - HEAVKJt. 6r The first Ladies conference of the Beaver -- mg nouse, May i ny iws i, rresent onne stand were the severarpresidents and counselors of the several branches of thisStake President Lucinda lloud presided over the Conference. President John Ash worth and several other brethren met with the sisters and manifested a liberal disposition to aid the ladies in their good Tvork. Reports of the different branches were handed in. ; The societies of the Y. L. M. I. were well represented, as also was the Primary Association of the Beaver Branches. Two days were spent by" the sisters in this interesting capacity. Statistical and financial report of Beaver Stake for the year ending May 11th, 1880, Members," total, 1'07; real estate, capital store. ?ioo; wheat loaned out, stock in 274 bushels; disbursements to the poor, $30.8;). Flora 8. II ill, Stake Secretary . co-o- p. - PRIMARY REPORTS. The first annual meeting of the Primary Association of Samaria was held Thursday evening, May 6th, 1830. A large audience convened several of the Priesthood of the wai'd were among the number. The evening entertainment consisted of songs, recitations and dialogues. Six of the JitUe ones,, under ten years of age, gave a very nice dialogue on Spring, four others gave a dialogue entitled, "The Bound Girl," and one little girlt eight years old read the chapter from the ew Testament, which speaks of the widow's mite, and, although the house was crowded every word was distinctly heard to $he other end. of the room. We have also made a commencement in the straw business and several of the little girls have learned to braid straw and, they wear hats braided by thetr,own hands, and I am happy to iay that several of Ue children have taken Sister ElUa .BaoWa counsel when they had five cents given theraejliYe put it in to the Association dby.U.mean havo rafcod enough to buy bkx -- forth tlraw .they braid, are aaxious attend Jiioir mesUags, Andthey, when I ani unable to attend rough kkness, the oldest ,cf the little girls will carry on the meeting, and feeU glad to do so, and when the minuter of g bT5 bc6aTwd I have boea.truly : , t itE?f Umethey efr organised and feet grateful to PO N B NT . fnr th nroeress they have slow work with the seems made. It is"true it with them, but I feel little ones while laboring of his assistance thankful to the Lord for the this to in persevere Holy Spirit enabling us when come w ill threat work, realizing the time for these little ones will stand forth battling astruth against error; then will their petitions cend to.Godour Heavenly Father lor bleewngs who upon those that organized them and those the have labored with them, teaching them laws of God, preserving them from wolves in the young sheeps' clothing who seek to draw destruction to who from the fold, and try bring would upon the people of God. To mothers I their to ones attend say, encourage your little do meeting, attending them also yourselves; will repay not think it too much troubie, they and shining the in becoming bright future, you 'lights, crowned with immortality and eternal Jives: may our Heavenly Father bless all that labor with the young and rising generation is the prayer of your Amy Davis. H TTrT lr Votlir co-labor- er, . RICHMOND. . l'd.. B X Yearly report of the Primary Association of Bichmond, beginning June 1st, 1879, and ending June 1st, 1880: Received in donations from members, $3.90; Received January 1st, 1880, on proceeds of Primary dance, $9.00. Disbursements: for Paper and pencil, 0c.; Paper, 20c.; Candy memfor children, $2.35; To poor, $3.50; Cards bers, $3.15; Total amount received, $12.90; Total amound disbursed, 9.40; Remaining in treasury, $3.50. Our yearly concert was well attenned and a good spirit prevailed. The children entertained us with a choice selection of songs, and dialogues, which were weli preiared for the occasion. I must make mention of two little boys of Brother Mouson's, one six and the other severr years of age, vho sang Our lovely... Deseret," with such earnestness that they were hisrhly applauded. President Brown sang a the occasion on "Brigham song compos Young 'pioneering the Saints to Brother A. C. Brower made very instructive remarks to the 'children, and also Brother Gibbs gave us somes good advice. Brother Whitehead, Our organist,-wain attendance, and we had a time. "Closed with singing, "Al. general good 1. " u Ch eerf waysr Prayer by Presiden 1 1 1 . Bro H. Brower, President; M. Monson, M. W. Thompson and E. Jarvis, M. A. YVEim,Secretary. Counselors ' reci-tatio- us wt," -- v-- Vice-Preside- er. nt; ; The Primary Association of East Bountiful, held their first Annual Meetiug in the Taber-naclApril 19th, 1880. There were present, President Anson Call, Counselor William Tliur-gooWilliam Muir and several more of the brethren. Sister E. II. Snow and others were expected but did not come, which was a great disappointment. There were quite a number present. We had recitations and singing from the children, also some very good instruction from President Call, Counselor Thurgood and e, d, William Muir. The President of the Association made some very appropriate remarks; after the close of the meeting there were presents distributed among the children to the amount of $27,30, consisting of 38 Diamond Dictionaries, two Child's Natural Histories, twelve of George Q. Cannon's Fir.-t Mission" and other books and cards for the smaller children. About six weeks the larger children of the Association ago,omeof a got up surprise party, and went to Presiden t Ann Dus tan's and presented her with a set of glass dishes, as a token of respect; also, three pairs of dishes to the Counselors and Secretary, The children seem to be progressing very well. Many of the children mauifest a willingness, when called upon, to speak or dismiss meeting.". Olive A STORM C. Sessions? IX THE MEDITERRANEAN. In the very region of St. Paul's diipivreck. The following is an extract from a letter received by Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, cf this citv, from her; sister, a missionary iu Palestine,' in charge of the Episcopalian Orphanage at Nazareth Sunday, Sept. 21, 1879. Mrs. G. and I had been early to bed the evening, with a view to being also earlyprevious to rise, as the sailors had told us we might expect to U Medina pass alout o'clock the next morning, andfcad planned such mte ietuiig:5 tirw?, iuc tuiivw) weainer we had all the way from Marseilles havl us forget two important, factors in our reckoning-noif we make any plan we are careful v say wind and weather permitting. The view When we went on to the upper deck was magnificent. I The rocky coasts of Italy and Sicily on either; hand. I read the Litany, Psalms, etcM for the' day to Mrs. G., but tin re was a heavy-grounswell on, and we thought we had better find a more comfortable seat than the one we had been occupying. Mrs. G. went down to the cabin for something she required, but did not return, and by the time I had begun to "wonder at her long absence, I found it more prudent to remain ill all the quiet myself. I hadwishnotto been run not wav and did any rik. The wind increased continually and the heavy clouds ahead of us soon burst in sharp showers; while thunder was heard in the distance. The storm raged fiercer; suddenly we seemed to be enveloped in hissing, crackling llames and roaring sound. Every one sprang up and looked first at, each other and then round at the vessel. There seemed to be great coniDotion among the sailors, a number of them rushed to one particular sjjot and one whispered to me under his breath, Wa pond re." The 4u. vessel was being gines now stopped while the found anywhere was no as examined and injury current had electric the it was concluded that the ea, though even the been diverted into not be sure it had not could Captain said he to the mast. attached passed by the conductor made was I went announcement Before this I for G. whom Mrs. look to down to the saloon not much alarmed, found in her favorite corner of thuna tremendous heard clap having only der. I stayed with her a little while and then went back to the upper deck... There the French Dr. attacnCu lO Hie snip cauu; aim wuuiaiuiui -"nnron my courage, Avlucligav.feje.anppp9rtu- nity of commencing a conversation with him that Lusted nearly two hours, He confessed matters totallv ignorant in to being of religion, but promised to read anything that t I gave him. T soon found that he was a Democrat.. I wished I had had a French Bible, red-ho- but .fortunately 1 tounu tne uospei 01 01. Matthew-- and a' little tract in French. . I said to the Doctor, I hoped the storm was over. "No," "it has not yet commenc-ed.madame," At this time the sun shining brilliantly, the sea was a more exquisite blue than it had lxxn even at Xaplw; any ultramarine ever put on canvass would be only a mockery of it. Soon there followed a lurid calm, sweltering, suffocatbreath jof the ing heat, and how l longed tor one before winds of God. They came indeed long in terrible in fury. fitful gusts at first, but later on, The roof of the saloon forms the upper deck which is covered in fair weather by an awning. When the sailors came to take this in we knew what to expect, and the steward advised us to descend if we did not wish to be drenched, in the saloon we found Mrs. ZunacooJ, a Greek lady, and her little girl in a state of extreme terror on account of the light which was flashing incessantly all around us on the horizon. As the Cai tain passed the door, inada me togged, him to come in and reassure the child. He said the weather would not be worse than it was then, but I think I should have known from,his manner that this was false even if experience had not taught me that sailors, like doctors, think it their duty to suppress unpleasant truth?. As the darkues gathered the lightning became more vivid. For notue time the wind had been shifting to all points of .the compass, drivimrthor-up the clouds all around us, when we were oughly enveloped it settled behind us, and for six hours pursued our now little shivering vessel like a lurid, stinging flame. When I speak of incessant lightning I mean incessant, for it was only about every three or five minutes that there was sufficient interval between the Hashes to show the blackness of darkness that light reigned in their absence. Sometimes, was mauve, sometime greenish, producing roost magnificent effects on the white foaming wav; by Suddenly it seemed as if we were surrounded their by batteries of artillery all concentiatiag fire upon us, and the bullets rattling and crashtoe ing ail around us but especially on the roof of tne was saloon. It was no use asking what to matter, for no voice could be heard. I went .a the door and met a gentleman entering with hailstonein his hard, a solid cube of ice al least U inches every way. Later ou the eccoim officer brought in some the size of an ordmarj w egg. Till now I had not peerx one of the flashes lightning and it was a fright oeycr to be forgothe-repli- ed, . te 