W 0 MAN ' S E XT 0 N E N LIFE INCIDENTS. BY HELEN MAP. WHITNEY, intended to pass on without fart her-in looking over mention of Zion'a Camp, but their history I find it contains so much that in--is c I interesting, as well as suggestive, that am lined tt copy a portion of it for the peruM of those who are interested in t he work of pod, U'lievino- that it will be a source of comfort as veil as instruction to the Saints who have had been to drink of the cup of sorrow, and have follou-hi""is tried in the' furnace of affliction. The from my father's journal: "There were about one hundred brethren in These our company who started tor Zimi. brethren were all young men, and nearly all The Elders, Priests, Teachers, or Deacons. second day we arrived at New Portage, at which place, on the 7th, we made regulations for traveling, and appointed a paymaster, whose name was Frederick G. Williams, and monies into a general fund; some put all our of the brethaen had considerable, and others had lii tle or none, yet all became equal. We then proceeded on our journey twelve miles, to the CJiippeway River; here we pitched our tents under a line grove. "The next day we were divided into companies of twelve each, and captains were appointed over each company.- - I then organized my company in the following manner, appointing two to attend to cooking, two to see that fires were made, two to prepare the tent at night and prepare the bedding, and also to strike the tent each morning, two to fetch and provide water, one to do the running, two to --see to the horses, see the wagon was greased, and everything preI had I i . ireneraffr very-goo- from bafcWr-o- r beirrg ': ; jrW To- bay westr -- m, inkak&akt .dicu through the settled part of the country. After this we purchased Hour and had to bake our own bread; we sometimes had to live on johnny-cak- e and corn dodger, and .sometimes our living was scant. Every night before we went to kd we united in our tent and oll'ered up our prayeis before the Lord for protection. This was done by all of the companies at the sound of the trumpet; and at the sound of the trumhis pet in the morning every man was upon knees, each one being called upon in his turn The same order was to he mouth in prayer. attended to in each tent. "There were general officers appointed over the companv, viz.: Joseph Smith, Commander; Dr. F. G. Williams, Quartermaster and Historian of the camp; Zerubbabel Snow and Nathan Tanner, Commissioner of subsistence; Sylvester Smith, Adjutant, and Roger Orton, Captain of the guard. On the mh we started on our journey, and on .Saturday, the 10th, we passed through Mansfield and" camped for the When we Sabbath in Richfield. discovered came to Belle Fountain we fint refractorv feelings in Sylvester Smith. "On Saturday, the Hth, we passed into over the line betwixt the States of Ohio and Indiana, where we camped for the Sab-hathaving traveled forty miles that day; our feet were very sore and blistered, and our stockings were" wet with blood, the weather being very warm. I walkei most of the journey, letting the lame and footsore ride in my stead. I frequently invited the prophet to ride seeing h'un lame and footsore; on such occasions he would bless me with a hearty good will. My team performed the journey ery well. ''During the night a spy from the enemy attempted to get into our camp, but was stopped by the guard. We had our sentinels or guards appointed every night, on account of spies continually harassing us. This evening there was 'i n't? Indi-ana,"ju- quite a difficulty between some of the brethren and Sylvester Smith, on occasion of which. Brother Joseph was called to decide the matter. Finding quite a rebellious spirit in Sylvester Smith, and to some extent in others," he said they would meet with misfortune; difficulties and .hindrances, "ami yoa will know it before you leave this place-- exhorting them to humble themselves hefore the Lord and become united, that they might not be "A very singular occurrence took place that night and the next day concerning our teams. On the following morning when we arose we found almost" every horse in the camp so badly foundered that we couid scarcely lead them a few rods to the water. The brethren then deeply realized the effects of discord. When Brother Joseph learned the fact he exclaimed to the. brethren that was for a witness that God overruled and had his eve upon them, that all those who would humble themselves before the Lord should know that the hand of God "was in tills misfortune, and their horses should be restored to health immediately; and by twelve o'clock the same day the horses were as nimble as ever, with the exception of one of Sylvester ' Smith's, which soon afterwards died. d "May 21st we through Indianapolis, where we crossed White River. We had been threatened by our enemies that we should not go through the town, but we passed through unmolested; cvervthing ap peared to be in perfect silence as we went through, although the people looked aghast, as Cn if fear had come upon tJm. Sunday, the 25th, we arrived at the edge of On the 2ith we resumed our Illinois. journey. At night we were alarmed by the would continual threatening of our enemies. so many km remark that notwithstanding threats were thrown out against uspve did not fear nor hesitate to proceed on our journey, for AhcdM witly uaiiil, angis. went before u., and we had no fear of either men or ilevns. pa-se- my business was to see that the" company was prepared for, and to see that all thins were dne in order. Our living was starting; st h, . In is weKiio w T)ecmtse:"'itnTCirwere-fte-- 4 "On Sunday, June 1st, we had preaching all dav, and many of the inhabitants of the town came out to hear. Brother John S. Carter Brother preached in the morning. Joseph proposed that some of the brethren .should set forth different portions of the Gospel in their discourses. He called upon Brother Joseph Young to preach upon the principles of free salvation. He then called upon Brother Brigham to speak, who set forth baptism as essential to salvation. He was followed by Brother Orson Hyde, who proved by the Scriptures that baptismT was for the remission of T a lnnntli l. II i sin-- , Jj. .jonnson spowe ai somu i in upon the necessity of men being upright their walk and keeping the Sabbath day holy. Brother Orson Pratt delivered an excellent discourse on the principles othe finaI restoration of all things. The services of the day were concluded bv a powerful exhortation from Eleazer Miller. His voice was said to be Brother Milheard a mile and a half. ler was one of the first that brought the Goswhen he used pel to us in Mendon, X. Y., and to retire to a little grove near my house for secret prayer, lie would, get so filled with the that spirit and the power of the Holy Ghost, he would burst out into a loud voice, so that he for was heard by the surrounding inhabitants more than a mile. "After fhc services were over many stranremarks ger? were in our camp niaking heard. upon had They the preaching which the? his preaching, said Brother Joseph Young, by Methodist; a was they thev should judge communclose a thought Brigham Young was was a ion Baptit; Orson Hyde they supposed Lyman , E, Campbellite, or reformed Baptist; Orson Pratt a Johnson, a Presbyterian, and beRestorationer. "They inquired if we all The answer Tas longed to one denomination. . 1 . jl-uu- " 59 . " , pared for T we were some of us Baptists, some Methodists, some Presbyterians, some Canipbellites, some Restprationers, cV.e. "On Sunday morning, when wo passed , through Jacksonville, they undertook to count us, and I' heard one man say, who stood in the door of a cabinet shop, that he had counted a little rising of five hundred, but he could not tell how many there were. This thing was attempted many times in villages and towns as we passed through, but the people were never able to ascertain our number. "While traveling in Indiana some into our camp; while we were eating dinner on the 21st of 'May, three gentlemen came ridhorses, and coming upon very menced their inquiries of various ones con..askcerning our traveling in so large a body, ing where we were from and where we were iroing. The reply was as usual some from the State of Maine, another would say I am from York State, some from Massachusetts, some from Ohio, and Some r?plitd,We are from the East, and as soon as we have doue West eating dinner we shall be going to the agaim" They then addressed themselves to Dr. Williams', to see if they could find out who the leader of the camp was. He replied, "We have no one in particular." They asked if we had not a General to take the lead of the one in particucompany. The reply was. not some there " tncv lar "But - one among you whom you. call your captain, or leader, or superior to the rest?" He answered, "Sometimes one and Sometimes another takes charge of the company, so as not to throw the burthen upon any. one in particular." These same spies who had come from flu; West next. passed us that same day and the "On Monday, June 2d, we crossed the Illinois, Jliver. , The enemies had threatened that we should not pass over, but we were ferried across without any difficulty. Here we were and he declared we spies-'cam- fine-looki- ng . humlrethand fifty of us; our company had increased since we started from Kirtland, in consequence of many having volunteered and joined us from the different branches of the Church through which we had passed on our journey. 'werT TThTf tilwuf one To be Continued. The Bisters Quarterly Conference of this Stake of Zion will be held in the Salt L.ake Assembly Hall in this City,on Friday ami Saturday,the 24, is and 25, of September. A general attendance societies wherever requested of all the branch is uotex-pecte- d the sisters can make it convenient. It that reports of Relief Societies will be read, but the secretaries are requested to bring them or forward them to the Stake Secretary, Mrs. Elizabeth Howard, that she may be able to keep a strict and correct account. The time will be busidevoted to speaking and transacting such ness as may be brought before the Conference. and Y. L. M. I. A., Conference The will ifhSSo.. Saturday, the 25th. . Mn.Eto the fuU of is desirous receiving ; in Salt Lake reports from all the organizations C.S. Clawson county. We are pleased to notice that Dr. Pratt winmences a new class in oltftetrics during the branch ter. Sh e has been requested to teach this are conof medicine by the leading sisters who and witstantly visiting through the Territory in this com- of knowledge nessing "the painful lack and she haa department. Her office is central, requisite to thenecessary charts, manikin, etc., m sucli a as thoroughly as can be expected rfaHial course. Not only are the sisters in er-- S of the in these classes, but the brethren their approval extended highest authority lave that .thejeopta .take desire their and expressed the of opportunity advantage . 