by-Sist- er contains many excellent ideas, and I was reminded we aU ha ve a. pface, 4Tbe sober and sad. The m?rrf and gladf : ? redSy-thfiSecretar- President-Taylo- Cheerfulness and charity go hand in hand; you rarely see'one without the other; and tho.moro of both we have mixed with the the mother, the happier her Kbnio. Her cheerfulness is always felt by her children, and generally appreciated, too, arid Innocent mirth, whether in sallies of wit, playful repartee, or frolicsomo antics home-mfluenco- r guided "and 'rereprfmanded by her,v--bu- t strainedIf necessary, with a firm hand, that hone bat a loyibg mother can- rightly hold, and which need never leave traces of sadness 6r glbom.' A cheerful spirit Is as necessary to the development of the mind of a chUd as Wholesome food Jo r its body. ; com-inkn'- - : show how well Jesus loved The, Lord hadf revealed His ' litti-c'hiidrfe- wjiH n. I i I gress. .ter HpmphtioWMthi "the ' sickj also . . . i i 7 Home-Ma- Browri Yarn, Blankets,' Flannels, Shawls, Casslnieres, Tweeds, Palace of Fashion j iVo. . . Wool Batting, Colored Yarns, Linscyg, da Cotfon Battiir, White Yarns, ' Bi-oom- r ' Washboards, Brusho8, etc. , ast Temple Street 17 cThe;. dye Doeires tbe ladfei of Salt Lake and those visiting Conference to call at her show rooms and see her new stock of MILLINERY The latest and most stylish modes of Hats and Bonnets in 8traw, Felt and Yelet. , Also a nice election In Flowers Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Kib-bons- latet tbe 'ia shades and stripes Country dealers, Ladles' Hair work in all its branches. Good Z. O."1' IMI. X. Wholesale and Hetall Dealing to aU klrids nnirn fdiiitq nr of - ;V - everywlicre. Proprietors, Hobetcr. CB""8end for HAVE YOU BEEN TH Pampilct 111 1 NV not you should do so st once, and, eamto IF Ideab In Bowing; Machine Construction: ; J l ' ATTENTION PAID QPECIAL and Preeerrlngr tho kj to niling teeth. Natural Teeth Carefully FalSk Tkettii inserted J?jrtractd tooth to a Full Set, lntho Most ApprOTOd Monnor. PRICES in Suit the. Times and Fl rat Uu r '"WarkOnannlMd. - 0 City, Arizona, CEr'TrTTij5, f ' 1830. EDiT6a Exponent rr The twentieth number of your paper came to the Satrn In this .faroff:iand, freighted with a fea4t tfor the mind, which Is enjoyed by the aters ln'our little settlement; lsojat-- , od as we are from tee majority of the Saints wltb a ' zest raret. enobd ' Iri any other way . And while, peruslrig;it I was noticing wiii-fr- n Ladles are requested to call and aiamlne the most complete assortment of Curls, Braids, .Switches, Etc at :Roduced Prices.' All kinds of Hair Work made up to the : m4t. Artlitlo style. Clash paid for Human Hair and Combines. JOSEPHINE OREGOKY, Bait Lake City. Kimball Block. EEWAEER&C0, missed by prater) and' thet Urge congregation ' dispersed, lC!goIn"g "home happy and contented with what" they bad hekrd. seen and learned. :rAprilll, accc pi , - CORRESPONDENCE. n FRENCH EMB STORE. hy Pea I era andDruggists in Medicine . truly-excelle- Constitution Bnlldlaff, also , RemeSafe dies ore sold j . ; Special depatcaeiitft for. Uetit Qlothjpg and, Carpetfi, Ladies ChildrealiqeB, Dry Goods, Bhawla an Domestlce, Hardware Groceries, and "J stoves. tTrayfanctlOTitomore hDa!tlindaCU(3ii.aJtidla thus a benefit In all diseases.. Tin eliminating tne lmptirt ties ofthe blood, the natsral and necessary result ia the cure of Scrofulous and other feSkirt Eruptions and Diseases, including Cancers, Ulcers and other Sores. Dyspepsia, Weakness of the Stomach, Constipation. Dizziness, General Debility, eta, are cared by the gaito lilt term. It la unequaled a ao appetizer and reerol ar tonic It i&a medicine which should be In every famused,' will &&YO Uu ily, and vijich,, wherever of many doctors' bills. payment jcues oi iwo sizes; puces, w cents and tiJJX Warner's . ; - ..;i"iLAncEi:iTocic HOME MADF TBtfykslorsale by JOHN cTcUT-- . OK LER, Ajreqt of the PROVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old HALT LaUE ClTT. the.'jpriy-ers;- 0f Sister Richards) Apoitle F. D. Richards, Eljier Xu J, Horik, and' President D. H. pleasing remarks Peery then Tpliqtied with ' to, the children, each narratin'g s6m'e anecdote i, or story to ' Impress upon their minds the nec'esstfy and truth in ' ill their actions In eousness li4 " life;After singing, Sister Zina D. TTpung dis- Brig u DISEASES of the EYE ANTIWAR 6f descending buq a. ax . HEAVY AND SUtiltf HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUJ&NSWAIiE AGRICULTURAL, IMPLElI&ETSijka. Views from'tbf band No worth juctloa doaeu" 4 . special ctuay nas been fIron to ODstetrics, diseases of Women, and t 1 DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES ii I Ai I. ' street. , j ,. i: - that day lost OFFICB rjp stiars, In Old Constitution BaHd'nr, EeeJdeuoc sir bJocks cast of Poet Q2b, south- aids of : 1 Whoso low " please call. , nii great., ' Sifter "Zlna B. Young asked a number ' of questf 6hs' reifding interesting items to told them to remember the and children, ...... it. . . me passage: t4Count snirbidzAxr Ath 8tHSs on, i ... jtederswillheal nwesity ip becraiirigr tnat?caremibess;i8;-a- ". pro- -' Ki . - 'ro-uest.- stories WTOrders from" thouhtry promptly jes ponped U.-JAdrtts. David Jamtt, Box S06 Salt Lake City. i : 1 - ' "; ' work ruaranteed. Seis - city ;wbi"ctf pndeV.ttself on "Ye3tern a to Joseph DrihcjplQS He the prophet rpgaring 'the wUhed'omeiyed fy people of the ar'th; the 'hadjjbrought our parei? ts'to ibe truth, arid tapon the children "wi!drsoh; rest' the resjpsibili ty' 'of carryIng on tHe work of their parents; ; XhererdrQ they should be good and .kind, and J avoid being harihand df a JigH prepare; themselves for 'the r work . before - them. 4i ; unanimous the lTIC ShoWt'l)y the children, next sjaoke, relatlpg tp are said to be 20,000 children in Chicago who get no schooling whatever Of and 7000 in the schools who. for lack ' proper arawimrndatidns can only be taught hlf;a..aylllTfnot pleasant report of There PUSPi Jtomiw'lmlisNl on abort noilee.' Jeans, ded OBltter BUHSETS CELEBRATED LIFT WD FORCE bf by the little ones; Bhonld' never bo harshly 5 & Steam Tinner, Ga8j Water AOXKZ FOB .' each has her respective nook, or corner, wbere;!if; disposed, she may do some good. --- then addressed;. the audience, directing his remarks mostly to the chlldxen.; When the iord JfesusVwM iiponl tho ;eartb,n the Ichildren crowdedn around. Mm and:when they were told to. retreat by' His dlsciplesJesusisaidi 'Suffer JltUe children! to: come: lunto mej for ; pf each , is, th e Ifingdow QU&mv.Qn.fi Tbusr He showed that Ho Iaveduittle children Hef Joyed them c4tiilj' and )wbei;ibeyi were good He would hear their prayers, and answer them', though 10 person ftqrwas not with them on the earth. Apostle F. p, Richards read; at the request of Presl tfajibr, ae "passage from the Jesus 8th chapter of Nephi,-wherf the peopie on this conlinen t to bring: their hiia tiiii together tbatiHe Wight Uess them, and the, sigrjsftybich took place in tbq heavens after tbif biasing. Pres. Taylor desired, flil psaaa.reaol io I CTAMBS the piece entitled Witty people," which E. R. Snow: all Xb ifluestlpns werQ answered promptly. ; Hh&bord'a .grayer was then repeated j in concert-by- i them, after which they? sang i r,; "Redeemer o(j3raeL!,i . VJ each of : of last the minutes cThe meeting a with; report tfceiepwere, j wdv together pf. each jsociety.n r reports: exhibited gratifylngrresuUs, t bothfof fhe flnanciaV prosperity and TeUious t asked "tho children TT, dPrdSlTE . SA LT. UKC ' . i!57: SPRIN.C nt ..-.- - HOUSE. . STOCK. F. AUERBaCH & BROTHER, fi&'&AB'i Templ Street, Balt IAKitTCrrr. FlTf tundred plecea of Drfss Goods, Bmbroideries, Rnch Jivt Uondred pairs Kid Gloref, Trimmlngsf Ladies T$ea, Cu" anCollar. 100 Cartoons of Ribbons. LarrMt Wholesale Mlllittery Stock In to West. If otioni boots xryt Hhoes, a -ante' and Boys' OtoUOtw nd Puraahlaf Eto. Iocs : food. Etc, tbe New The New Machine is elerant in appearanoe and admirable In operation j rur.i very faslly and Wit hoot any .noise as d ooofu-sio- n, h Its toK the rate Of ipeed'ls'tenr ttl-althoug-and of snrton self setting'threading vhuttle,'and absence Be sure to and eos renders It both ilmpJe, and durable.. . h ete It for its feneraladrantainw will niako yon its friend. Victor; Setting. O. ' JI.KlGa AaeaVHto J "'J - ' ' dlty. !.,:- - - - - i. ibinsOTQoiDiT- ; SPRING BED8; WLBE) H ATJKE8 SIJS . : Wall Paper Feathers and " aby iii cAh b;Et8. 75,77, & 79 PirfltSouthiStuS.01,; r . 