WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 144 speaks of acts in clear, crisp terms. It is a good rule, if one is at a. loss to know if an act is right or wrong, to write it down in man Question," which Is the acknowledged platform of the Woman Suffragists, the " om rArrfn1ofn itrMrtti uuuvi eTiall fAu frtw thorn iaivau . r i it.:. ...ii friM Mfiirifir' iimm ii i iiiim Minrnrir jiiiiii it,. Lnti tTAva IJUkU : . - ' m hav&drdwn his arguments from these preun mises, iind firmly applied them with fclased jtidgmentj His conclusion 'would have been far different. He evidently goes Into p : the contest "wiin a prejuqicea eye, ana l7ars'ey6rythirig to iho end he seek. - He affirms Woman has ah "intractable ;jTiii" xpftn tcninh iMftn'fl rpsmntinn fannot cope in the' political arena or in the ; balls of legislation." To prove his position he' bring up from trie barbarism of the OUUlu me .iaiocij cuuuhcu wuuicu ui mo rebellion and sets up Shakespeare's Lady JMacteth as a measure of American women, when Woman is fairly and ' then coolly says I: - I I v Ifilii 1II9IUV UI IHJllllWf '' !ll UULUIUU Will TW 1 L a XJGllia.ll snares for the .to spread her congressional thV ami before which the power Samsons; wise fail and' the mighty fall will bo invoked against the sages and heroes of the OUK3 ' Capitol. Oh I what an Impotent conclusion, what a 1. j i.i i on me "it UDei wives anuJ siaiers, wuo moiuerd, stood so grandly calm and alLsusiainlng in the nouf or our conutcjtana ensured us tne victory ! What an insult to our manhood I Again he writes, one of the chief dangers of popular government f is that of in- 'nAnoidcMtn onrl VieVi Inorlal'' irvn rPhia Man- ire'r wrthld bo increased immeasurably If the : 1 and excitable half of humanity had an equal voice in making the tooii-impulsiv- e laws. Those who are familiar with the society of Friends will at once see the fallacy of 'this .ftnlnainn- - hnr fwn hiinrlrpft vo.ira fhnlr urnmnn havn ftninvhrl thia nrivilerrp, sA far as all rules, regulations and business transactions are concerned. They mostly meet in separate sessions, thoogh occasion- XI L. I ii me iew years since any m jomi session, writer was preenf at one of these held in New Bedford. The men di3cussed and passed a measure which was of doubtful expediency and somewhat imperfect in its application. It was sent over to the women, and in due time came back disapproved, was laid on the table, and meeting adjourned, ' Where was the rash legislation? Whoever attends the joint sessions will ob serve the men do most of the talking, ana sometimes get things somewhat mixed, -- - . w -- 1: - - . - - a A I causing undue excitement. At 'this juncture "some woman rises in all the gentleness of womanhood and in words calmly and fitly spoken brings the assembly to its Whero doo3 trio rashness come prop-erdighit- y, ou wu iuijjiu guumu iuu e uu, ro luthis arguments at almost every point. ing ' T. K. Earle. iut- - "In other short, straight-ou- t English." ways," he said, "we gain by the use of short words. They show that we know and mean what we say, and thus have weight with thosa who hear us; and they kindle in other minds the feelings which move us. No one, who means in a deep, strong way what he says, ever pauses to unfold long words of Greek or Latin origin, nor speaks in a ronndabout way. Rage and fear strike out their terms like the sharp crack of the rifle when it sends its bullets straight to the point. The fact that they come to our lip3 is strong proof that we know and feel what we talk about. On the other hand, when we try to tall things too great for tho mind to grasp, we fall into the use of great phrases. "Love, nor hate, nor zeal, ever waste their. force', by the use of involved or Short word3 are not phrases. vague sounds which lull us as theyJall upon the ear. They have a clear ring, which stir our minds or touch our hearts. They best tell of joy or grinf, of rage or peace, of life or death. They are felt by all, fur their terms mean the same thing to all men. We learn them in youth They are on our lips through all days, and we utter them down to the close of life. They are the apt terms .with winch we speak of things ..which are high, or great, or noble. They are the grand words of our tongue, they teach us how tho world was made. God said, 'Let there be light, and there was light' " The speech has been printed and distributed. It is amusing and sensible. long-winde- d long-winde- d ; An American engineer in China has been making a fresh Tnu CniNESB-- WAiiii." examination of its "Great Wall." The dimensions have been given so often that we need not repeat them; but the structure for a distance of 1,728 miles is "carried from point to point in a perfectly straight line, across valleys and plains and over hills, without the slig'htest regard to the configuration of the ground, sometimes plunging down into abysses a thousand feet deep. Brooks and smaller rivers are bridged over by the wall, while on both banks of larger streams strong flanking towers are placed." Perhaps tho Emperor Nicholas had this contempt for obstacles in mind when he solved the problem of the best railroad route between St. Petersburg and Moscow by drawing a straight line by a ruler between the points on tho map and having the road constructed as thus indicated. , OFFICE Residence street. Up stlars, in Old Constitution Builu'nf, Biz bloc is ettt of Pct Office, south side of Special ptudy has been given to ObetetrlcHi disaf-- of Women, and s DISEASES of tho EYE AND EAR. tr AO fa oU Mumln. frV Irnnw f AH I I MV . UAUUUCTA lit n 11 I I I H. rr . Virt rlnoa nnf 4 . I. i (Un v.l uuu wo are ioiul y ; v'!vVJt'iiuui, that It is a case of "prevaicatIon,,, it takes us some time to know just what. wo should L 1 1 : . - think 6f it. No man will ever cheat himself into wrong-doinnor will he bo at a to ,,1033 judge of others, if he thinks and g, RUSSETS CELEBRATED LIFT Alt D FORCE PUMPS. -- Pomps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responped to.-- ( Address, David James, Box 306, Bait Lake CUy. MRS. ELLIS R. SfiIPp7 PIIY8IC1AN AND HUROEON, YedIca! Class at her residence in tho i4Ia0LeDed Ward, two biccks aui a balf east ef the Post Office "reot, neaiJy Chu?hde opposite the Presbyteriaa Special attention given to Obstetrics, and diseases of womea. LAHCe STCCSC A (t F HOME MADF TRUNKS for gale by JOTTN C. CUTLER, Atrent of ifce PROVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old - Constitution Bulldluff, uko Bron Yarn, Blankest, Flannels, SbiwU, White , Linsoys, Jeans, Ya-ns- Yarns, Cassfmcres, Tweeds, Coloj-e- d 17 e Cotton Batting--, Wool Batting;, Brooms, Washboards i Brushes, &c. , f Fashion, iVb. Palace Home-Mad- East Temple Sireetr mRSi C. E. DYE uioiico urn laun j 1,1 Laic buu inoee vjsinnjr Conference to call at ker show rooms and see her new of MILLINF.KY The latest and most stylish mod'--stock Hais and Bonoets in Straw, Felt and Velvet- - AIb--j a of selection ia Flowers, Feathers, P.ushes. Velvet and nice Hib bon8 in the latet-- t shades and 8trip' dealers-,- , Country plt ase call. LadJea Hair work in all its branches. Good1 n work guaranteed. Z. Wholesale and Retail Dealing in all kinds of o nnr.F.n TF.Z. DIZ Y GOODS. NOTIONS, HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, KTT C'C J1TITTTin TLTntrr a n A A r- AGRICULTURAL 1MPLEMNETS, &c. AT TEASDEL'S SALT : X4liK,"'l;i-rY- . ; 1 Special departments for Gent's Clothing and Carpets, Ladies and Children' Shoes, Dry Goods. Shawls and Domestics, Hardwaie Groceries, and Stoves.. DRIED FBU1TS of all CLASES WANTED! FRENCH HAIR STOKE. e Ladies are requested to call and examine the most complete afRortment of Curls, Bralda. Switches, Etc. at Reduced Prices. All kinds of Hair Work made up In the mest Artistfo style. Cash paid for Human Hair and Combing. JOSEPHINE GREGORY, Salt Lake City. vi Kimball Block. fill I 11 not you should do so at ADca, and examine the New TF Jdea in Sewing Machine Constructioa The Nw Machine is tlerant in appearance and admirable m operation, runs rery easily and w tbom any noise aod confa-ei.although i he rateof eped is very hit h. Its setting aud lf threading bdrtle, and absence of springs aiid c ie renders ii both imple and durable. Bero fa st-it, fer ite general advantages will make you its friend. n. Victor Sewing Machine Co., Chicago, . KIGOS, A rent, HU Lake City. III. O.-JI- NSW FALL STOCK. is:. DrcrwoonEX- - WIIOLE8AIJI AHD RKTAIL DZ1XSB TS . . Steam Fitter & XQEJTt FOB HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW ROMMIA B. PRATT, rmrsicxArc aijd surgeozj, The Hon. Horatio Seymour spoke bt fore the New York School Commissioners at Utica last February, oh "The Use of Short M'Wprd3.,J He' made his meaning clear by nsirlg only very short words in his speech. One good point was made by him when he said: "Crimo sometimes does not look like crime when It is set beforo us in the many folds of a long wQVd. When a man steals ., and we call it "defalcation," wo are at a loss Tinner, Gas,' Water - "Woman's Journal." SHORT WORDS. JAMES (Successor to Mitchell & Jeeves) " F. AUERBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. FiTe hundred rfoce of Drrf8 Ooods, Erabrokieries, inrs, I lve Hundred pairs Kid Gloves, Trimming, Ladies Tiea, Cutf And Coilars. 100 Cartoons of RibDons. Largest Who lesalo Millinery Stock in the West. Notions, Uv-uBoota OOC3. ana bhoos, litO. LtO. and boyB Clottinc and l urnishlS FURNITURE BED, SrilING "WIRE MATTRESSE3. Keatliers Wall Papbr AND AST 77 & 79 ' ' . ' V CARRIAGES-75- , First Soath St,, Salt LakftCi 