Kent Co., England, and was the daughter of Samuel and Elizabeth Comfoit Baptized Dec. 1838, by Elder Miles Bomney, at Lancashire, England, of the Preston Conference; emigrated to Utah in 1855. She was the mother of thirteen living children, a member, of tho B. S., a veryJnduatrious woman of strong character, unwavering in her Pen-wortba- purpose, and a good t he rest In peace. n, Saint May Latter-da- y . A. B. Susan Lucinda, daughter of James T. and Elizabeth Strong, died with Pneumonia, in the, 10th Ward, 8. L. City, Nov. 27, 1879. Deceased was born Jan. 21, 1665, in the same ward of this city. She was a child of very great faith, and when sick requested Ue Elders to be called in often to administer to J er. She was a kind and loving girl, .ned and I belovV was industrious, and greatly by all was who knew her. J3he a faiihful, i v tive and : of constant member the Primary Atrociation. of Her age at the time her death was 14 years, old-fas- 10 h' months and 5 days. Farewell dtar Suste, till we meet again: would not call you back to grief and pain ; Watch thou for us upo n the riTcr tbore, With frleads to greet us that have gone before. Died, in HerrlmaB, Salt Lake Co., Sunday morning, Oct. 12, 1879, Bosina Biloox, wife of Robert Dansie, Jun., and daughter of Thomas N. and Jane Silcox. Deceased was born in Salt LalMjy husband jind two children, father, mother and friends to mourn her loss; one little child is laid by her side. She was a kind and loving aMIiffectldhW cellent neighbor. M rs. D. was an active mem- - Sunday School. Peace to her ashes. May we live to make a record as clear and good as she has made. Mary Ann V. Tempest. Died, at Maniotsvllle, Weber County, Utah, January 14, 1880, of chills and fever, Torberg Kriatine Halversen, wife of Simon F, Halver-seDeceased was born at Oster Besor, Norway,ia November,1836. Her age was 43 years, I month, and 22 days. n. , Memobial of Bespect. To the memory of Sister Torberg Kristine Halversen. 1 Whereas, pur much esteemed sister and fel- has, by Divine Providence, been removed by the hand of death; nd whereas, by her faith and good works h vcing sustained the'prlhciple of Celestial Maniige; therefore, low-labor- er Be it resolved, that we, the sisters of Mar-ilo- t'a Ward B. 8., deeply mourn her loss, and sympathize wi.h heir bertaved husband and family in the losa of. bo good, honored, esteemed " wife and friend. 7 Besolved,' that We leader to! her bereaved husband our heartfelt sympathy for the loss of so amiable a companion and affectionate :" mothtr. C ; BeBolved, The fourth Quarterly Con. of the Morgan Stake B. Society was held in the I. House Morgcn City Aug. 5, 1879. Meeting: called toordor by Pres. L. Bich. After the usunl opening exercises, the jniautea of last Conference were.read,aisothe reports from the different wards tpgetherwith the Stake reports. There was a good attendance from the different wards, many of the brethren being present from whom we received much valuable instruction. The Sisters here are at all times on hand to do what is required of them for the building up of Zion. Our Statistical and Financial report for the Quarter ending July 10, is as follows. Statistical Teachers 39. Members 214. Officers and Members 253. Meetings held last Quarter 58. average attendance 114, Woman's Exponent taken 32. Financial, on hand, April 10,cash $67 28. property $913 34. wheat bus, 454, . Beceipts last Quarter cash $54. 27, property $58, 20. wheat 4,00. disbursed, to the poor, cash 1,65. property y cash $19. $5,00. Temple 65, 15, property $39,10. missionary cash $28,1 5. property 3, 50. bnlldlng $12, 55. clothing Indians $5, 00. On hand July 10th cash $72, 60 property $904,80. wheat bus. 458, Home-Industr- We wifeya tender B. S.BEPOBTS. ;'i that a copy of these resolutions be transmitted to the family of the deceased, that they be recorded in oar General Becord, and also furnished for publication in the T. Woman's-EXFONEN- 57.1bs. ; Cor. Sec'y. The third Quarterly Conference of the Belief Societies of Sanpete Stake, was held at Ephraim City, Nov. 17. The congregation was called to order by the President Mrs, M. A. P. Hyde. The The Stake Beport showed that, in this stake there are 165, teachers, 1,542 members. 1, 748. total of officers and members. And that toy have donated to the poor, during the las quarter cash j $107, 75; property, 158, 14; o emigration, 14825; temple, cah, 52,31; pi perty, 152,80; have on hand at present, .415; bush, and 39 lbs. wheat. After the ru ding of the reports, the Presidents of the Primary Associations,reported verhally their respective societies as being in arosperous condition. The Presidents of the Belief Societies also reported their several societies as being In a prosperous condition, the members unite and are ambitious in working for the advancement of these organizations, and every laudable cause. President Hyde addressed the congregation upon the subject of training children. Urged the mothers to watch and take care of them. Cautioned the saints against getting Into thedark. Told them to cultivate charity. Said the Saints had had a glorious time during conference. President Canute Petersen, most heartily approved of the reports given by the sisters of their societies, and of the proceedings of the Conference. Said the greatest thing for the saints to do was to be faithful in serving the Lord and not bo found serving Satan. A number of sisters and brethren made brief remarks upon different subjects. Singing Benediction, Adjourned until beo. io, lbbu. - ; T 1 ' Mbsr On the 22nd, of Nov. Sisters E. B. Snow and Bl. LHorne visited Lehi and held two meetings. In the morning they: good counsel and Instructions to the sisters encouraging them in their duties as wives and mothers in Israel, exhorted them to attend to tfieir spiritual" well fare; that they might gain .an eternal gloryTadmonished the young sisters to attend their Associations and not to associate with men whose habits were not good, spoke of the First Branch of the Belief Society being organ, ized under the direction, of the Prophet Joseph Smith and what a benefit the organ ization had proved to this people; The Bishop and many of the brethren being present enjoyed it very much, and indeed, it was a very pleasant time and will long te remembered by the sisters of In the ofternoon the Sisters met the children of the Primary Associations, in. structing them andasking questions on Church and Bible History which were aaswered quite promptly. Wishing success to the Exponent. Bespectfully, Bebecca Standking, E Smith, Fanny Kofford Cor. Sec,y. The.Ladies belonging to Beaver Stake of Zlon should have their share of credit for the Interest they manifest In performing the various duties pertaining to their de- , partment. A county organization of ladies has taken i- Pres., Sec-y- . The Conference of the Belief Society of Wasatch Stake of Zion was held,in theHali atHeberCity, Friday theiSthlDee. 187: Singing, Prayer. Present on the stand President Emma Brown and Counselors Sarah Alexander and Mary and Secretary Mary Bronson, of the Belief Society organization. Local Author, ities, Pres. A. Hatch, Counselor T. Giles, some Bishops and other brethren, reading of the Statistical and .Financial reports of Belief Societies Y. L. M. I. A. and Prim, ary Associations throughout the Stake after which the time was occupied by the Presidents of tho Belief Societies and Associations in giving in a verbal report all stating their societies in a prosperous condition. President Brown felt pleased to hear such favorable reports from the several wards. Exhorted the sisters to be diligent in attending their meptings and this improve upon the privileges which we enjoy. Ben-2 ediction, meeting was adjourned until 10, A. M. Day-be- ll, o'clock P. M. , 0 ; manner. Presidents that did not give their reports in tho morning occupied the Stand their remarks were very brief w given in a very pleasing and comprehensive a shorL-timmannerr : Sister Murdock-spok- o to thp sisters counseling them to ta the Exponent, that it is expressly for the sisters and- -a express their views and advocate the princor tie iples of the kingdom of God, others "Sisters made a few remarks on tne teatm& and training of children. Said we fibouia be very diligent in teaching them w and in speaking the truth. That we sisters should be very charitable, and n to one another. Bishop Foreman said elt pleased to come to our meeting aEa medium-whereby-they;c- Elizabeth Marriot, J Died, Jan; 'lS80, at American Fork, with acute theumatism of the heart, and dropy Ann Kelly Farragher, aged 59 years,10 month, an4 17 days. She vt& bam at Kirkpati ick, n ' the Isle of Man; J. S. K. during the last Quarterly Conference and reported all doing well in that vicinity. llservice3ofjsingingandprayerejefferfid. -- Annie B ickinqton, V 1 Committee. Nancy N. Tracy, Sarah Ann Bawle Lydia Bich, Prest. V.-:,: " r place since giving in our last report. Sis ter Houd occupying the position of Pres." ident A reorganization of the Ladies Belief Society of Beaver has also been effected. Sister Delilah Cox now being the President with Sisters Dell and Shepherd for Counselors. ; The Sister of Beaver visited Minersville anT e 