90 LIFE INCIDENTS. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. "On. the 2Gth, A, S. Gilbert, keeper of the Lord' storehouse, signed a letter to the governor, in connection with others, which was his last public act; for he had been called to preach, and he said he would rather die than go forth and preach the gospel to the wicked Xientile nations. The Lord took him at his word; he was attacked with the cholera, and died about the 29th. Brothers Erastus Rudd and Jesse J. Smith, a cousin of the prophet, died at Bro. Gilbert's about the same time. "While we were here, the brethren being in want of some refreshments, Brother Luke Johnson went to Brother to get a fowl, him for one to make a broth for Bro. asking Eber Wilcox and others, but it was denied him, Brother saying, in a few days we to return to Jackson County, from back expect whence we were driven, and he should Want them. When Brother Johnson returned he was so angry at for refusing him he said: "I have a great mind to take my rifle and go back and shoot his horse." I told Luke never mind, that such actions never fail to bring their reward. Judge how we felt, after having left the society of our beloved families, taking our life in our hands, and traveling about one thousand miles through scenes of suffering and sorrow, for the benefit of our brethren, and. after all to be denied a small fowl to make a little broth for brethren in the agonies of death. Such things never fail to bring their reward; and it would be well for the Saints never to turn away a brother who is penniless and in want, or a stranger, lest they may one day or other want a friend themselves. Whitmer, which place I reached with difficulty, being much, afflicted with the disease that was among us. I staid there until I started upon my return home. I received great kindness from them, and also from Sister Vienna Jaques, who administered to my wants and also to my brethren. May the Lord reward them for their kindness. While I was here a council was called, which I attended. The Church was organized, a Presidency and High Council riliosen, and many were chosen to go to Kirtland to be endowed. "From that time the destroyer ceased, having afflicted us about four days; sixty-eigh- t were attacked with the disease. Fourteen members of Zion's Camp died, eighteen died altogether; the remainder recovered, as we found out an effectual remedy for this disease, which was, by dipping the person afflicted into cold water, or pouring it on him. Some of the brethren, when they were seized, plunged themselves into the stream and obtained immediate relief. This led us to try the exon others, and in every case it proved periment beneficial and effectual whepo it was highly taken in season. During our stay in Missouri, Brother Joseph B.Noble was very sick, and was taken care o by Elders Brigham and Joseph Young at the house of Joel Sanford. It was with great exertion that his life was preserved, and that by the application of cold water, being drawn out Of a well and poured upon him daily and hourly. The sufferers invariably besought us to plunge them into pools or springs of cold water, while their thirst for the same was very great. While our fears wereit would be an injury to them, yet by the blessing of Heaven it was the only means of saving them that were saved from the cholera Brother Noble's life was yet despaired of, but he was resolute, 'and nothing would satisfy him but tb return home. ' "Brother Joseph received a revelation that the Lord had accepted out offering,saying even as he accepted that of Abraham; therefore; he and an endowment for all; and those who had families might return home, and those who had no families should tarry until the Lord said they should go. "I received an honorable discharge, in writing, from the hand of our General, Lyman, Before we separated, the Wight. been which had money put into the hands of our paymaster, and had not been used, was equally divided among. the company;: making one dollar and sixteen cents each. The brethren who had no money when we started from Kirtland received an equal share with the rest. "June 30th I started for home, in company with Lyman Sherman, Sylvester Smith, Alexander Badlam, Harrison Burgess,, Luke Johnson and Zera Cole, with Brother Sylvester Smith's team, as I had disposed of mine. About this time Brother Brigham Young started with about the same number that Avas with me, with James Foster's team. After proceeding about three miles, we stopped and made arhad n. orrpat Messinc laid im in store for us. rangements for traveling. They chose me to be their captain, and all put their money into my hands, which amounted to forty dollars. From thence we proceeded until we came to Brother Thomrs B. Marsh's; his wife gave us some dinner, when we proceeded on our jourWe ney. May the Lord mess her for it! crossed a branch of the Fishing River in a scow, and when we were pnlling our wagon out of it the scow was sinking. Here an enemy came and swore he would shoot us. We pursued our journey until we came to the Missouri River, which we crossed in a scow; the current was so rapid that it carried us down one mile. After we had crossed the river and traveled about two miles, we came into the village of Lexinerton. where we were UnatDed Bme by ur eamioa, but the Lord whereby we might accomplish" the Mldinl west, the whole Church united in this undertaking, and every man lent a hefpin? hand. Those who had not teams went to work in the stone quarry and prepared the stones for drawing to the house. The prophet being our foreman, would put on his tow frock and tow nantaloons and m intn Ko ,i and Elders all alike Presidencyigh Trieste who Those had teams assisting. assisted in drawing the stone; these alljaboring. one day in the week, brought as many stones' as sun. plied the masons through the whole week We continued in this nunner until, the walls of the house were reared. "In the winter, of 1834-- 5 I. attended the Theological school established in Kirtland, in which the lectures on Faith contained in the Book of Doctrine and Covenants originated. A certain number were appointed to. preach at each meeting, On one occasion I was called upon to speak on the principle of Faith. Several brethren spoke before me and quoted every passage mentioned in the Scriptures on the subject; I referred to an original circumstance which took place in my family: My wife, one day when going out to make a call, gave my little daughter, Helen Mar,-- charge not to touch the dishes, which she had left standing on the table, as, if she broke any during he absence she would give her a whipping when she returned. While my wife was absent, my daughter broke a number by letting the table leaf tall; and then she went out under an apple tree and prayed that her mothbfi finftpn tViof er's heart miodit. d it-o pwwvw, vuu iiuvu out; turned she might not whip her. Although her mother was very punctual when she made a promise to her children to fulfil it, yet vfhen she returned she had no disposition to chastise i&e the child' told her mother that she in Qdd tKai she might not whip her. "Joseph wept like a child on hearing this simple narrative and its application, and said it was well timed." - , . mies. "We proceeded on our journey daily, the Lord blessing us with health and strength; the weather was very hot, still we traveled from thirty-fiv- e to forty miles a day, until about the 26th of July, when we arrived in Kirtland." It was Sunday when the news came to Kirtland of the death of the brethren from cholera, and the Saints were quietly dispersing from afternoon meeting. I was with my mother and Sister Eber Wilcox on the flat opposite the Gilbert and Whitney store, when the word came. The scene that followed no pen can describe; the shrieks and cries of the bereaved were heartrending, and made a vivid and lasting impression upon my mind We accompanied Sister Wilcox to the house of Bother Bond, where the night was spent in sorrow and lamentation. "At this time the brethren were laboring night and day building the house of the Lord, iider Rigdon, when addressing the brethren upon the importance of building this house spake to the effect that we should use even? effort to accomplish this building by the time appointed; if we did, the Lord would accept it at our hands and on it the salvation of the Church, and also depends of the world. Looking at the sufferings and poverty of the ""rtlj-wenupon the walls of the budding, both by night ano! day, and wept, crying aloud to the Almighty to Bend mean , a chi!4-;Aterwaixi- receiving no harm, We passed through the town of St. Charles, which looked very gloomy, as the cholera had nearly desolated the? place. After traveling about eight miles we came to Jack's Ferry, on the Missouri, where we again crossed the river. We then proceeded about five miles, and stopped to take some refreshments, when we were again accosted by one of our enemies, who swore he would kill us that night: we traveled about ten miles after sunset and camped in the woods. The Lord us delivered from the hands of our ene- again it . '. s had-nrarv- ed To be Continued. EXPRESSION OF THANKS Although on the wing I must pause lone Maxwell enough to tender to Gen. George et. al., my grateful thanks for the trouble and expense to which they have lately put themselves for the sake of proving how strong is our position and how many friends as women and voters we have. They could not have done us a greater favor than thus to sound an alarm and set our allies to mustering, unless indeed, they had actually succeeded in cutting off our political ears, in which case the favor would have been to the Great Cause of Woman's Equality before the Law; which by means of the arrested attention and spmpathy of all Christendom, would have been advanced many years. Arid I cannot, suppress a little wicked satisfaction in the fact that or once in the history of the World, wen have found occasion to complain that they are not fairly and equally treated! that discrimination has been used in favor of women and against them! Isn't this a turning of tables unthought of in our wildest dreams?Choir will please to sing, , "Which Kinga and Prophctg waited or, Bat died withoat the sight." L. L. D- - Sow good services; sweet rememberances , will grow from dc jStad, thenu-r-Mm- e The Cincinnati Musical Festival Assoication have offered, a prize of $1,000 for an. original musical composition to be played At their fest. , ival in 1M2.' 