WO them to nothing but molten fire poured from the was nothing to. quiy-te?JatoraSm- ePnl revSKthe we knew Vfnnrv but that, every single dap fiery cataracts descending Zmt one of theside of us. There was one for the other it all, after or thunder was not extra. . on gen-Snaninastat- eof the lnost abject terror, and. complimented bysome of thebeother to able on my courage I was glad-twas keep-- n Kcar testimony to the power that me not only safe but calm; we remained fstairs until the saloon was closed for the storm itrht, about 11 o'clock, but though the pas-VLe- rs had somewhat abated, there was no chance of keeping, for the fog signals were shrieking and Imagine if you can roaring every few minutes. the palm for the read we with what feeling to the sea m down riav fl07th.) "They that go of the Lord works see the ships "etc. "These andhis wonders in the deep." How oftenl had pictured to my .self our arrival all in the "Morning Land," and how sure I felt be something the time, that the reality would of my pictures, and so from different any quite it was. The Austrian Lloyd's steamer Orcatc, in which ne embarked at Port Said, contrasted most emphatically with La Lcyne of the Messageries, at sea or at anchor, she was equally unpleasant, and all poor Mrs. Gilbert was ill from the first and the time. I, though not actually ill, never felt sufficiently at ease for sketching, hardly for reading. At Jaffa, where we touched early on Monday Oth, a whole colony of Germans came on board, and made a genuine picnic on the deck, conspicuous among them a bridal pair whom we afterwards found to be Dr. Schmidt re(British Cousut at Halifax) and his bride, and Both then turning from the wedding. since Dr. Schmidt has been extremely kind and useful, especially in getting my lacking cases give through the custom house. I wish I could moment at scene the the idea of you any m vad in g wh en" the army of Ara bs that swarm around a vessel arriving in iort are permitted to swoop upon the prey, the you unlucky passengers. They come round about like bees, not being allowed in the saloon or the cabins, they stand at the door craning their long brown neck inside, and jabber and yell and stretch out their long lean arms and clutch at vou with their skinny- - fingers.- - How. thankful to "we were on arriving at Haifa about sunset learn from Yusuf Souidan, the agent, who came 1 onboard, that Mr. Bellamy and Mr. Tuber were waitin" for 'us on the' shore, and to l put in so charge of Mr. Duck, a German gentleman, ot those that we were not left at the mercy frantic Arabs. It is their pleasing practice when they have you safe in the small boat and half way between the steamer and the land to cease from rowing and refuse to proceed till you give or promise an exPoor Mrs. Gilbert, who orbitant "backsheesh." had left the steamer in a partially limp and battered condition, was now almost fainting ana would neve been an easy prey, but Mr. Duck of Me was course would not stand any nonsense. land by the reach telling me that we could only we when an of Arab, beint? carried on the back and found ourselves aground in the surf, again surrounded bv swarms of yelling Arabs. 1 the situation to was trying to explain Mrs. a. when we saw Mr. Duck go over the side and had only time to remark that his figure as he disappeared in the darkness was not digni fied, when we also were seized by long arms, and invited to "Get on my Kick Missus, So over we went, and I had not thought much about anything but keeping my toes out of the water, when I was deposited on terra tirma, and a cheery voice enquired out of the darkness, "Is that Mrs. Gilbert or Miss Brook?" Having proclaimed my identity, I was most warmly welcomed by Mr. Bellamy and then by Mr. rather Huber, and then we turned to look, were we soon feel for Mrs. Gilbert, and Jolting off to the hotel of the German Colony in a wagon How thankful wo of primitive construction. In a fresh, clean bed, were to sink down, at last, and how little we cared that the floor of our room was of pebbles and flints, and the appointments of the plainest and roughest. Everything that night was German, and not till the morning-did we realize the "Morning Land," when we looked out on Carmel, with its monastery, and the sweep of the Bay of Aore, with its white houses and fringe of palm trees on the blue Mediterranean, with its white winged vessels gleaming:in the radiant sunshine and over all the sketch of dazzling Bvrian blue. Mrs. . j G.-made- a M A N '8 EXP ONE RT. 15 breakfast while I was finishing my letters for the mall. We intended! to start at 10a.ru. but did not get fairly off till an hour later, a delay which we had reason to regret at the end of the journey. The one vehicle of Haifa, which lias any features of a carriage, had been secured for us and the wagon for our luggage. Our mounted escort consisted of Mr. Huber,. Mr. Bellany and the llouri Jerinsf, the native C; M.S. clergyman, from Mujadel who liad ridden in some fifteen miles to greet us. The one decent road in the country is that made by the German's of the colony from Haifa to Nazareth but one does not duly estimate its superiority till after trying a few of the other roads. To us it seemed m re like a track through an illimitable stone quarry than a road. Quitting the shores of the Great Sea we found the region increasingly wild, stony and barren. The Kishou at this time of the year is merely a trickling stream and after crossing jt we went on for miles over the sand', stony, burning plain, passing here and there a fe w goats or oxen grazing on the bare sand as it seemed, for we could not perceive a blade of Xot a cloud in all the grass anywhere. of blue, and the sun shining expanse in his strength. With what force the words of the prophet came to our minds, "The shadows of a great rxk in a weary land'' as we looked at the deep blue shadow away on the sides of the Carmel range. We did not feel the heat as much as we should have done but for our exierience in Cairo and the Desert. After about t wo hours on the plain we reached the oak forest, which was very disappointing. The Arab- from far and near have all these centuries been cutting at it for firewood, and as the idea of planting young trees to take the place ot the old ones has never entered their Ivoads, it is not surprising that it did not come up to our idea of a forest. Cnder the halfway oak, one of the or:e" largest of the tree. we d is mounts., shade with the. into taken and were unharnessed us refreshed Huber Mr. and nose hairs, their witfjJarcad;and: cheese, grape au.i uiuru lemonade. -- - J and order are the Lares and Penate of the institution and a grand lesson it is for these Arabs whose life is passed in indescribable dirt and disorder, to show them over the place. There is room for 10,0 girls but only beds for If any one would like to do a real khiduoss Jet Uieln them ?end us li for tx bed a year for three years and we shall be able to take in one of the fifty poor little creatures for whom application has been made,or if they cannot do. so. much the 2 for an additional bed. It isa sight for?sair ."ccn-to see the procession of 36 brownies in , their pink print frocks and white muslin vel&wend streets ing down the narrow, steep,todirty, stony a sad and of Nazareth on their way church, of swarms . contrast to look.at the grinning; jag-g- e I little street Arabs who stand back against the walls to watch them pass. These 35 gir's, ranging from 4 to 16 years of age, are taught ac-to read and write and are made thoroughly quainted with the Scriptures. Those who have sufficient ability art taught English and trained as teachers. There are only two servants. To be Curit'imcd. CORRESPONDENCE. ivl... i tpnr 1'iitf.iir. - Thursdav. June 3d. wefeilted on a tour us through Southern Utah. As $0eara carried in the to felt soul exclaim, swiftly along, the hath God "What the of Morse, great language miles wrought." The long and weary now that were skimmed once . traveled so tediously, are bird little as the over as lightly and pleasantly Hits th rough the a4r. To a lover of the beautiful, bow wiudly sulv the eye lime are these dear old maintain.- As of and hill panorama feasted upon t e en wide and the peak, (i that methfnks Italian expanse of blue above, I thanked God for living excel not could skies dowered with nature's so land a lavishly in the around mountain's ch.m-- point, raising where in early days we feared and trembled with the pitehingio and fro of the old wagon, we the placid waters of TJfah Lake, still ever the same and unchanged, on whose shores our childish feet had made imprints in the shining, gathered shifting sands, and our nimble fingers the romantic shells. Passing still on and glancthe heart at ing to the left, what memories flooded old ,fa like us before rose thai ot hills the siglit not nota-hill cjhnlx?d, ..we.Jiave hrrtiarfmHKf, not a crag 'nor a clifi' we had not scaled, nor a dale we IcTt unseaimed for the dainty violet, the wild honey suckle, and the sweetest and fairest of flowers the Lily of the Valley. To-dav other feet tread the same paths, other Hands ,, thronired nunc CUU IMU JUVUJ inv;m, scarce have cares and life's burdens, with time for pleasant retrospection. How soon do we ias8 from the free and loyous ilays of youth those days fraught with happiness and bright anticipation to the cold, stern and sometimes withering realities of life. But even prothough experience teaches u that life torn overto must learn we wherein endure, bation, come, and sutler and make ourselves perfect suffering, we still cling to it tenaciously. through from To At a. m. we reached Provo, steppingwhich a found soon we conveyance from the cars took us to the door of our esteemed friend, "Ma stranger, Smoot," who although a comparative we find do earth on WJicre v. tinx.tviiw kindl on meeting each that sympathy and cordiality wedo time that first among Saints. other for the binds the heart at tie that We feel a kindred so we for fast off meetinsr, was once. She justAnd felt ever we as do, well, accompanied her. in listening to Inspired teaching. of the In the afternoon the Relief Societies Bchool-houseve four ward met in their respecti while "Ma I attended that of the 1st Ward,friend of woGraves (the Pmoot" and Father to nowards to different the man) drove around in the evening. I he tify them of our lecturo won! was well circulated, consequently a good audience. At the close of this public lecture in-to both ladies and gentlemen, I announced my tention of forming a class tor a series of pri vate lectures for the ladies. The Idea met with ap.met proval, and quite a number accordingly. me on Friday afternoon at the B.Y. Academy, several of the students of this institution Joining the class an entertainment Saturday afternoon attended of the 1st Association given by the Primary Ward. The exercises were very;, creditto the children and their able, both the close a nch repast At President. On .J oeous snow-cappe- ! iK-hcl- d ;n mu.uw.u ty nim-jihis remains only found ago-antwo years aloat a when search wamade onliis 5 he said, my friend fortnight latere f'Here js Miss showof Tanner, when taking ltve for the sake ing -- a ' splendid .revolver, andrelieved - that K of this -"- friend first by a - Uv4i frm d was ho whHo xtlngnnwkf- Hon r i tre. behind. rode were we WJteit again en ifou the forward to prepare his wife for our approach .and lor visitors, he, having firsfe ordered her house came out and horse husband's her mounted us. alwut half a mile to meet and welcome she Jiorse with an attendant, Leavlng-th- e the carriage mounted to the seat between us on was a someIt checks. both on and kissed us. after the first what embaFAssing' interview Intercourse was our exdiangeof curtesies, when limited to smiled and nods, and I was glad our and recepThe place wo alighted at Mujadel. tion there I'mut describe in full. , to walk to iiaira d Injing-misse- it" helwas-killedstunne- d, M' tub' oi:phaage. Nazareth, Oct. 27, Thermometer, in my room The ilkitration in Farrefs "Life, of C"" a Nazareth from the wuthwt jrfvej gong Hue ; mis idea of the fcituatiou of i tulu, ;. Affi.rt .aTiii the nalaee and sucn u w -- From the delightful UUoin,a we have large hall opens, to o to hardly tew which t hna3iue often watch a few moments at sunre, he "miset, moon or starlight as wella during lies "all golden" days and feast upon it. ihete the town with its flat white of hills. Beyond the lid s southwest the plain of Esdradon, abounded of Samaria and eastward the whW the ; lytlmu lovely even now wto tlj. lZXtottoto the 4 t and let me show you ?K VSlIdln the centre of the functo ing lall,whctt ? being filled, long rows of Mtte Large Jof Jte hall tiie immense din-in a as intended l Uiejr Un the other fa s. - 