urn U ' - n 1 ' ' -- ! .The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY UAH? MAY Vol." 8. birthday wish for mrs. b. w. smith; Mr DiIb Sister bItssiieba.-- ' '.'..'-i '. Lnr may you lire, ble&siciraDn year blesslnja receive; Andjear ly s.May prosperity's reaius most graciously emllo. And in crowning your efforts dlmlaUh your toll In tbe grand dlsti Ibu tf on o f th good thid jra of ea r th , May you ret your proportion, to cbeer your borne hearth; Ever here claim the gifts of the angel of health, And secure for Tiereafter Eternity's wealth. May sucb choice Birthday social, like Hennon's bright r.? I . -- devr. With frequency sbed their refreshings on you; And that Comforter, beacon of heavenly light. Be your constant companion, by day and night. . As the mighty designs of Jehovah roll on, May you hold sweet communion with those who have . gone; t :,. now between us, grow thin to your view, And the rail And Eternity's Tisions be opened to you. ouffb tou'to sought to do much, may you do even more In the great work of God than you've done heretofor- eDoing good hero and there, and wherever you go. ; Please accept tAls a Wish ffom - liz aR. Rkow Smiih. Lion House, Salt Lake City, May 3, USO. BIGOTRY. Too short and eiiphoniou8 a name for - the it' but represents, hateful, bitter sentiment a "stern sense for mistaken often is which of duty.',, silver since one religion, or manner of worship, has had the over another, so long has bigotry: had a place in the human heart. Indeed, but little humanity is left in that soul in which bigotry has a hold. I trace it back, even as far as Cain; the hateful feeling which led pre-.dominan- ce him to sbed the innocent blood of hi3 brother, was bigotry in embryo. Although he was not willing to live a righteous life, he was not willing that his brothershould enjoy the peace and blessings consequent to such a life. As patriarcbial families grew up into tribes, and tribes into nations, bigotry grew rank and odious in the hearts of men, and with its;, twin feister, hypocrisy, brought about the long and renowned Holy War. Deceived and misled by-i- Saul took an active part in the persecution of the disciples' t, of Christ Bigotry iias ever been a powerful weapon in tho hands of the evil oqe, to , decimate the numbers of the righteous. As I read in the Revelations about the righteous spirits under the throne of God, crying: "How long, O Lord, Holy and True, doat thou not Judge, find avenge our blood on them who dwell on the1 earth?" etc., I think of the thousands of truly good and herdic ones who were tortured, burnt at' the Stake, or otherwise slain through the Inquisition in which abomiRome, in Spain and nable 'institution was founded und fed by Waldenses, or discibigotry Later on, the f slain, in ples nf Waldo, were. tortured . and ' few zealot a the valleys of the Alps, by. "princes and" counts and their:, superstitious tenantry, Incited, by a bigoted priestcraft. Plus IX excommunicated Victor Emmanuel, late King of Italy, (then only King of Piedmont and Siberia) for granting to hi3 people fn-Fran- ce, ; i liberty ot conscience and liberty of , the press. Nor were the Catholics atone warped 1680. by a bigoted spirit; instance: Elizabeth of England; persecuting the Catholics; the Protestant colonies ot America persecuting the harmless Quakers, and last, but not least, the Christian (?) denominations in the States of Ohio, Missouri and Illinois driving, robbing and murdering a harmles3 and people, for dariug to say that Josephs Smith wa3 a Prophet of God. By their fruits shall ye know them! Many who cry down despotism nurse It in their very bosoms, in the shape of a bigoted beg lief that they are right, and that whoever does not see and believe as they do 13 positively wrong, and should be, morally and socially, put under foot. Many, under my observation, have estranged themselves from good and warm friends, because the latter would not discountenance some person, or persons, whose views did not chime with their own. Such' things within thn pale of Christianity! Let us shake them Not off, and blow them to the four winds. With a narrow and bigoted mind shall we ever enter the presence of a just and merciful God, who has given every human being: his or her-- agency, and who sendeth rain and sunshine upon the wicked as well as the righteous, and wait for a day of retriE. C. E. F. bution. Morgan City, May 5, 1880. EDITORIAL NOTES. Titanks to Mrs. Sarah "W. Sears, Ele ven th Ward, for a tasteful bouquet of sweet fresh violets and bright-eyepansies, to grace our office table early in the season. Sisters E. R. Snow Smith, B. W. Smith, ZinaD. Young and M. I. Horne, also Bro. Daniel Graves, attended a special meeting of the sisters at Mill Creek and organized a The prospects are branch silk association. favorable now for the rapid growth and permanency of this Industrial enterprise, d ( Dr. Romania B. Pratt's. cass In obstetrics Several ladies from the country nave arrived, and it is to be hoped others .will come. There is a great need of thorough preparation for this department of the medical profession, and Dr. Pratt's terms are reasonable, which will suit the circumstances of the sisters. The New York Senate has adopted a concurrent resolution providing for the amendment to the Constitution, which will give women tho suffrage, or equal political rights. If New York gives woman political freedom it will have great '.influence In other states and Territories for the Empire State is one of the most powerful in the Union. The women who advocate equal political rights mean to have some voice in the various Conventions held in tho'intere3t of the next president, and to insist upon the 16th, amendment to the Constitution. We have received letters frorn some of the officers of the National Woman Suffrage Association urging our attending the Convention to be held in Indianapolis May 2G and 27, also the Presidential Convention in Chicago .in June. .One .. lady says I trust you will is now opened. , make arrangements to attend the Renabi-caGreenback and Democratic Conventions I have applied for seats for 6 women delegates of the various State and National Woman Suffrage Associations. Yon were elected at our January Convention one-- of the delegates of N. W. S. AJ1 This we certainly consider a very flattering compliment.. In the same letter she says; "Remember me kindly; to the worthy women who are working out social problems in your midst I shall be glad to meet tnem when I come to Utah for i intend to visit your people before I die." ul read the Exponent regularly or rather irregularly for I carry it in. my hand or pocket waiting for a moment to gmance itthrongh. It is always good and interesting. What excellent work your women do.' These Iadie3 are working nobly for the elevation of their sex. They are women of Intelligence; philanthropic and above all they are terribly in earnest God speed them, their cause i3 just and should prevail. Earnestness Is the passport to success. n, , law-abidin- :2 m-in- ; STRIVE It TO y BELIEVE. the one, almost only, struggle of re ligious life to believe. In spite of all the seeming cruelties ot this life, in spite of the clouded mystery in which God ha's enis shrouded himself, and i n spite1 of pai n, and the stern aspect of human life, and the gathering of thlcker darkness and more solemn silence round the soul as life goes on, simply to believe that God is loye and to hold fast to that as a man holds on to, a rock with a desperate grip, when the salt surf and the driving waves sweep over him and take the breath away 1 say that is the one tigtit 6f Christian life, compared with which all else is easy. When we believe that?human affections are easy. It Is easy to ho generous and tolerant, and benevolent, when we are sure of the heart of God, and when the little love ot, this life, and its coldness and its unreturue4 affections, are more than made up to us by the certainty that our Father's love is ours. But when we lose sight of that, though but a moment, the heart sours and mankind seems no longer worth the loving, and WrOhgs are magnified, and Injuries cannot be forgiven, and life drags on, a mere death In life. A man may doubt anything and everything earthly and human, and still be blessed, provided only he holds' fast to that conviction, that sublime faith in God's love. Let - ! all drift from him like sea-Wee- d on life long asf he reposes' on theassure anco of the eternal charity',; his "spirit ' at least cannot drift away from tho ,"Rock of Ages." There are momenta, ; I humbly think, when we understand these triumphant words' of St PauI,'"Let'Gc'bQ traoy but V" every man a liar;" ' ' ' IdA! Dot60N. ' ;i; j" 'Mlnersville, May 7, 1880 ocean,- so - J f We should give as we receivocheerfuliyj, for there quickly, and without hesitation; " a is no'graco in benefit that sticka to ' tlie ' " fiDgora.3eneca.:. : rV.T . 