WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Iltor. in Salt Lake City, Utah Published Terms: Owe copy one year, $2. 00; one copy six months 11 .00 Ton copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Karh square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one A lik'ral .discount to (H). liu(', !i.50: jkt - month, regular advertisers. Kxponent Ollice, Lower AVest lloom of the Council llonw, .South "Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. nj. lo A p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to sciur-moiilUl- j, :. Woman's Exvonkn;.. Salt Lake Citv Utah. HALT LAKE 01 TV, wiii wwwftjojrrw tmMwr rf-yJ!- JULY --n. 1, 18S0. i SALT LAKE. S FAKE CONFERENCE. The regular Conference of the Halt Lake Stake of Zion will be held in the Halt Lake Assembly Hall, on Saturday and Sunday, July .'5(1 and 4th, 1830, at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. of Semi-Annu- each day. There will ri al v : le a meeting of the presiding, ofli-er- s others interested in Relief Societies, Men's arm Vounjj indies' Mutual ImYoung provement Associations, Sunday Schools and Primary Associations, in the Assembly Han, OIl Saturday evening, July 3d, at 7 o'clock, and a general meeting of the Priesthood of the Stake, on Sunday evening, July 4th, at the same place, at 7 o'clock. Angus M. Cannon, Davjd O. Calder, Joseph E. Taylor, Presidency of the Stake. JUBILEE CELEBRATION. Jubilee Celebration is under contemplation for the Twenty-fourt- h of this month. This is a day certainly remarkable one in the history of this Church. The day this people should be anxious to celebrate, for it is the beginning of a new era in their history. The day when the weary feet of the brave and valiant pioneers rested for a brief space in the heart of a great desert; a land which Jehovah seemed to imve poin ted out and specially designed ror his coven, ant people; a plaoo which other white men had shunned and looked upon as barren and undesirable, and therefore it was not expected that a people, who had been driven from the borders of civilization, would be molested here, but find a peaceful and safe retreat from the persecution and oppression of their enemies. Many prophecies have had their fulfillment in this peculiar advent of the people. Isaiah said: "O, that bringest good tidings, get thee up intoZion, the high mountains!" "Thy watchmen shall lift up their voice." Did not Brigham Young Heler C. Kimball, Willard Richards, and their associates lift up their voices, and sing together when they arrived in the valley of the Rocky Mountains? And were they not watchmen' Had they not fully earned the title in a literal seme, by watching, guiding and protecting the people who had been driven 'scattered and peeled?" Latter-daZion, the prophets of old said was to be a place "sought out." These noble' blessed pioneers sought it out, they did the first practical work of the Latter-da- y Zion. They foot-sor- e traveled, and weary, the unbroken deserts, the sand hills, the great rocky mountain passes, where the foot of the white man for ages had not trod; the "Land of Pro mise," a refuge for the Sainfoin time of need President Young in his diary, July 21,1847, says' A , y ' "This is one of the most important days of my life, and in the history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. After traveling six miles through a deep ravine ending with the caflon, we came in full view of the valley of the Great Salt Lake; the land of promise held in reserve by God, as a resting place for his Saints. We gazed in wonder and admiration upon the vast valley before us, with the waters of the Great Sal Lake glistening, in..the sun, mountains towering to the skies, and streams of pure water "running through the beautiful valley. It was the grandest view that we had seen till this moment. Pleasant thoughts ran through our minds at the prospect that, not many years hence, the house of God would be established in the mountains and exalted above the hills, while the valleys would be converted into orchards, vineyards and fruitful fields, cities erected to the name of the Lord, and the standard of Zion unfurled for the gathering of the nations." How truly these things have been verified, this country from north to south and from east to west, speaks for itself in a language more telling and forcible than mere empty words. "The desert" does "blossom as the rose," and "the solitary places are made glad," and the Saints have rejoiced and loud hallelujahs have oft arisen to the Father for his many mercies and blessings; and it is meet to celebrate this day; to the Saints it is "a day of days." Muny, very many, of the men, and women, too, who were the patient, energetic and earnest workers in the early pioneer days of Utah, are liumWert with thecold and silent dead. Of the one hundred and forty-trire- e pioneers of '47, who made the first roads and built the first bridges, not nearly one-haremain. Of the three women who came with them, only one is living Mrs. Clara .Decker Young. Mrs. Harriet,. P. Young and Mrs. Ellen Saunders Kimball "have botlf passed behind the vail. A few years more, and all these veterans who converted the barren wastes into a pleasant and fruitful garden, will be no more known among the living. But their works can never die; for Zion and her towers and her strongholds will be imperishable. Their names are so closely interwoven with the history of the Church that they will live in its records, and be preserved in the archives ot the House of the Lord.. The people should spare no pains to make the Twenty-fourtof July, a Jubilee in very deed, and one long to be good strong stock company. -- h HOME AFFAIRS. A party of young people are getting up a July 8, to be held in the Social Hall, for the benefit of Miss Mattie Paul Hughes. The entertainment will consist of songs and a drama, in three parts, represented by Miss Keetie Hey wood, O. F. Whitney and Hebe M. Wells. With these young people it will certaiuly be a success. Concert, for the evening of Err ata .Dectr Em: In reading my "Reminiscences" in your last issue, I see that the quotation marks being omitted makes it read as if nearly all had been copied from my father's history, which part ended with the description of the cow leing killed while a girl was her etc. Please mention the above and milking oblige, Yours truly, jr. M.' W. Tub Home Dramatic Club will appear on the evening of the 5th of July, in or Men of the Day," and in the Extremes, afternoon in "Ours." This company of young .people have talent and ability, and it is to be hoped they will receive sufficient encouragement, so that we may have once more in the history of Utah a Go and see the The excursion for the "Old Folks" to Black Rock and return, for the 7th of July, is jQ the hands of the same energetic and persevering Committee who made it such a pleasant success heretofore, and no doubt the arrangements for this time will be as perfect and as desirable as in former years. The "Old Folks' Excursion" involves more benevolent work for the Relief Societies, who are expected to attend to the picnic details. We tender our sincere congratulations to Miss Mattie PauI Hughes who has recently passed her examination and will graduate in the Medical Class of '80 at the 30th, Annual Commencement of the Department of Medicine and Surgery of the University of Michigan; to be held in University Hall at 10 o'clock A. M. Thursday July 1st. 1S80. We acknowledge a Complimentary invitation and would gladly be present if circumstances would permit. Miss Mattie was a favorite of ours and earned her first money towards defraying the expense of her medical education by setting type for the Woman's Exponknt. She is an interesting in telligent and brave young woman. Miss Faul Hughes will graduate on the 5d, anniversary of her birthday. She intends to further perfect her study of medicine and surgery practically in Hospital in Boston, Mass. There are many young women, yes even young men who might follow her noble example, with honor to themselves and credit to the community. Dr. Romania J$. Pratt delivered a lecture on the physiology and anatomy of the human system in the Theater on Tuesday afternoon June . Mattie. Pau I Hughe?.,.,. "2?d,- for the benefit bierjlcnoas .Jvrattie.4.,FmiU. who is now stuuymg rneuecmtf ana surgery attne University of Ann Arbor, Michigan.- The. object was a laudable one, and the lecture in every rtpj)ect,as far as the subject, the manner and the facilities for illustration were concerned, was a perfect success. Financially it was not so much so the fault was perhaps in its not having been sufficiently advertised. . The sisters should avail themselves of the opportunities so often afforded for institution in these subjects and become better acquainted with the human structure, its needs and powers. - lf . plays. - -- . of-Mi- ss - We have received of late two )eautiful tributes of affection. One is from a Lady we have never met. A cross of ferns and bordered with a vine of the same materials. We shall have it framed for the office. It came, all the way from San Bernardino, and is really a very lovely thing and displays artistic taste in arranging as well as refinement in the expression of affection and as we are passionately fond of things of this sort it could not have found a more welcome nook to repose in, than in a corner of this office, where we can admire its beauty and shall think of the giver with feelings of sincere admiration and tenderness. Some verses came with the cross from which we may select a few lines. The other tribute alluded to was some lovely d flowers "sweet d flowers," from a sheltered dell, where they grew in beauty in.East Caynon; there are moro than forty varieties.Df all the beautiful things in the world there is nothing fairer or more equisitely beautiful than the flowers, fresh from nature's hand. How they speak to the heart, how they refresh the soul, what restfulness they bring to the weary, and what happy thoughts they ate wild-woo- sea-shel- l9 wild-woo- 