IRELAND INFJ3LDC. BY HANNAH T.. KINO. "Flow'r of the earth! and first gem of the Bea!" Who would not weep o'er thy sorrows and thee? land of thamuso,- - A .V i Chivalrous nation,-ancan refuse? warm tear oi The ajmpatby.who Country of Weliinj ton! birthplace of Moore! U i e--Land of great Statesman, both now and of yorel f , d I knonot'tby politics, mattftrs of state, r llat I weep for the wretohed t weep for thofr fatel ' i "; " I knowthereare hearts in that suffering land Whose lin pukes stretch out the warmf ready hand , " " ' And shower their bounties wherever they ro " O'er the dwellings of wretchedness t famine and woel And shall not their prayers and tboir slmsdeeda ascend To the throne of the Mighty, palo misery's Friend? Shall not "the ten righteous" suspend In the hand The rod of destruction that threatens the land? We read, in the days that have long passed awayi ere In the page that's Illumed Ty DIvTnlt j's wo read, in the gap did humanity stand. Averting the Vengeance of Heaven's own band! He works but oy means, and His own mighty Son Hi example bequeathed us to do as He's done! Let a true Curktlan spirit then light up each heart, To tho. "one more than kin" let each strive to Jmpart , J ; . ; BY HANNAH T. KING. It is most refreshing1 to hear of public benefactions from those who abound in the wealth of this world. nA Commoner of England, Mr. Mark Firth, of Sheffield, four years ago gave a large tract of, land for a spacious park, for the enjoyment, the health, and the ; amusement of tho god people of Sheffield, and which was opened In drie form by the Prince of Wales' in person. The same gentleman has since given land, upon which ho has had btiilta college for the higher education of both boys and gills.. "It has cost 20.000, andjin addition to that sum Mr,;. Firth has given. 5,000 towards the. endowment; fund. , Nearly 15,000 has been raised to fouoft scholarships, apd It is believed that the endo.wv meut fund will soon reach 25,000. .Thero have been 4,000 Uudents iihder the unlver-slt- y extension Scheme' sincIts--foundatioin Sheffield, and 550 certificates have 'been f of these granted to local students, nVst The class. being gift College will be of the greatest value as i?eip to the. spread ,of university education, for its free lecture and . class rooms . will rei ie ve those interested In higher ,ed ucation from the financial burden of proyidhj fiuj table accommodation. .' The college lis part "of a block' of buildings, offices of tho JSbeffieidr School Board, who have btuilt, ifc tbesame range of buildings as the Firth .College and their own offices, very fine central school for 'boys and girls, and these are .designed to "give to tho picked pupils from other schools a hlhger arid,' possiblyi a technical education: Tho whole' of tho principal educational machinery of tho1 to vtn Is consequently located in one range 'of buildings, of. which Firth ColIegeis,the chief feature. The principal of tho college, is Mr.. A. T. tfentley, recently Felden 1 Lecturer at OvyehVCbllego.Mancheaicr.1 OIc'n who with great po3al, elect to spend It trf mere sumptuous nessabd luxury," are5 repaid ' Indeed by ad. of-Firt- h. , . . ; 4 . In-utitnti- ons, MarkFirthL-- ' .. -- 'rwho was received with : : ";: ; 5 - i:can ho said5tdhavo hadihisfalrehane&in: the world. Let it never bo said, then, that It is necessary in any city for children to - forego these innocent pleasures." A mighty mass . of people wero congregated to see the opening of tho college, especially as 1 1 was alFno u need tbasPri nco Leopold would open it. Princo Leopold id a Ho Very modest, retiring young man. seems to have started out young in life to do good j it is said he desires to enter the church He has feeble jfieallhj and this.may hayo bded the cause7of his imeditaU and serious turn of ml n d he mad e a 7feelipg and suitable address, a fe w words of ' wh ich quote: "It is Impossible for mo not' to feei: how small is 'tho jart which I have been 'called upon to play In the worjf which fiasf consummation " tcPdayy compared with the labors 06 those who have'fostcred and watched over its progress from the commencement But at the same time it is an undeniable pleasure to mo to have been associated evenilnrB eilght degree with. ttiii great work of Mr. Firth's. I have already y had occasion la v another i place to make spme alusion,tq Mr. Firth's claims'on our good wishe3 and affectionate sympathy, and J shall perhaps best consnlhU feelings on any elab. by entering Jn'hLVprese rjite eul6giurh on his good jdeeds" ' I have already villted this morning t!th6 almshouses w'filch' hVlias butirand I look forward thiafternbon1 to visiting In his com-pan- y tho park wh icli he lias laid 6iiU In the former plaice I saw hini surrounded by thH aged folk" whoso" de'ellnlng 'years' are being soothed and'raade'Tippy Ry his considerate forclhoughtand Vhon I sco scattered throughout the Tnon'i Ivbrntm atidi children. who, by'this gift, aro enabled too escape from tho ciosaatmosphertj of the town h and ?alh. tho ' temptations .of a great city, to breatho awhile purer air, and to ,In harmless recreation, I sbaliimoro Cully realize the Inward, joy. which he must experience. If our good, wishes can In however 8malla dogrce add to this well:earned begnto,aro Mr. Firthf both on your part and.bn my own,' that, wo most cordially and.lieaitlly. tender them to nim --- 'Mr Mark' Firth, loud cheers, said : Mayjt please y our Boyal Jn the Highness The object wntemplatod which erection of the College your Royal consented rtoopenr Highness has graciously a .to. is in this day4 systematic and provide permanent fortn certain 6ducatf onal :means amffacilities for promoting the intellectual, moral and social elevation of the inHabltants of thl: town. A great want, ?tob has been a public buildlng: with the fedrsite means and - appliance's for" the work to be' done;' i Impressed , deeply with thls? want, I hav thought I could not more servlceably appropriate a portion of that wealth which by tho blessing of. Almighty God j I have, beerr privileged to acquire, than by erecting and presenting to my native town he bttildin In which they iarnow assembled asialocat habitation for the eollege. It has iven met very great pleasure to do thlsw The bulloV ing comprises lecture hall,.cjass rooms, rooms for lectures and other needful tho necessary fittings, for a complete, system- - of education, sucn as has been just Indicated, It has already been legally settled on trust for (ho use bf the Inhabitants of this town and neighborhood for ever. I desiro personally to thank your self-inauIgencjefia-cT' EG E. one-hal- pleasure which the ignorant cannot know. But another, and aa It: seems to. me, an equally, valuablo effect of that culture, is to make us shrink from and hate all that is vulgar and false, and. to prefer pure and simple pleasures, such as are open to all and can .never be ex hausted by any,Jo ostentation, vanity; and venture, to think must have been Mr, Fifth's feeling when he presented your town with a park before presenting It with' a college. He must bate desired above all things to glvo the children who are compelled in this busy city to pass many hours each day amidst dark1 and gloomy surroundings' an opportunity oMcarning' from nature those lessons which are tho rightful inheritance of childhood, arid without' which '"ho man to" come. Instead of spending his wealth Linf folly, or worse, he bequeaths it to noble that will benefit mankind and produce a mighty prbgresslon. I must now" give a few words from the great benefactor . A ray of that sun which so brightly has shown ' On the land of our birth, from the cot to the throno Tbejjlest "sun of righteousness" beaming on all, To enfranchise the soul from sin's powerful thrall Were the Spirit of Christ the support of a throne, War and bloodshed, and anarchy all would disown; Let this Spirit direct and all discord will ceaee, And bind all in unity, friendship and peace. . of Owens -- at Manchester of Mason at Birmingham, of Firth at Sheffield. There will naturally be the intellectual benefits which invariably attend the progress of learning,' : 5 FIRTH-COL- L the uninitiated would-appeaalmost fabulous;' yet he voluntarily opehsthis eyes and takes a common-sen- s view of lifd as it is past present an t& in luxury, that philosophy,- - and general culture, the opening? out of new realms of thought5 and, of ray-Th- OPENING OF At the close pi his address ho put down $5,000 as his donatio to the college fund, paid out of his own private Income. This seems to me to be most exemplary, and worthy of all imitation, especially by the young, i This young Prince has.beon reared r miration from certain persons and of ajcer-tai- n kind." But how far richer Is the rev ward of those who, after spending what Is. needed to maintain with dignity their place In society, devote tho remainder towards furthering the happiness of their ?fellow-me- n ! ;; Far-of- f generations shall rise bp and call'such men blessed, and the 'names they" leave behmdfthem shalPberankd wIth such names as those of Peabddy In London, , f accom-modationwi- th Royaf High u ess7 for ence on thiar the occasion of is orieriing and all the more becauso of the deepjnter-es- t yoUr Royal Highness la known tq: take t in the objects to which it4henyeroftn"fo arid I now beg respectfully to in the hands of yourlloyal Highness place the deed of gift of this building with the earnest prayer that it may bo the mbansof helpings forward In some degreor 'for ages to come the great workof a.largd and ever advancing education in this our town? of bo devoted re-ceiv- ed pheffieldi'N -- vi vciJ-ii- At i aI u turer ilme I: ? would like to make anpthert extract from the J?iince's" addres m his .views are liberal and:extended. , J1q pointedly,. sneaking, of, tbor young taking degrees in ttbo college,; says, Will proceed ip take.hUor. her degreet rwilh? honor,'! fec and adds) saV leaignedly: hlibr,, her decree, for .burj, college is open. equally' tq ' soundsAvell from the !y&&W&"hi of an Influential Prince: and that mouth m to-da- nt I , -' man T : ' thU it i9ot:l9il ; ; hk itiiould be: the AVonlaniobrnit Bajs'whenfoiemothors hive their share in the title of theday.'woraehMK lfl likte1 ihlr hare jrk in-dul- ForepatiTeiis pay wasHdutybelVa(elvIn tHe city of BoitoH.wItn ladles in att'ehdance. In its clerc&s 'K": UiyT of M?vfl,tT-jLcckwood- go ,. !''t . : Yashlngton, a lady of lalont and ed u cation rX ho d is tlngulaUed !Cb gaining admlafclW to practice before tbo.United '.Htatc s, has now adralUed, to .practlcein tbe" TJ. 8. iPJ' hri t CirwUjppMito tA,boytf.hl Mr, Browr), 'c'afusp 1 1 mamma i'l'do pity poor has no wife to split his " 