Tl Tl ' !V T FT" .... I . rr : . J "T"H uu : i if f f. . 4 The Eights of tho Women of 2 Ziony-an- d 7 the Eights of the Women of all Nations. SALT i IAELE CITY UTAH, APRIL 15, 1880. No. 22. i i. .. i " i h .' I be wiokod, tnlofc not Hft sjbttgci . i lt)j.Jl;j'i. woe IX I i ; op mUw ' ' ' - . . is me; and if I be rlf hteous. yet ftfBl$,t)oojiti.... ;l :.iu , wi 11 " Why do mlfortutwa enbompasi the J utf .Why do they lUU The Omnipotent trust? Why re we smitten? thee weary ones cry, Shpvr us the reason, the wherefore and why " -- -- i i ;. . t: I:i ! Ood they forffet In their wealth and their pride. They1 honor Him not, nay,' the cast Him asid e; Yet they prosper, they flouriab, they Ut t themselTes hi h. j While truer ones ponder tba Wherefore and why. , 1 . . -- - ' :. nbre,:V'!,''--''a- ' ":' 0& let this cup pass," Veti the Savior did breathe, Yet the Father's Peloved had no special reprlere;-H- -- e knew t was Jlis mission to suffer and die, He knew more thai, portals the wherefore and why . "the foxes h&d holes and tire birds had .their nests, But the Soa of the Hit best had no place of rest; ' Likf the prophets of old 'and the propheu tiday, A forfeit bf blood had the SVW to pr-- ' And was He not mocked by humanity's droes? "Art thou the ChrJitt then, eonae down from the cross." bis cry .. How.maayiq abanish ho "Ood, bast thou forsaken me, wherefore and ,wh j?" Sometimes His presence our Father doth bide To test uf and prove us, as rold can be tried; Then whiapers the tempter, "The Lord doth not 'care, Vain is tb patience, thy ;faitb'and thy prayer;" But If' iore of up'rightness within us is born,' v; We'll be true, though' the enemy laughs ui to scorn. "Though the' Lord should e'en slay us," we faithful will , re-ec- L. s '. U fz'i ') wherefore and why. the His Content with purpose, fj.die, . . 't.-- . ..V-;":- ., -' v-- .? -, cit ' 1 1 - Was Job trisd la vain? j Nayl tot aUoomlng time j ; His aflletions bavs furnlshed a .lesson sublime. ') TJpreared by endurance, nor buih. on the lands, Hip trust and bis triumph a motiument stands. ' ' Are wV wicked? "Like Job,' then, be unto us woe;' Are' we righteous? Yet stilt let ts keep ourstrves low? v. :'. If troubfed: be truej la the nearby and by Ul show Uf the wherefore and whjr.; u us, qcdjThpaeet 1 J no e ; . Ana surely we all bate some friends that are true, are ft w; They are even more ireolousbecaose-the- y never their can trust affection, they Ve betray, Their Aim to id bless us.'whaUver they sarV ' They loblc through the surface, they see farther down,' They lift up the wearjr,bnt not with a frowns : ii r. Hath It plewed Pod to bruise us," our honor to try, They'judga not our sins as the wherefore and why. tnV, the-littl- ' " a, U City . . Let the suffers revile and Imagine'things vain," ' The Lord will the righteous approve and sustain; As the hairs of each farad our:Creator doth know, . ; So the jott live by faith, and tbey.fear not a foe. And e'en, If for wisdom's, inscrutable! fndi,' t , We are' wounded the most in the house' of bur f rlendsi ', ' " Yet the'pat Jent and triie can tUs'brdeal defy, God lielp then! td wait for the wherefore snl why. - t ; " us all down, i But not onto death will He will not, merit the martyr's bright crown; For All art potable great crosses to bear, , ' " ; An are not' wprthf great honbri to share. ' Be not discouraged, nor sorely perplexed, Li confidence wait fot'wbate'er iney come next; ' The sua and the rainbow shall illumine the skyt ' .; Making leart our vision the wherefore and why. . al g i While truer ones often of comforts are ihorn, They labor in patience, or wander forlorn; . TJnnjoted and jostled they pass in the c rowd ; and the the scorned Ifnored by wealthy by proud, 8ome friends (?)such as Jobs wlllin kindness essay c To warn and reprore 'lid their 'comfortlnr way); on 0 to rely," And little to letU Ta feel that with Him is the wherefore and why. ' ' ' ' .; ; ;.. For patience and strength we need erermore pray, For one standeth ready to tempt and betray; An accuser be tries us with troubles most sorei Till the Lord crlestEnouf b! thon shalt rex them no bt from-partakin- , for God do the fortunate carei ibould Why they ssek Him, or prali Hlmfor SUf ht? Surely ffair blessinffs with money are bourbt; Seldom How shall wo! protect the. children of tho, eyila that aro growing up; in our mltldt? Oqo cannot walk ho streets' of our beautiful city, at the present timo without feeling the necessity of an influence being brought to bear against the eVils which8 are rapidly ihereasing, alatedio - leaa astray tne young ana unwary. it is or very little use to repeat that In the past, or when-w- e first came herersncb ihingrwero" not prevalent; we must look at the present condition and see what can be done to arrest the progress of corrupt and wicked 'practices. The constant stream of tobacco smoke that one is compelled to stem in walking up Main Street In Salt Lake City is disgusting, to say the least, to us who have ben. accustomed to breathe the pure air of' heavOnce it was not so,V you may hear on en. all sides, from the good bid folks' who lived in those "palmier days;" but that as I said before is of no avail. It positively seems as if smoking had become the hobby of hob. bies. If any boy does not smoke, be is urged, entreated, coaxed, and at last almost compelled to try. In view of thid fact, every mother who esteems physical purity as an essential condition, should be on tho lookout to prevent any .intrusion of this king, tobacco into her dominion. Perchance some mother, sitting at home by her quiet fireside, innocent and unsus- poctlng;, may feel ahe la eafa and that th Are Is no need to express one's self strongly on the subject j but let that mother go out with het veil up and her eyes open, and see boys' on the corners, morning noon and night, as I do, coming and going from my daily labor, she might perhaps tremble a little for her own little cutly headed boy, and wish too, perhaps,' that some effectual resistance might be. made against the invasion of this insidious foe to' health and . ': ' V" JUV. 7"' purity. It may be a little thing at first, but it makes that boy a slave, a slave to a craving, morbid appetite, and 'I firmly believe is the first step In thousands of instances to the use of strong drink. ' This Is not an attempt at an essay upon tobacco,much as we despise It, but only an appeal to mothers to watch , over their precious offipring and if possible prevent any tendency to evil doing.5 Far ' better puzzle your brains to invent methods of amusing and entertaining the little boys , at home, .at almost any cost or trouble, than ; to tend them out to play ahdbiaye them' contract habits that are contrary to the1 spirit and genius of the Gospel and its tachings. 1 have freqaen tly heard the remark by mothers, I can do nothing with that boy; I shall turn Mm over to his father."' I never l hearJVwithoat thinking' how much better it;would be to make persistent efforts than to give up like that." Mothers can do much in their own peculiar way with the'- boys. Tbey 'wlir almost Invariably listen . to the : pleadings of mother when they are young" and their consciences are pliable and tender. "Idleness Is the parent; ot vice," Is as as ever; and one fact Is appartrue y ent, that while little girls are taught Indus trious' habits, In nine cases out of ten the bbys are left to play la the streets,' and are ' head: I am felt of oonfualont therefore Ia not tbkyof the icoffermoetfalr? WORK FOB MOTHEES. . Hua Woomuarsxa. toll, , to-da- u A. f r r '1 1 K e. often tjojd to go, because they are noisy and i troublesome.)AlasI ,br theijnervea ofthe: s poor mother; they may ,be terribly. shocked?: some day,twhen shp becomes a warfcthat her.Ii boy .has, become reckjess .and ia prodigal. There aro many, useful things that Joya can do that are: not r nu the least unbecoming i heir dignity as the future race of men; and n . ; Ml Hit H I S; 'f' r 'ft m ;.( T iJheyjyiU be aHithellxtterandihappierttoo, i f they are employed, instead of- - idling: ; away their time upon the streets, pattern- - a , "ing after UiosOiWh of ijoedtajtipn? hayConly alludeld to tho. ; evil of smoking, but believe me there are many companion evils among the boys.upohju our streqtsHat need to be guarded against. ? i til k ii1' TEMESEANOE.1 .: , - . hi ; ' , ; yrv.i , . ; ; . fi . .1 Temperance ; is a word which compre: hends a very great proportion of our moral, social and spiritual welfare. A temperate iT course of life in all thioga tends to our wel- lbeing, and without it w are not prepared ' to. enter upon any path of life that will bo useful. The opposite, intemperance, Is one 1 of the greatest evils that inow exists In'" tho li world. Who could number the homes it has' made desolate, the misery it has caused? I -have often wondered; what ; has occasioned the most m Isery, and I believe that were they all numbered, we would find that in- temperance has been the greatest evih Many measatei havp been adopted to check t the rapid growth of. Intemperance. sWo- men have sought, by prayers, entreaties and tears, both in pubJic) and private, to save from ruin their fathers, husbands, sons and brothers, but only in rare Instances has' It been possible to accomplish the desired The children of tho Latter-da- y good. Saints are instructed to abstain In early life from the use of anything, that will create an appetite for those things which are po-i- ' son to the human system, and which change i i' 1 -- w J 1 - T.'- It 1 u mqn from; their own noble natures to brutes and fiends in human form; and bring, want, misery and ruin ;as their inevitable cons-equence. The heritage they leave for those they: once a.londly gloved and cherished, broken vows, broken hearts; hunger, want and sorrowj and' for themselves disgrace, ' ; degradation and a drunkard's grave, ; , Salt Lake CIty,-May- , 1876. i j U:u great writer says: "Men need fivei who are in love' With them; simpleUblrance ( is not enough to stand" the strain bf married1 life." Very true. But let us also, remark, A ' 'women need husbands jWhO are In loye with' ; them; simple: tolerance "Is4, not enough, &c l';; Ajp;spATpn from .Geneva announce3 tho death of Edouard Henri GIrardet, tho.paint-- . ; er and engraver. was Charles , Samuel jdirardet, an engrayer. . Mia broth. era are Karl,' a painter, and Paul, an grayer.. rEdouard was born at NeufchateI,.V July 21, 1819, studied, In Paris, and; : His-father- , : " . after-:ward;trayee- dtln Egyyt .and: Algeria with hia brother Karl., Since, 18?9 ho a exhibitor and sevthe frequent recipient of medals for ; genre painting, and ens for engraving. Ex. :u .i bv-:.has-bee- ; j n -- - . rf ''! '' r , , . ' - 