'EXPOMt THE W03IAFS 23. jaS3JJtB pil)EAa sml-nioatza- - 1TOJLS, ' ir, - ;: u-ta- re.; Xktltor in: Silt' Lake City;; UUh. Terms: Ois copycat yeary tZOOt oae copy ids montaaj Tea coptes for Ibo price of nine.;; JLdTertlibg raticst Each square, tca.31ae of nonpareil ;tjftc4m tine, f3,00i.:pcr, inonth, 12.00. iA Illrtl; dUconnt to : fr ; , regal jidTertlsersv y:l ;. : 7; ,f - . the distance the Impression it awakens geema ever one of renewed determination' for the f To the imaginative Lhere is a knell of time that Is as solemn as if it were real, when the old year takes its farewell; echoing again ' arid .qgaljB the remembrances of the past. ... To. some . the Ke w Year, whose dawn linoif i:.. " Exr&cot QS4ei Lewer rWest Boon of the .'. ifiWth-iTewpteiifittejBt- CoitncO -. , , , ,. . , ... , . M I . 1 4 . ' - ' . SattLakaCXty.Uiaa. . . I - .. ' flALT, SJuAKM CJT THOUGHTS ... .',.".. . j& Jil8SU ONTHU NEW YEAR, i -. M- bells; has fare-w- ell just died out. It has finished - up its record, , and whether- - be - who ffurnishedjbe .material for coptriuto rs the great vol- written during tfj& jeai 1 that is gone, hate done their work faithfully; or otherwise, it is i now too late to change it, review it carefully As' they may. The printed pages are' etero typed in living characters forever, by an? Invisible' power; and the pictures engraven, the subj ects,will remain brlgh t wlcb Illustrate . J uu picauDg, or: eumuro ana jgioonry, juss as polish 'which time carries in his jelentleas grasp has s wept brer their surface. Bat thotigli we cannot recall the past, rior live ' ji oreir .agalDi save in memory's' 'sweet musings, yet there Js a new, bright page presented, whereon may be'lhscribed a better and nobler record; interspersed here and there with charming pictures, which with ; rainbow hues and violet tints may leave a trailing glory o'er the .pathway of the pilgrim, that others whp have not ihe same vivid conceptions of the beautifal and tree, whose sketches . are not so ume time -- f the-subtl- h&a sl.l L. , .. t- "A: : e -- & -- 4 . I Ik. 11 ; x-N- ; 1 ' The old year has past. The echo of its ; lights up the. horizon, may be most auspicious j and gloriously painting the East; in ai blue and rose,reflectng the glow of these beauti fill colQrs on all the vision, the future presents to view; but there are others on whom .the w, STear'a dawn sheds no such radiance; to them It may be a gloomy j dark morning, but if one little beam of light shows them the duty nearest, let thorn' take courage and struggle on, there is light beyond,' the clouds will disappear ' J by and by There are promises for aUglven by Him whose words never fail. Then, whether trials press heavily or prosperity beams brightly, each one should 'do the 'duty of to day, which' always brings a peaceful consciousness ' : ' to the sbulv .; ' In ' the new year, whose merry bells sem echoing through the verjr air, we trust there maybe great progress In good, In the promul-gatlp-n of the principles of truth, here and in ' every land. Our wlshis that the Saints, mlht bo more earnest, more dutiful, more watchful, more devoted to the cause they have espoused than they have hitherto been. That home improvements of every kind maybe greatly Increased, and practical work energetically and successfully carried on, that Zlon to throw off the fetters which now trammel her people, and become more independent by making whatever is needed for honie consump tion. That the work of education may be zealously advanced In the right direotlon, that the children of Zion may be taught in all that will prepare them for th great work of the "last days." For the Saints know that there Is a heavy responsibility resting upon them, and that' each succeeding year ,is bringing them nearer to the great final dissolution of all things that can be shaken; that tne preparation for the advent of the Messiah, devolves upon them, and when Jle comes whose right that there may be a few wis virit gins with oil in their lamps, ready to go out to meet Him, and then will the new era be ushered in, spoken of by the prophet, "Behold, I I ' make all. things new.1 . " Jjnijnfsa ijfcioiw from 19 a.m to 5 pan; every day except 8anday. ; ; :u Address all basinets icTntmWtirait to ; ,1 f Publisher Womjlk's Extojtmt, , ' Jfloiise,! '. " treading the telfeame pathway, may be blcsaed enlightened and encouraged. The same blessings are not i bestowed: on all, else the Savior had not said, "to one is given five talents, to another two, and to another one;" but unto whom much it given, of him much will be re Behold the dawning of another1 new year, promising to the earth over WhlchFather Time'hoias'hif :iilent thraldom, seed time and harveat. Arid 'thbogn now cold winter encircles ' tbosVjC Who occup); this' part oh ' the globe, and the enow, like; cqveiln white down, ' lies' all 'around, and wrap? as it wefe its' wintry ' mantle o'er the 'mountain tops ;'and yaileyi below, sprlnklin'it '"ifllh pearls and diamonds of frost, and oVnamentlng It with icicles, yet ohe looks hopefully towards Spring, assured thatjt will 'come fn pristine loveliness, with sunny skies and soft, warm breexes, and snow and ice will meit way, f and the birds will come back to their nests and ' pour forth the rich melody of .their sweetest songs. And men will pprsue their daily avocations, and season will follow season, and the days succeed each other, and over and over again will each Individual soul con the simple but sublime lessons of life. " ' ""'''' '.' Here, as H were upon the very threshold o f the year, the rnest of a new life, it Is meet that all thpnld consider not only the 'ast, but the future. Time need not be spent In mourn- Ing the old while hailing the newbut W'rae tees the shadows of the old year 'Ujlng out, growing more and more indUUnci,5 fading in . . 1 will-mak- e Choir sung a hymn. Prayer by W. W. Phelps. may-beg- in , ; : ' , e loud voice, Fear God and give giory to him for the hour of his judgment is come:1 and Hosea, 6th chapter, after 2 days, &c.., 2520 years which brings it to 1890. The doming of the Son of Man never can be,till the j udgments spoken of, for this hour are poured out, which judgments are commenced. Paul says. "Ye are the children of the light, and not of the dark ness, that that day shbuld overtake' yon as a thief In the night; it Ispot the design of the Almighty to come upon the earth and crush It and grind it powderrbjhthe-.;wlto his servanta the Prophets. Judah mast return; Jerusalem must be rebuilt, and the Temple; and water come out from Under the Temple, and the waters of the Dead Sea be healed It will take some time to build the walls of the city and the Temple,&e., and all this must be done before the Son of his appearance. There will be Man wars and rumors of wars, signs in the heavens above, and on the earth beneatb,the sun turned Into darkness, and the moon to blood, earthquakes in divers places, the seas heaving beyond their bound?; then will appear one grand sign of the Son of Man In .heaven: but what will the World do? They will eay it Is a planet, a comet, dec; but the Son of Man will come as the sign of the coraiog of the Son of Man, which will be as the light of the morning cometh out of the east. REMAUK8 OP PBES JOSEPH SMITH At a business meeting In Nauvoo as published in ihe "Thnes and Seasons Kauyob, HI. ' ; v 'Were I going to prophecy I wbujd sa the end will not come in 184,5,' or 01 40 years-ther- e ar e those oMho rising generation who ' shall not taste death till Christ comes. ' this sub I was once praying earnesUy,up6nj I Ject, and a voice said junto.; .pie, fUy son if thou llvest until thou art eighty five years ot age, thou shalt see the face of the Bon of Manff . I wan left-- ' to draw my own conclusions concerning this, and I took the liberty, to conclude that if I did live te that timo he would make his appearance; but I do hot say whether he will make his appearance, or shall go where he is. I prophesy in the name of the Lord God; and let it be written, the Son of Man will not came in the clouds'of Heaven,' till Imelghty'-fiv- e years old then read the 14Vh cbapterr of Revelations 6nd And I sawanoth'ei' angeVfiy In the mldtt ol heaven, having ' the everlasting gospel to preachjruntMhemThlii dwell jbfx the "eartbVan4;t kindred, an'd tongue and people saying wlth s? . -- : i I . HOME AFFAIBS. Wheat storers, take notice. It is stated on good .authority that elder leaves scattered , thatlestruc-tlv- e wlliyfeseryerfrom amoDg grain little pest, the weevil. TnE Quarterly Confereuce of this Stake of Zion will commence in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall (New Tabernacle) Jan. 3 J, and 4tb, at 10, A. M and 2, P. M, of each day. The sisters should consider it a duty' and a privilege te attend these Conferences and not let any ' little thing hinder them. The Special Electfonwas held Dec. 27, and we are sorry to state that the voting was light, owing of course to no opposition, and the people consequently negligent; but every woman who values her citizenship and the right of sufrrage should have proved it by voting for so valiant 'aJ champlon df woman's cauee as C. W. Pentose. Thanks, Bro. fenrose, you .de' serve the' ladles' Votes. .4 a meeting held on Filday evening Jan. 3d, at 7 o'clock of all the various Societies Iri this Stake. 'The Belief Society the Young People's Mutual Improvement Associations the. Primary' ' Associations the Sunday TirEBB wiU also be nlon will all be represented by those acquainted with' and interested in these '4 School n8, ' K"' ; " ." 7 This Is an bppertunity which stbuid; be duly appreciated, by the workers la these aasQcIatlon for he public veal arid welfare of. the. Saints. Tf. la ti ha VrTntl tVin mill alrn r tk ened represent'itlon in numbers and that heie will be no lack of speakers to report thn present condition and, futurq proepectsof ,tL4ee home ' . missionary labors. . j , isUture,1 occasioned by. the demise of Hon. Vp P. Bockwood, His Excellency.Governbr Emery Issued a proclamation for aspeciaU election to be held in all the precincts of Salt lAke Co.i to to elect a manfor, member from said fill the vacancy. (fovaJ Accordingly, a meeting 'of 