WO danger latest i.iai of contagion existing Sister T had bin highlywinch plLed ira'nd was lar and nrirattive dress, ai ixai f -- supc-u0C- e, the.expensive fashionable follies of the p0nme worldT We should be prepared for the coming, and get the fulness of the spirit the meetings where the inspired Srvanfe of the Almighty poured out the words Sfia of life. the meeting was very numerous attended, and the first speaker was Mrs. v 13 Wells, who spoke principally upon the wiueation and culture of the young, the necessietc. Prest. E. II. Snow ty of spiritual training, some length upon the need of then spoke at Tn the afternoon .staining home industries and primary associatinstitions urged the parents to encourage these and influence,"etc. utions by their presence M. Stuart, D. Elders Counselor Middleton, Sarah Sisters Kobt. McQuarrie, and S. Kggleslou, a made each S Richards and Jane S. Richards close few brief but excellent remarks. At the of the meeting the congregation arose to .their fret and sang, "The Spirit of God like a tire is burning," which produced an inspiring effect. After benediction, conference adjourned until the following day, when the Y. L. M. I. Associations and Primary Associations were ORPHANAGE-NAZARET- H. Yakoob (the man) takes the garden and out door work. Autusi ',tbe woman) reigns in the kitchen and superintends the cooking. All the rest of the work (which in this country includes such things as picking and sifting corn for the mill as well as cooking, washing, scrubbing etc,) is done by the girls. The elder ones keep the . wardrobes &c, In repair and look after the tinies some of whom are dear little pets. I shall often have to speak, of .the two native teachers so I hope you will remember their names Nasaraand Sauda. The present manager of all is Miss Tanner for Mrs Gilbert can only be a show figure from her ignorance of Arabic, and of the customs of the country; and I of course yet oa the staff. Miss Tanner seems to "perfect knowledge and eoiunlahd of strange am not have a Arabic-an- d. tieaJiyjh e aa eergeDickson. All carries 'tMlflmt4kfym8kz mirable system initiated by Miss the girls are devoted to her, -- but are also very kind and attentive to us "and are only too proud to be allowed to render us any service. It is amusing to see the troop of brownies that rush shouting out of the large gates to meet us, when we return from a walk or a ride; the latter espeeially,as,then we often take some of tbe tinies up lefore us to give them a ride .up to the gate. You will notice our flag in the. little sketch 1 have made: this is hoisted always on Sunday, and there is a large one that is put up on special occasions, as the feasts, and the Queen's birthday. This last is celebrated with great honor, for we are a very loyal set here, and the girls always speak of her Majesty as "my gracious Queen" fondly believing that they thus become real English." Nasara, the head teacher, a very handsome but most si mole hearted girl, said to me; "I cannot think that any of the English are bad, when I see them in my mind, they are always singing in their Cathedral and I think it is heaven." I must not forget to mention our dogs, very important members of the Institute. Lao and Majon, they have a reputation for fierceness and inspire the beggar and roughs from the town with a wholesome terror,for which there is really small occasion, Majon is getting old, so last week a new puppy was brought which I appropriated as my property, where upon he received the name of the Rajah; but Yakoob will not let me pet him as he is to be reputed fierce like the -- others. MY FIRST MISSIONARY JOURNEY. Having mentioned in some of my letters what think it wTould be well for me to take the opportuniny of accompanying Mr. Huber to Shefamar, I need not go over that ground now. Miss Tanner had also business to do in Haifa so our plan was for us three with our man Yakoob to start early on Monday, December 2d, to spend about two hours in Shefamar, then go on to Haifa, when the Austrian steamer with the mails would be just due. For once we hoped to get a chance of answering some of our letters by return of post, and then we purposed returning led me to With MAN'S EX PONENT. ' Wirro nn ATTArvhfldv 'riia-rlotr- A ?.' 23 a usual in laying such plans I asked "if thy presence go not with us, carry us not hence." fAnd In spite of all that followed I must still leiievo that his presence was with us. When I Hokl my Arabic master of the plan lie immediately said he should like to .accompany us, adding, "You know I cannot take & sh'emilhowaiJ (smell the air) except when you do, as I cannot have a holiday," This master of mine, Nasif Bouteji,is alas! now I must say ;as,the second son of the native CM. 8. Clergyman, Seraphim Boutaji and a particularly fine intelligent youth of 18. He was so kind and loveable that not only the native, but all the Europeans in the place were much attached to him. He had the manners of an English gentleman and this is saying a very great deal, you could not understand how much unless you knew the ordinary manners of Arabs to women and ladies. As Miss Dickson and Miss Tanner are almost the only English ladies whom the young meii of this place have seen, one must give them very much of the credits of any culture and refinement that is observed. Of course I said we should be glad of his company and Nasif Mr. Huber found that when g he said there was no need of Yakoob. We had a most delightful journey to Shefamar and then skirting the Mediterranean over the sand hills and among the palm trees, and such a description I had stored up in my mind for you all of the loveliness I saw, but the tragic and terrible eVent I have to relate seems to have placed all the occurrences of those two sunny days in the far oil past. Poor Nasif was in the highest spirits, and he had dressed himself particularly well, as he intended to have his photo, taken in Haifa; this I am sorry to say he did not accomplish, as the photagraphers had left. That great deal evening and next morning we had a waa everysee. Nasif to do and many 'people--twhere with us, carrying our parcels and making himself most useful. We were rather late in man leaving the town at last, and Mr. tHuberts Mr. await behind was who staying Lalele, return by the. luaiaioy'" arrival rrom lieyrout. steamer on Wednesday, said, as he took leave of us, "1 am afraid now you will be late at Nazareth; from Ab Horivele mind you none of you speak one word. This Ab Horiyele is a place of very evil ..repute for rakfcand robberies; and it stands at th e head of a dreadful galley, 's repute, The. reason of length, otequat evil ;npt, injunction .was"that our Toiees might. of . tn of women ;were party fjfysif betraLtUftt stupid course was ridmg witlranrArab-saddle- ii with cords and strings, and sevthingfastened eral times he-- had . to dismount because it kept slipping round with him; also theofstrap of his haying it gun had broken so that; instead was carrying it he as back usual, at slung )U before bun. iioth Miss Tanner and I had been gun.' I had very nervous all the way about this were loadU it ask Jiim Tanner heard Miss reply I ed, and though T did n. t hear the of that it tone the from It, concluded and hoped took I good care was in the negative However, We had acof muzzle it; not to ride near the of the d one-thujourney, and complished about . were pernaps iuj uyu MrHuber of the GeutUesTriding altogether, r,nnf mik Tonnpr nnd Nasif skle ' tmlside. and I a little behind, when Nasifs saddle twisted and turned with him again. This time lie was flHng;fcis gununable to recover him)" we aw hiia on b is lace on- the in a second and ground. Mr. Hub dismounted name but there went to" him, calling hinx by .was dead, the was no answer the poor fellow we afterwards whole charge, of shot .having, as his left lung, the penetrated doctor, learned from Tanner Miss i. immediately rib. third below the while 1 remained galloped to Haratfreh for help means restoraf with Mr. iluber, trying every fctiir any life m migh tion, if possibly, there Miss Tanner hen last at fellow.-Wthe poor some men, Christians, that is, came back with not Moslems it seemed as if there was nothing to be done but to leave the body in their charge as quickly as we and for us to get to Nazareth was nearly down, and could But now the sun valley to go we should have all thatangerousMr. Huber as in the dark, with only we got through it to the party. How I interminable. irnnwIt seemed , as we were wuuug i Miss work spot'-- I w 11 trust Soffifone of the , . . , horribly afraid I might see the every moment thought or project-?- S bush each behind Clx of clme-to- , rom or hear the clatter of horses we was-goin- o - vemin T; La-lele- -- -- ; - , ; proKr i i loVinrl iw T' thniiorht nflrurnrda thnt, ft mfirp Appropriate tjuotation for me Would liave beeir, 4 What time I am afraid, I will trust in Thee;M Aid through it all, we had the weight upon our learts of what we had left behind; us and what Was before us. We had one serious fright just after sun down, but that was owing to my ignorance of the customs of the country. Traveling hero after dark, if you see a party coming towards you on the road, you cry out "Shou is sole?" ( Who goes th ere?), and the others, if friendly, answer "Sahib" (Friend). There was a party t natives running towards us, who shouted, to us, but I was riding in front and did not understand them, and the noise of my horse's feet prevented Mr. Huber hearing them: Suddenly one of the men rushed forward and took up a large stone to throw at Mr. Huber. followed, but Explanations as I cound not understand the words and only saw the gestures, I was kept msus- jHjnse a to their intentions till l saw them preparing to move on. We were brought safely through. I ask all of you to join in special praises to our Heavenly Father for this great mercy. I do think he must have given special I strength and understanding to our horses, for never saw creatures go as tliey did up that valley. It is full of those rough stones and boulders, and even in daylight it is wonderful how the horses pick their way, but that night they went on, and on, at a sort of fast shambling walk, and not one of them, I think, made a false step, and this at the end of such a journey. We reached Mr. Huber'a at last. Tvlrs. Huber Was in bed of this country, so Mr. with the low, ague-feve- r had just Huler did not tell her anything. We onn man s on the table. a cup of tea that was s addressed then and ettw with even-body'ourselves to t terrible ordeal of conveying the and mother. nwMncwa to the poor fatheralone. Of course, to to asked We speak Seraphim were at one e fears his his us without son, seeing Mr. Huber few ft in words, aroused. When, seemman sad the the story; poor hud told lib" ed utterly crushed, but at least all through he a Christian; not so Ms haspceived the blow as his wife, nonimally a who, though jKorwifer. A mill "Yiiatmriin(i nmr. i 'l.rijfi.m lioa .ill stitlous. She came in with wild eyes and seeing something was the matter, rushed at Miss T. "Wain Nasif?" (where is Nasif) and this she kept shrieking out all the time, not heeding her husband who tried to - calm her while Mr. Huber gave "6me u'elalls'of the tory.Tiien she-tor- e off herrlothesy beat with all her force : ; - . jouring out volleys of imprecations on us and on not all the world; all her words of course and names our that heard all I but understand, of ''All, ali," and could be in no doubt as to how they were leiug used. Then she and her daugh-as ter Julia rushed out to the door, and as soon the sound of wailing was heard, troops of women flocked in and joined in the screams: The wreicned moUier continued to rusn uacKwarus and forwards, teating her hair; ' rubbing her hands in some dirty water tUa.t had been nplt on the floor, and then all over her face. IIow my "weep-iix- f thoughts flashed back to that companyto, be all who had f4put nnd wailini. Breatlv,, word could the forth" Uifore the Master speak which gave life to the dead. The poof father, went to the mon around the door to" tell them" what had hap:ened, and send otr a company to bring home the body of his son. Then he the crowds of women congregated in the rooms to leave them with their grief but no, indeed--i- t is one of the women s rights of this to country gather wherever sorrow Is, like Wf1 arounda festering sore. They squatround the alo rooms for days and nights together and talk over all the horrible things they have ever seen or beards and fabricate the wildest and vilest lies. When we found that we could do no possible not begood by remaining longer, we left; but fore the mother in her frenzy had sprung upon Miss T. (while I was in another room) and thrntvn her t the CTOUnd. ' horses and At Mr. Huber's we mountedhillour tiie ttf orphanthe climbed slowly and idly sad tale to whole the age, there to have again more that repeat to Mrs. Gilbert and yet once Nasifs been had who night to Esaad Daoud, came to the hear up greatest friend, and .who we that got no truth from us. I need hot say we heard next morning sleep that n ight, and thebo alan was H. It at that the funeral was to would we most impossible eflbrt;but we thought to It. pay this mark of respect,to andTwent take the hd off the It is the custom hero coffin before it is lowered into the grave, and I known this beforehand, I am not sure I-d- id , Km-ljlor- ei . had 