WOMAN'S EXPO 86 - e g, co-work- ers VISITINo Touit. ..M8'"E.'S.-Taylor-welknown here as one or the leading women in Israel, left this 5th, to visit her friends in the East,city and melt H. George Taylor returning lfJtSS: She traveled to Chicago in company with some acquaintances, of the th Western RiSSJV went to near Milwaukee, stay in bh ,wui,uuui aname people. WiWs JLeavinc the :- ,S -' r JR. S., "Y. A. onJner route, admiring ZZ7 and wonderfurbea strands invariably do. She stopped i'Roesterltere she was warmly welcomed by numerous Sfla?d T?end9,' There h visil all ethe note, reports it the most beautiful for cleanliness, city shrubbery, flowers and also of ci he visited T from home. Most of her time ISSUES1? at 001111 try 8eat on Lake Ona very romantic spot,and while tario, S7? for her especial Knrbfi gatherings parties outdoors and in,boat r bVnon light pleasure parties of almost all A one of fheseptherings there were 0008,1185 and thu? .wK One or two of the Rochester rather lengthy notices, spoke hggg of irave hpr hrft asrSf intelligent -- educated lady, synopsis of her views upoi feroily aflairs. Kefered tEher husband a? a ner S 1. iff SUtelns. A?te mul Wf,the pn York A. itm; e Inmates who are able to narticinaS The Conference of the Association of Fountain Green was heldPrimary in the schoolhouse, October 4, 1880. There was a good attendance ol the Association, and of the parents Bishop R L. Johnson and his Counselors, Martin Lund and Reuben Carter, were also present. Meeting was called to order by Sister Harriet Huggins, President of the Association. Sang, "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." Prayer by William Adams, Jun., aged six years. Children sang. Minutes of the first and last meeting were then read and Ihe programme was then presented toaccepted the audience, which consisted of select readings, recitations, essays, repeating the articles of faith d ich vther eiercises'' after ISishop to the children spoke a Bro. Martin Lund also addressed the audience, great pleasure. Bro. Reuben Carterexpressing ' followed m a similar strain. TBe financial report for the vcar read: Received from thq members, Disbursements for the two quilts pieced yean bv the children and donated to the pie, valued at $14; also 84 in cash toMantiW the Temple; for cards and stationery, $1,60 Prof its on home industries, $8,32 then d Imoth'K-Ff68611ich pleased them STr SlT 5 JIarriet Huggins, Pres't ' ' Annie Anderson, SecV. -- tLiZA Callard, Ass't Lucinda J. Clemons. Pima, Pima Co., Arizona. The sisters of this place were organized into a Relief Society on the first day of July, 1880, by our President, J. K. Rogers, with Sister Mary L. Ransom, President, Sisters Josephine Rogers and Caroline Teeples, Counselors. We have thirtyrfour members enrolled, and are doing very well for the short time we have been organized; we hope to be able to send in a favorable report as soon as we have had time to see what we can do. We ever pray for the welfare of all our sisters and for the prosperity of all their righteous undertakings. Maky-LRansom, Pres't, Harriet B. Teeples, Sec'y, The Relief Societies of Weber County held their Quarterly Conference in the Ogden Tabernacle on Thursday, September 16. 1880. There was a good attendance from the county, as well as the city. The meeting was conducted by Pres. J. S. Richards. After the usual . rel&Wl. The, remainder of the by .very interesting discourse. . Fountain Green. lXzly. yg d TEt: Wi V5 al-wa- . to-nig- England. ized on the 14th , of March, 1880, by Elders John W. Young: and' Lorenzo II. Hatch, with the following named officers: Matilda P Kil lian, President; May Hettabell Brady and" Elizabeth J. Pulsipher, Counselors; Lucinda J. Clemons, Secretary, add Charlotte Monk ' Treasurer. We are getting along very well; our President is an energetic woman, and one that is qualified for the position she holds, and is prompting tfie sisters to be up and alive to their duties. We meet often and are united-holspeaking meetings every fast day. We read the Exponent and pray for its success. May the Lord bless the Relief Societies throughout Israel. Your sister in the Gospel, d, 1 Pf NT. small quaint country towns nestled down among the hills. Sirs, Taylor was visiting the country after twenty-on- e years absences . Many scenes were incidents and brought back to recollection 7 that she had nearly forgotten; which were pleasant to revert to. She pursued this route to Newark, New Jersey, where she spent about four weeks among relatives meantime makto New York and the visits ing frequent visited Central Park,Green-woocountry, surrounding and Coney Island; spent one lovely Sabbath ilay there, when there were twenty-on- e thousand bathing in the sea; Gilmore's Band playing at Manhattan, and another at Brighton Beach. It seemed as if the Sabbath was entirely ignored by these pleasure seekers. She went up the Hudson River to Haverstraw, the place where she was married, many years ago. Mrs. Taylor tells us she wanted very much to bring the Hudson River and Lake Ontario home with her. ; At Newark she visited the Insane Asylum of Essex County, which contained twohundred and seventy inmates; they also have belonging to that County eighty insane persons in the State Asylum Mrs. Taylor had every opportunity to speak of our people socially and politically, as well as religiously. She was at all times courteously treated by those she met, and many inquiries made of her concerning her people and the country generally. While fifteen miles out of New York a telegram came that the Steamer Nevada would reach harbor the next morning; as she crossed the Hoboken ferry she saw the steamer sailing up the bay. She had been separated from her husband nearly two years it is needless to describe the joyful meeting. Mr. and Mrs.ATaylor remained in the vicinity of New York about ten days longer, visiting friends and notable places. They traveled westward by the Alleghany route, the scenery at that season being most charming, the heavy foliage exquisitely tinted, and the weather lovely. At Chicago they met Miss Ida Cook returning hcmie, and as there were several returning missionaries, the party was a very pleasant one. Mr. George S. Taylor met his father and mother at and other friends were waiting in Evanston, Ogden. They arrived here on the evening of October 2d, satisfied with the trip, Init glad to be at home once more. to liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Women are not complaining about natural laws. 80 far as I know no woman who want the ballot wishes to be a man; and, even should they wish Senator from Polk to lie men in our stead,-thneedn't be afraid of the consequences, for there is a higher law than man can make, or woman can break, that settles that question. The Senator isn't very and it is just possibly that he may not get the votes of women to return Jiim tO iOffice; .but I have no fear on that score. I shall vote for the resolution.' Senator Haines; ?Mr. Piesident, the Earl of Airlie, from the kingdom of Great Britain, is making Oregon a visit. Yon are aware that a vast amount of Scotch capital is being invested among us, and that many of our greatest enterprises for transportation are in the hands of. England's subjects. There is now a project in progress for cutting a canal through the Isthmus of Panama, and it is to be backed principally by English capital. And it does seem to me that if Queen Victoria can manage, with unparalleled success, the, greatest financial schemes of the world, and preside with becoming wisdom and proper dignity over the kingdom that controls a Gladstone, or a Beacons field, the women of Oregon ought to be allowed to vote. Sir, the day is not far distant when a woman probably the will occupy lady who has addressed us ht your seat.as President of this Senate Chamler. And why not? May not a woman of Oregon occupy a chair like that, if Queen Victoria can occupy a throne? We shall be sparedthe disgraceful scenes that mar th good name of the Federal Congress when women take their proper place as with men in laws. I shall vote for the resolution." making good-lookin- NE SecV. CoNcno, Apaqhe Co., Arjzona. The Relief Society of this place was organ- - He was followed by Sister Higbee. The afternoon was occupied by the several presidents, who gave a verbal report of their respective societies, and bore a true and faithful testimony to the work of God. " The sisters all feel well in their religion. The meeting was adjourned until December 9, 1880. Jane S. Richards, Pres't. H. M. W. Poulter, Sec'y. Y. L. M. I. A. Quarterly Conference of Weber Stake of Zion was held in the Ogden Tabernacle, Sept. 17, 1880, commencing at ten a. m.; Mrs. Sarah Herrick presiding. Opened WltJ si?ging and prayer. The reports, were read, with good showing from the several asso- ciations. Bishop McQuarrie then addressed hg ladies' exhorting them to lay aside the follies of the world and cling closer, to their religion and their God; to improve m all the principles pertaining to the Gospel, hot only spiritually, but temporally. He spoke encouragingly of many things for the good of the young, and was listened to with great interest the v'jj" by Mrs. M. congregation. He was followed by J, Tanner, of Provo, who bore a faith-iu- l of God; 'she was testimony to pleased to see so many ybun ladies engaged in the work of mutual improvement; knew that they would one and all be blest in striving to the-wor- " of our beavenly Father, who good gifts from his children if they ? aws f ft withholds no , will earnestly seek to do his will and keep Ms mmandments. Bishop JHammond of Hunts-- , ville spoke in a very kindly and encouraging manner to the young sisters, he was followed by Brother Wm. Wright, The afternoon meet . j V-Y- 