.17 t B. S. REPORTS. Tb Belief 8ocletyof Holden was reorganized buary 34 1880 with Bister Maria Ashby Pres-- 1 ident Emma J. Btnbett.and Mary A. Tanner, Coui;8?Jprs; Olive; Stevens Recording, and Paulino Larson, Corresponding Secretaries purBillir Nlion, Treasurer. Our society, is in a yery tbrirlng condition. We have 5 1 members enroled' and we are progref siqg favorably. Oar testimony meeting are held monthly and worklDg meetings' they are generally well attended. On the 15th of March we celebrated the tenth anniversary bt the first organization of our society, wheri the retiring officers were each presented with a handsome. portrait of our beloved President John Taylor. We have a new meet-lhhouje nearly completed, which will be a great credit to our society when finished. A general good feeling prevails and a desire is manifested to afd the cauge of truth. Ever Praying For Tht; Welfare Of Zion. semi-monthl- ?' f r "" w p" ' a - 'm and we could say weir done thou good and faithful servant; She --feltthaokraMor these organizations.', Xet qs .he united. There is more needoUt now than ever Spoke of , doing the : work;fori our dead; said.we should nQt peglect this, gret duty. We could, weep for sinners, but: not for those who live in the. Jigh Let us must-nolive and work while we can. We feed on chaff instead of wheatwhen we can have the spirit 6f Cfod dweling with in us. We are better wives and "mothers and shed sunshine around .alL we come in contact with, but without it wo can do nothing. Said we must make a success of silk culture: we want to supply the various trades with . sewing silk there is money Ja it Said we when study refinement and the principles r of life, and what wo should be, we should learn, the principles of health In every thing. Bald we sheuld be very careful in speaking fore children, as teyjvili nolUce and remember everything, whether It .be evil! cir good; never speak evil of any one before them. Do hot tarnish their young minds. try to do our 'iltoty :everydjtc' JW'' jptusChe : have privilege "o companions or husbands ar with us of i?ot; we can ask God to blesses and otar children. See to it, mothers', thfat rthe 'home Ihap-penough to make the boys asiweil as (begiili happy, and love to stay there. She blessed all in the name of, the Lord. President Peery sajd; .SisterjSnow is now 76, years of age arid if she could come all the way from Salt Lake City to attend our conference, that ' we snirely could attend1 who live ' here. If what the L6rd has said ia hot' 'truewe7 have lived in vain. ' The happiest- part 7of - our life is when the spirit bf God is 'with us. It is much - better to talk of the f principles of our religion than to gossip. Men are better who consult with their wives. The women are betteT and purer than the : men. The speaker had heard: the name of Sister .Snow all over tha States long before r he come to Utah, and saW her namp will be - spoken by thousands yet unborn; who will y ' j 1 . 1 strength-un-necessari- ly - - . - -- '. WEBER STAKE. Th Quarterly Conference, 1 of Ladles Ke j an d . ; ' -- : -- associations we may, Improve. , The institutions of the world will not elevate us as;the requirements of the Gospel stoop, not rise, to conquer, and qught tq be more united than we are, iilqalorj' rhas heen made to what we have done, but this Is net e nough ; we wdnt as many, as can to take a share arid show an interest in the silk culture, the, brethren as well as the sisters, if they will. An association Is already organized and Incorporated, with Bro. Wm. Jennings as its president. . will-rWOii- must ! . The resignation 6f West been having accepted," Sifter Elizabeth Y. Stanford was elected corresponding secre- ci: . ' instead-Klstef-Jdsptilri- 5 : tary 1 " " e' 9 Bister Snow presented the' nomination of Sister Harriet M. W. 'PouUer6 ror iecrtary : . shplwed that 5,94a cftapters.".Haq been read In CJhurch made by Sisters SarahHerrrck, iSrhHy S. liicnarqsana zina v; oang,ana then Presold feht John Taylor addressed htfie eorijrrega-'tlpHe was pleased With1 thfe labors ofthe sisters In their efforts to Instruct the young. Her spoke on educationy tnariy of the' Ideas of the people of the1 world1' were erruneoas 'regarding education, and; many of them were correct; Some who1 in. stitntions 6f learning cohsidered their education' finished, but as longs life Usted, : man and woman bad Something to learn, for their educationf must be far above a that of the present day before, they were prepared to associate with Intelligences lof the; other world. It was otthe greatest necesity that boys and girls hhpqld leafn (q express themselves in language intelligently, properly, and understanding! y, and at the same, time they Should be taught' the imrfertarice of the posltfott they hold.to theli pirehts and Ihelr fello tioodriess ' 'courtesy 'arid obedience went far to --Wow ' what child-re- n were1 The Saints' shbrildot copy Hhe "example of the world iriselfisbriess, t!hy i should' respect every ah" in hls; place5 In -- honor1 preferring 5onel aether,1 whilerthn3 doing they wouldjmake themselves 'happy, and. shed tranquility 'joy to- all iwith Whom they associate. , Io; their' homes; the young ehould rnake themselves agreaJW&.to everybody and .especlayx to their .parents. By thus doing,,they would vbftye.ibelpcrs behind the veil to" plead for ;fhem uwbn thelr parents had died and they were. Jeft Svdrld struggliri with ih hib&sof ' r ? s, the ,r)enortsi'were gopd an n. 2 p. m. usual singing and prayer Presi- After the dent Eliza Ri 6nbw said: I' am not abroad because I; particularly desire i eome of !ns are more at home, others less than we should bei It Is sometimes diifcult to tell when we are doing : the most good; we should seek, wisdom and learn to kn6w our Father in Iloaven land ;to keep open the channel of communication between tis and mm, for there is such connection between our spiritual and temporal natures, that refreshing influence uporfone affects the other. The wisdom of God has; placed: as in these , Institutions, that by finding. intercourse and : wksjduringeljqujrten pleajsnrajj pn : L io-mark- wiihpride u tea. the, great, work the women have done; and they will bo blessed. llet Boclety, held in Ogden City, in the Tab- ernacle, March 18th, 1880. There2 were present, Apostle Richards, President Peery, and Counselor3,Bishops of Ogden and some from the settlements. Bister E. R. Snow, Zlna D. Young, and j, S. KlchafrJs and Counselors Slaters Herrick and Bro wnfand many others,both here and from the different parts of the county. After T(he usual 'opening exercises, the minutes of the previous meeting Were'read and Accepted. Sister Brown then read the reports of the sevorai Wards, after which Sister. Richards made a few opening it Was glad to be able to meet with had us, proved how good It was to be able to attend, after being kept away. Felt thankful; to see Sister Snow and Slater Young. Sister Snow had a severe cold, but through faith in God, was able to attend today. Sister Richards said she missed Sister Frodsham; this belpg the first Conference since her death. Sister Frodsham in her last moments, blessed the sisters for their help and kindness.to her during her Illness; she showed a truly greatful spirit, and felt that she was going; to her rest In peace, arid being overcome,5 she could say no more; and hoping that: God would bless 'us with His Spirit, she gave way. BUtar Young was pleased to be able to mtetwUh her sitter Asked an interest in their prayars. Felt that we were blessed above all other women j she spoke of Sister Frodsham, and said she had gone home, ook ba ck pi : -- Gar-lsnd.- 'V , i y . m : : The Y. L. M,.I. A., of East Mill Creek was organized, March .1879. The following are the officers now acting. MissB. A. Skldtnora Pres Hits E. V. Baock and Miss B. M.Moiea, Coun: selors Mies H. 8 Stiilman Sec'y. Miss D. ' 'NeflT, Asst ' Sec'j, arid Miss h. Osguthbrpe, feaeurer; Mrs. A. E. Nell Bupt. Mrs. FM. Nelf Editor, and Mm. M. M. Fihtr A sst We bold our meetings once in two weeks; our exercises constst or select reading, recita- -; tlons,' tOngs, dialogues', and lectures. We edit a monthly Daper entitled 'The Ladies' tfrie members ia all number 50. The1 average aitenaance js zv or aa. Financial report. Received from parties $20,65, from BlsUr Amv Smith 10 cts. Total $20 75! Dlh m W . . .. a1 . ; Pauline Laeson; Olive 6tevjens;' of Weber Stake Relief Society, and she was " urmnimoufllyotedini--rv i rt , , a.) tticnarasHreminqed the . societies prjesent'orpres BrJgfraniYoqng's last.Vequeit f the sixers that jbfi y, persevere and raise mulberry trees arid make the siik; otirw clothing pugh't' to be beUerVthaa. fte shoddy outfit of the world as our gospel faith Js "better than1 their religious dogriias. J We want lo unite our faith' afad; our efforts "'so thai our spirits will flow together like drops of water that cannot be separated. God has provided proper tribunals' in the "Charch for the adjustments of all our misunderstandings, whether of a buMlness or a doctrinal character, whether'1 Tof things tetnporal or principles spiritual, that can affect the welfare of any one in the Church. TheiRelief Societies are organized in i such' perfect harmony; with the order of the Church and of the priesthood that there is for any discord .between the . no. occasion officers or members of pnes nd, any officer . or member of the bther7neither in a Stake . of ward, capacity. The prCsideritsAnd bish- ops wlththe aid of the societies are enabled to carry any' measures " sary to further the Interest of the Church, into ever family and hous6h6ld ' of the Saints so that not only the destitute'; bttthe sick are found out 'and" tmllf tiecesltles administered unto. Most of tbe Presidents and BishopsaTeeanredto properly appreciate those aids and helps, to them in their government, while the few who have not,are afflicting themselves with unfounded apprehensions, spending their and are behind tbe times Itt the J u z spirit of their Work Counselor L. J. Herrick and Bishop JV A. Hammond endoruod the sentiments of i the speakers alluding especially to the remarks of Sisters Sdow and Young, i, Friday morning was devoted to tbe Con- -. ference of X I. M. L A., beginin fwlth ; the usual exercisea an the reading of min. A t g f " bo-for- e. l t " : bad-Attende- d 1 - -- tls 