WOMAN'S EXPONENT. to which woman is adapted" and in ion he afterwards added conversat- the saying of Pres. Jackson "that a plain system of government, void of pomp, protecting ail and granting favors to none, dispensing its blessings, like the dews of heaven unseen and unfelt, save in the beauty they contribute to produce," is vital to the rights of the people. The. suggestion of Hon. Moses Thatcher was then unanimously and freshness ' adopted. . said: 'Inasmuch as the honorable representation, I desire, in their behalf, to express their complete satisfaction with the nomination made by the Convention." Remarks were made in reference to calling conventions, etc., and a Committee of seven were appointed by the Chair to notify Mr. Cannon of the action or" the Convention. The Convention adjourned sine die. IN ME MORIAM. Barnes Pratt was born in Warwick, Franklin Co. Mass.,10th,of November 1802;. she was the 5th, daughter of Willard and Polly Stevens Barnes. She says in her journal "My grandfather Abraham Barnes, was a man for his piety and wisdom, being hard of hearing he was asked if he did not regret his deafness? O! no, he replied it is a less affliction than the nonsense which forever assails the ear. My grandmother Polly Stevens was'Teputed amiable and affectionate very fond of children and especially so to those of her own kindred." Both her grandparents were Unitarians and lived Her father and to the best light they had. mother were members of the Unitarian Church till their removal to Lower Canada (or Canada JZast) in 1810 where they Joined the Episcopal) or Church of England, in which she was con- Bister Louisa dis-tingnsh- moved-t- ed r y' j anu ner youtni 1111 aiier sne .waamarneu New York when she joined the Pres- byterians. She was married to Addison Pratt of Win-cherte- r, New Hamshire, April 3d 1831, by whom had four daughters, all still living. She she lived to see the fourth generarion; she had sevent- een living grandchildren and six have died, has one living, which was present and formed a part of her enjoyment on her 77th, great-grandchi- numberless correspondents, and was in the habit of writing verses for every bxly around her on every occasion. She was the life of every circle where she was met; and had ever a consoling word for the afflicted: Her faith in the Gospel was unshaken, her trust in God unbounded-Sh- e was first counselor to Mother Nyraan in the first organization of Relief Society in Beaver, and Secretary of themietilM,er departure for Canada. On the evening of Saturday Sept. 4th, 1880, she was taken with sopething like congestive chill which settled on her lungs in tho form of pneumonia; two only of her daughters were where they could be hear her, in her last illness they did everything weich love and faith could suggest; but all to no avail. Tho pain in her lungs forbade her any rest for three days; she plead earnestly for something to give her rest, cold water cold water, was all the nourishment she craved. On the morning of the 8th, Sept. at a quarter to nine after being administered to by the Elders she sweetly fell asleep in Jesus. -- sod-cav- es -- In May she left Winter Quarters with her family in Prest. Brigham Young's company for Salt Lake arrived there in Sept. Two weeks after her arrival Mr. Pratt came in, having come the western route from the Islands, by way of Cal., with the battalion boys, stayed with his family one year,in the fall of '49 went with Capt Hunt the Southern route acompanied by two other Elders for the Islands. The family following m the Spring. May 8th, 1850 Sister Pratt with her four ndau gh ters, Bro. J. Crosby and family and several other Elders started with ox teams for Sacramento across the Rocky Mountains on their way to join Bro. Pratt in the Islands, On the 15 Sept. 1850 from San Francisco embarked on board the brig Jane A. Her-seCapt. Salmon for the Island of Tubuah landed there Oct. 21st. and found the husband and the father detained a prisoner on Tahiti, as the French Governor 'did not want any but the Catholic religion promulgated under the Protectorate, the family wrere full of sorrow when they found he was not there, but they went to work with a will to learn the language and by the time he arrived on Tubuai,which was Jan. 19th, 1851, they Were able to answer every "question he could ask them in Tahitian. Sister Pratt never allowed the girls to give up their studies; every morning tney repaired to the "fare bure rea" as the natives called for meeting house pursued their English studies in the forenoon and studied 1848 Sweet Ixj her sleep, while her loss we deplore, Thoughts of her virtues increase more and more; T'will be long e'er the sting of her alKucc is o'er. God grant we ma' meet her on Heaven's bright shore, Where sorrow and parting shall grieve no more. E. S. P. C. y, 11-- ld She was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, in the waters of Lake Erie town of Ripley Chataque Co., New York in the month of June, 1838, by her brother Elder Jonathan Crosby Nov. 35, 1838, they left Ripley New York, for Far West,Caldwell Co. Mo. For the first five hundred miles mud was not seen upon the wagon wheels, the weather was so intensely cold,' then came a January thaw which rendered the roads almost impassable. On arriving in Indiana they heard of the expulsion of the Saints from Far West, and the Saints who were on their way were counseled to remaiu where they were til further orders; so. they bought a farm in Clay county and tarried there till the year 1841, when they removed to Nauvoo arriving there" at the October Conference of that year. Houses were few and hard to be obtained but it mattered not to her she was in the city of the Saints and in sight of the Temp'e. June 1st, 1813 her husband with three other Elders Brother Noah Rogers, B. F GroUard and Knowlton Hanks, were called to go on a three yean mission to the South Sea Islands, the first Elders of our Church: sent to preach in a foreign language; he was aWat from his family; five years and four months, meetnig them m Salt Eake in Sept, 1848. When news came that they must leave Nauvoo her heart failed Her; she thought she could not undertake the journey anniversary. y in-la- w . , : s . to knit and sew or any thing they wish ed. Sfs ter Pratt was much beloved by the native sisters who had great faith in""her anointing with con secrated oil their children and themselves when ev r they were sick. The French government laid so many restrictions in them they could not tarry their 1852 they left appointed time on the 6th, April Tubuai and went to Tahiti where the brethren could get work to obtain money to come home with. The 14th of May embarked on board the in company with barque Callao, Capt. Sergeant, Brother Grouml and fam ly for San Fraacisco. Sister Pratt and family arrived on the 15th of native shore July 1852, glad to set foot on her once more; staid there till Dec, following embarked on the brig Fremont, Capt. Erskine for San Pedro on their way to San Bernardino. At ih beach met Brother Wm. Fotheringham to different and numerous other Elders destined ivrnveu parts of the globe to preach the uospei. found many in. San Bcr. on Christmas day kind friends to welcome tiiem back among them Dec. 1857, she with her youngest daughter; Car. the rest being married, left San Bernardino,to branch Join with the rest of the Saints in thatmountain. Her the Church in the valleys of the to to Upper. husband leaving at the same time go child was living. California where their eecond arrived After many troubles'and trials severe,she shaid through ia Cedar city, Iron county Utah: m the fall of I808 the summer in that place; she resided till removed to Beaver, Utah, where 1871 she made a the day of her death. In May of her childto Canada East to the home hood to see her brothers and sisters who were a-i- d ; livinc at that time. Sister Pratt's ircu to the 1; : i ".h .ho tenderer ,wu friend?, rriuki tret ,!, ... v nnimnmrfid , ,1 . had al most I s THE DKrrstON OF TILE SUPREME CXJURT IN THE MANDAMUS CASE. In the matter of the petition and affidavit of George R. Maxwell for wrk of mandamus, diand Regisrected to llobertT.Rurtoti,-Assessoter of Salt Lake County, Territory of Utah. SlTPKEME CoiJJfT OF THE Tekkitouy: Sutherland 1 of Utah, j McBride lor Relator. Zern Snow. now 1 1 -- o without her husband and with four children all girls, but she rallied her drooping courage procured an ox team engaged a driver, and in May 1840, crossed the Mississippi and followed on with the rest. Camped at Winter Quarters the following Winter where she with her family experienced much sickness,privation and hardships but no death. The summer, of '47 they span t in that place most of the time in arid dug outs. 1 Mrs. Zma D. Young ladies of Utah have an days or 07 & ,s,..rpbbaM v Richards """"" Bennett & A. Williams Nark ncss, -'.- m 1 r-"-- - T . or Respondent. A petition was presented to this Court at its preseut session by tiie relatwr for a writ of mandamus, to compel Kobert T. Rurton, Assessor and Register of voters for Salt Lake County, Utah Territory, to erase aud strike from tho list of voters of, Salt Lake County, made by him the name of the following persons, viz.: Emeline B. Wells, Mai ia M. BIytlie and Mrs. A. G. Paddock, and also the names of all women whose names thereon appear on the aforesaid court list, or that he show cause before this not has he of. on the 29th day September, why said the meantime the in done so. Also that officer be ordered not to return suiiil lit or any officer until the furcopy thereof to any election ther order of this court. at tho time An alternative writ was ordered e cau-came the and up for of filing the petition alternathe in mentioned on the day hearing tive writ, to wit: Bopt. 29, 18S0. The respondent on the day fixed for the. aheardeing appeared by counsel who in ferposed murrer to the petition and writ, assigning as therefor, grounds . , ?iirit(llPTinn Of III B uus wm .na nn jui.....v-...1, rnat it,!,. subject of this action. state 2. Neither the petition nor writ herein of action, facts sufficient to constitute a cause two questions for the determination. . . thus racing fnTaTbSn heretofore held by the Supreme of Shepperd Court of this Territory, in the case court has no this that v8 the 2nd District Court, to original jurisdiction to issue mandamus except enable it to exercise its appellate cites sections 1,907, And the Court in that cae Stotutos of. the Revised 1 860 and 1,830 oCthe actcnU-Ue- d iTnitP.1 Stati and the M section of an Act m delation to Courts and judicia i" Ibe Territory of .Utah, (Poland law) officers . which are as follows: 1 907. - "The judicial iower InUtahflball pp Jion. .r,lzx" v be vested m I' ProbatpC'ourt andI tne jusuee. in me i" vvc . x ; ' i' .' 