W PEN 'SKETCH OF' AN ILLUSTRIOUS WOMAN. ELIZA R. SNOW SMITH. Continued.) i ' In our last we referred to the suffering and sickness upon the way in the journey to the scenes Sister Eliza was valley, Amid these -like a ministering angel, carrying with her to the bedside of the afflicted that peaceful spirit which ever soothes and consoles, and the living faith which encourages and renews spiritual strength, lifting one above pain and sorrow into an atmosphere of divine love and hope. It seemed a part of her mission to build up and inspire faith in those who were cast down; thus did she minister to many, ever, patient, hopeful and full of integrity, cheerful under the most adveree circumstances and brave in the hour ' Her words of comfort and sublime of danger. whose hearts prayers are remembered by many, for her overflow with gratitude spiritual help of hour in the adversity. Towards the latter part of the journey the Saints who were traveling westward began to hear of the pioneers, and the discovery of the Salt Lake Valley. On the 4th, of August several of the Mormon Battalion returning to Winter Quarters met the pilgrim companies, and joyful indeed was the surprise and greeting, for they were husbands, brothers and sons of No pen women, who were in those companies. can describe the scene; in the heart of a great uncultivated wild and, barren plain, the meeting of loved ones, who had been so long separated.. Next came an express from the valley, t the main body of the pioneers returning from their memorable pilgrimage. At the Sweet Water river a feast was made in honor of the meeting by Apostle John Taylor . otJkft . Church) which has always been spoken of as "the royal feast;" it im a time of general rejoicing, thanksgiving and praise. The next day the pioneers met Capt. J. M. Grant's company in which Sister Eliza was traveling, and on this suggestive occasion she addressed to President Young and camp a. poem, which we publish in full. Indeed her pen was like that of a ready writer, and her thoughts flowed in poetical rhythm. The Platte written between the wa song and soon after sfcsRi ' and Green Rivers. "Flail! ye mighty men of Isreal, Who the hiding place have found: The Eternal God has bles! yon You hare stood on holy ground. Chojrus. Praisa the Lord! we're glad to meet you! Welcome, welcome on your waylay O ye3, with songs we greet you, Pioneers of Latter-day- . return to Winter Quarters-- Go in peace and safety too; There the purest hearts aie beating, Warm with hopes of seeing you. in the month of October. President Young had arranged that Sister Eliza should take up her abode with Mrs. Clara D, Young who had accompanied him in his therefore on her arrival she f)ioneer journey, family of Brother Pierce and has ever resided since under Pres. Young's roof. The first winter in the valley 1847 and 48, was delightful, mild and pleasant; the people were their houses. ship. t.r nrnr.nrpt t.hp. n(ro and htiild ; j plow, sow and prepare for spring wheat, go to -- . LUC UrtllUU WUUU, ilUU J.UI 111 itll, the labors necessary. Everything was done excircumstances favored perimentally, but them; and health prevailed. The houses were built of logs and were enclosed in form of a fort, with all the doors and windows looking into the yard;- they were covered with willows for it and earth, and were nearly seemed to be the impression there wouid be little or no rain. In one of these rustic homes Sister Eliza passed her first year in the valley; the climate seemed to agree with her, her health was very much improved and her hands as well a Mr was busy afso, and many were the effusions written at that time; the, sisters looked up to her for comfort and sympathy, with the greatest reverence knowing that she had been for years associated with the Prophet Joseph. Shortly after the Saints numbering six hundred, arrived in the valley, a tall liberty been pole was erected, and the flag which had preserved with the greatest care was flung to the mountain breeze. Sister Eliza says she gazed upon it proudly, "and from its summit the stars and stripes seemed to float with even more significance, if possible, than they were wont to do on Eastern? breezes." A feeling of from independence and true spirit of libertv bondage and oppression, pervaded her bosom, she had passed through so much persecution, that now, although an exile from the home of her forefathers, the "boasted land of libertv, she this mountain gloried in the freedom which seemed to offer the exiled Saints, and she in verse. gave expression to her enthusiasm - flat-roofe- d, . "When 01 A PLEASANT VISIT TO SPANISH FORK. On , Saturday morning, Oct. 28, in company with two sisters, I left tWeity for the purpose of visiting, by invitation, the Primary Mutual Improvement Associations of Spanish Fork at their annual meeting. The day was clear and bright and all nature seemed smiling as we stepped on board their U.JL Train, Jsopn we were steaming through fields and over streams, stopping at the different settlements, where we saw many familiar faces. On our arrival at Provo we were met by the President, Sister Zina Y. Williams, and counselors, Sisters Nancy Smoot and Mary Johns, of the P. M. I. A. of Utah Stake. Sister Williams had another engagement, but her counselors accompanied us on our journey. Upon our arrival at Spanish Fork we were met by Bishop Snell and the President of the P. M. I. A., Sister McLean. We were invited to the residence of the President,where we partook of a sumptuous dinner, in company with a goodly number of the brethren and sisters of that flourishing town. After dinner Sister Cornaby read a beautiful poem, composed by her in honor of our visit, after which we proceeded to the meeting house, where we found upwards of three hundred children, with their had parents awaiting our arrival The house work with by; the been nicely decorated fancy children or the Association, for the occasion. The very best of order was observed by the children during the exercises. It seemed almost incredible that so many, and such young children could be so quiet and attentive. The exercises were well rendered, and spoke well for the president and her counselors. The answers to questions were promptly and correctly given by all. Particular mention should be made of the singing by the small children, wlii ok w a o mnst. Aninvahlft feature of the en- At the close of the exercises the tcrtainme : a few wo'rlof ericolfragemtnt visitor? spoke to the children, urging tnein to attenu regularly their meetings, ever hearken to the counsel of their president, and always observe the same good order and attention as at that meeting. Prizes were then distributed to the children according to their attendance, which seemed to give universal satisfaction; the same good order prevailed during the awarding of the prizes. After the close of the meeting we returned to Sister McLean's where refreshments were served and the evening was spent in social conversation, singing and listening to more gems from the gifted pen of Spanish Fork's Poetess. Thus began a week of intellectual feasting. table groaned Every house seemed open. Every Utah's prolific soil. under the bounties of welcome and Every sister's arms were open to make our stay pleasant. When the time frr our return arrived, regrets were expressed by all that we must separate, and all wafted a "God bless you" after us as the train bore us homeward. . most times, the of one ended pleasant Thus in one of the most pleasant places, and among the most pleasant brethren and sisters, that we had ever spent, one long to be remembered. Friends and acquaintances formed never to be I pray God to forgotten; and with my siaters, the children, bless the Bishop, the President, the parents, and all who contributed to make ours "a pleasant visit to Spanish Fork L. B. valley-Sp- eed your way make haste and come, That ere long with joy and gladness, We may bid yon wbloomb homb." Chobus. night when tne' ploneera' yfere; pv'Gr horses were stolen by the Indians. Bells were cut and also lariats, and an arrow was picked up; these were considered sure indications j,of Indians. The trail was discovered and twenty - horsemen started out in pursuit of the missing animals. They returned at night with five of the horses the others were never recovered. However they divided with each other and fitted up as well as they could and proceeded onward the pioneers taking, the homeward route. The remainder of the way was tedious, insufficiency of teams, weariness and the many perplexities that are to be encountered in a long journey over an unsettled country; soniotimes no feed for the poor, tired animals and sometimes ho water, but God was with his people. He did not forget them in their hour of trial and they arrived safely in the valley early And his tall form seemed taller when he said, Child for that flag thy grandsire fought and bled.' scar he wore, My young heart felt that every Caused him to prize that tanner more and more, I caught the fire, and as in years I grew, I loved that flag; I loved my country too. Go 'with X P0NBNT. E in my childish gleo A prattling girl upon my grandsire's knee I heard him tell strange tales, with valor rife, blood and life. Howjthat same flag was bought with Chorus. On that H-rS'-- "I love that flag. , Holy, free and unpolluted, Will that land for us remain? While the sacred laws of justice . Th(5ro thi Saints of God mantain. We HA re-te- at A choice land of old appointed For the house of Israel's rest, You have found and consecrated Through your blessing twill be blest. Oiiobus. Praise the Lold &c. Cnoaus. will onward id the O fc en-- H There came a time that Iremember well Beneath the stars and stripes we could not dwell! WTe had to flee; but in our hasty flight We grasped the flag with more than mortal might; And vowed although our, foes should us bereave not leave. Of all things else, the flag we would to the West, We took Wflag and journeying breast." each on We wore its motto graven To vwGoxtixvkv. The Pleasure of Hope: When theforbody re- is bowed with pain an.intense longing sufferlief brings hope. This may brighten thelike this a time ing but it docs not cure. At as Warner . Safe how welcome is such a friend home health Kidney and Liver Cure, bringingrenewed life. and the joys of a and happiness . 