The Eights of tlio Women of Zion, ana tlie Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUAKY 8. simple jusnoE woman's uiaar. the bitterest curse.- - Of all pictures pres- d ented in the book of life, an pair d is the most wretched. But a proper union is a constant, heaven born joy. But do not think because you hare such a dear kind companion, that you oan live only with his smiles and caresses, for they are very uncertain, especially when your whole happiness depends upon them. Our Father says He is a jealous God, and wants not a divided heart, and that "Curseth is he who maketh flesh his arm." But let us be sub-jeto the principles of righteousness, wearing the ornament of a meek and lowly spirit, which, in the sight of God, is a "pearl of great price," and if there is any way, by which we can escape some of the evils of life, let us strive to learn it, and if we do not always suit each other, let us not sit down and grieve and fret over it, but go to our heavenly Father, and ask Him for his then reason with each Spirit to guide-us- , strive to make the best of every other, and thing. You will often hear the remark that it is d the most gifted, gnereous, fellows, that oftenest fall into habits of intemperance, but I think the saying can neither boast of truth nor sense. Iwilfgive yeii two illustrations; Two young couples of my acquaintance were married, having, as near a3 I can- - judge about the same amount of property. One man bought himself a nice little home, went to Salt Lake to be married, and there bought furniture to make his home comfortable, on his return gave a nice little party to his partleularfrlends iavlnf: nothing; stronger than tea to drink and mirth and pleasure beamed on every face. I have visited them since, and she welcomed me with such quiet modest grace and pride to her comfortable, happy home, that it filled my heart with joy. The other couple were married at St. George atthe residence of the bride's father. He gave a famous supper and ball to every one for miles around, and wino and strong drinks with the refreshments. The affair was jolly but not pleasent. After the expenses were pald,and the frolic over, he had just five ollars left, but he is such a generous fellow, you can go to his house with a dozen friends, and he would feel Insulted if you offered him pay for his accommodation?. Six months after - the wedding, I visited my brother, when who should his neighbor be but our generous friend? My niece and I called to see them. She met us at the door, with tears in her eyes, which she explained were caused from smoke. She invited us to sit down out doors, as the room was so filled with smoke we could not see in it, but we ascertained she had not furniture to make things comfortable; and I could not help thinking, and asking myself, how Is this, does he think more of such friends as he treated at his wedding than he does of his wife? Or is it selfishness,that he Indulges himself in, and denies his wife tho common necessities of Hfe.8he appeared to think it was all generosity ;but 1 thought was it generous to give those poor weak souls so much wine, and thereby excite their appetite for i V" and : rob h Imself and illy-mate- Is it not truly a wondrous stride That man has stepped down, from bis stately pride, To discuss for wonaa the right and wrong, When woman has suffer'd the last so long? Were her aims more selfish, less kind her soul, There would ba some limit to man's control; Bat busied with labor that lore doth bring, She bath yielded her right3 to ereaiion'i king ' Forgetful of self, amid affection's cares, She has yielded to bondage una wares Tis ktrange, while the world still grows and thrives, So little is claimed by mothers and wives. i Some rights ta woman, do men concede, Of which we ought to bo proud indeed The right to lire, to love, to mate, The right to brighten man's lonesome fate, To drain from Nature's bitterest cup, The dregs, that Mothers alene may sup: The right to maternal ear and toil The right to be easy about the epeil, To bles mankind from their earliest breath, auu cumiort loom e en ro me verge oi aeaio, In peace and war to softly tread, And smooth with kindness the sufferers bed; To stand at her post like a heroine brave, To bless, to brighten, to seothe, to save. 'Tig strange that a woman has no right To simple justice, without a fight; i:'' There are men we know, tooth honest and truer" Alas for women they are but Xewl Who plead our cause, yet they plead in vain, Woman fair woiaau! still wears a ebain. "lis a mournful fact; should she chance to care, To onward movet lot The ehaln is there. If we stand but still, nor progressive bej "We may wear these chains to Eternity; And like many a woKtan, never know, That gallantry of ten,is outside show. Man is unpinion'd, freq as air, No social drag is be doomed to wear He has physical strength, he has money and might, Should he monopolize every right Nature and custom hath made him freo, Surely he ought to generous be. a woman be less kind and true, If her honest aims were unfettered too? Is a woman spoilt? is she vain at all? Becavse the sunshine doth on her fall? Doth she kneel to man, for the sunsbeams bright? She simply enj oys them 1 it is her right. Would Not a woman In twenty perchance will caro, The rightDf suffrage with man to share: Net one in a thousand will have the face, To office hold In a publie place; But it is her right, if she has the time. And ability too, all heights to climb, And who in justice, will dare deny, That woman's efforts are true and high? Who bears the Statesman, the soldier too? And tries to make them brave and true? From many a crime would this world be freed. If their mother's teachings mankind would heed, Is it not truly to man a shame, That the mothers of men, their rights must claim? Were they grateful only? would men remain Careless while woman wears a chain? . Emily Hill Woomianske. soul-linke- ct My dear young friends, who are Just starting: out upon yeur voyage through the sea of matrimony, I wish you a long and happy one. Of all the Institutions that affect human weal or woe,none Is greater than marriage. All the happiness and blessed, ness that attends the married state depends 9 1 f j upon mo nonesiy anu wisaom oi mat union. Marriage is not al ways a blessing it may be - ' M 1 A 4 1 A wife the comfort they might have taken in a pleasant home. And she seemed so p4tient and hopeful, never deeming it a fault in him, but bearing all such things in uncomplaining silence, afraid to show him his error, lest she should wound his generous heart; when, perhaps, a little reasoning and plain talk, might have caused him to see the folly of such proceedings. I have given these illustrations to show the result of the paths pursued by those g two young it; may help and encourage the young married folks who read it, for in starting out together in life, tney need advice, eucourageme , men;-hopin- sistance. , ' - 'yy--;'- Weaver, in his "Aims and Aids for? young women," in speaking on the subject of marriage, say.- - "The mottoo of each should be, 'I will be do and bear ali I can, and ask as little as possible." These are golden words of advice. -- Gypsy Golden' NOTES AND NEWS good-hearte- good-hearte- d, ; A CHAPTER FOB YOUNG MARRIED FOLKS. No. 17. 1, 1SS0. Jan. 28, nomination of Ell H. Telegram from Washington the states Murray of Kentucky for Governor of Utah had been confirmed by the United States Senate. , 'Governor Long, of Massachusetts, of Connecticut, and Cornell, of New a f i that- - - An-dres- s, t are an repunou as naving maue xorc, mention of Woman Suffrage in J their respective messages. The Iq wa Womajr Su ffragis ts are wi n ni ng r tho support of the ''State Begiiiex and other influential papers in that State. u They J . l- ia-vora- ble have good ground to expect favorable action from their Legislature. " A meeting of the New York Woman Suffrage Society was held in January, at the headquarters of the Society, No. 103 West Forty-eight- h street. Mrs. L. D. Blake made a brief address, in which she alluded to the passage in Governor Cornell's message favorable to the election ot women to school offices. : This, the said," was a victory for the Society, and a reward for Its patient efforts during the last five years. It was also gratifying that the Hon. Thomas Ecclesine, who had so strongly opposed Woman Suffrage during his last term of office, "had been defeated, In part through tho Society's efforts In the last campaign. A resolution was passed thanking Governor Cornell for keeping the pledge he had made privately regarding the school question. J. N. H, Wilcox reported that a bill had already been drawn up at Albany authorizing women to hold oftlces in the schools. It had been placed in the handjj of General Husted, who would present it before the was deLegislature at an early day; cided to call upon Francis A Walker, who is at .the head of the Census Bureau at Washington, for information regarding what course should be pursued to make women eligible to tho riffi nf fenm.fn!rof under the service of tho Bureau. A paper discussing tho rights of women was read by Charles Peasey; another paper relating to the Injustice of the present laws governing, the , Probate Court was read by mrs.i. YiVDiowe iormeny oi uaurornia. It " , 