WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 92 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. EJIMELINE B. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, S3. 0(1; one copy six ionths: $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines-ofnonpareil space, one 00. A liberal discount to $2.50: $3. time, per month, 1." regular ad Tertisers. Lower West Room of the Council Office, Exponent Smith House, Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day. except Sunday. Address all business communications to - Published semi-monthl- y, " Publisher Woman's Ex pan but, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, NOVEMBER 15, 1880. LACK QF SPIRITUALITY. This, the enlightened nineteenth century, is not termed, inappropriately, the "age of reason." must le demonstrated positi vely, and Everything elucidated clearly by square and compass, or same equally tangible method, or the world rejects it as false. Men have grown .o exceedingly wise and learned in science that without any direct communication from heaven they are able, in their own estimation, to settle all questions that may arise, or solve auy problem, however difficult. This spirit seem- - to have impregnated the minds of the majority of the human family in all cl isses of society, and crushe I out the spirituality which existed in former tiraes and which gives to men and women a sublimity of character that lifts them into an atmosphere of .light Sfefd opening up the glories of the life beyond. The cultivation of the spiritual sense or faculties strengthens faith in God and in the efficacy of prayer; and when fully developed in its intensity opens up a channel of communication which may be termed inspiration, or revelation; bringing hidden things to fight, and piercing the darkness of the tomb. The inspired writer, Job sajs, "Who by his reasoning can find out God?" Spirituality is refining; wherever you find this faculty highly developed you also find a correspondingly high order of thought and aspirations. The desire to obtain riches and the wealth of the world crushes out, or keeps in subjection, this higher sense, this divinity, which should predominate over the grosser elements of poof human nature. It is conceded that woman's nature is more susceptible to spiritual impressions and the growth and culture of these finer faculties than that of man, that women possess a greater degree of the elements of character that tend heavenward that lead to the worship of a Supreme Being. This is absolutely proven by facts and figures such as the world require. In sorrow and trouble woman in most instances will cleave to religion,to pray-e- r believing and trusting in God's power to bear her up in the hour of trial and carry her safely through the deep waters of affliction. How is it with men? Statistical records tell us most men seek to drown their sorrow in the poisonous bowl, or rush madly into Grantto this be the case and that the rapid spread of ing materialism is to be dreaded as leading to irreverence of all that is holy, to unbelief in a Deity and all that has been for ages held sacred by the religious world, then there is good evidence that the greater spiritual progress would be gained through the higher elevation of woman, the broadening of her sphere of duties anurespon-Bibilitie- s in all the departments of life. The love that is so pure, and so itrong in woman, reveals tb exalted ton. of lmpe4.Vc.i!Ua444JU$ self-destructio- n. -- self-sacrificin- g, her true nature. The Savior must have consid ered mother love the strongest affection, for He uses it to illustrate the divine love of the Father of mankind for his children. ''Love," the Savior said, "is of God, for God is love." If anything can be done to arrest the progress of the spirit of unbelief and infidelity, which seems to have fallen like a dark cloud upon the the earth, men and women should exert their utmost influence and their aid to accomplish it. Even among the Saints who profess to have come out from the world, this insinuating, seducing spirit is creeping in wherever a loophole or an impregnable place can be found. Too much taken to promote the growth of pains cannot-bfaith and a love of spiritual gifts and principles and guard every avenue that would lead to doubt, or unbelief, as cautiously and carefully as though they led to the most dark and fearful chasm, and such indeed it is death, to all that is inspiring and elevating to human character. The child should have these spiritual impressions so engraven upon its mind and heart in its e , earliest and tenderest years, that they may grow with its growth, and increase with its stiength, giving spiritual force to the elements of character that will produce a high order of intelligence, and superior excellence of attainment. That will grasp after the things that pertain to a uiore; exalted life, and thus elevate humanity. Mothers this is your Work, to thus form and mold the infant mind. God makes the soul, you give it the bias aod impressions; stamp it with a character that is noble and pure, strive to eradicate selfishness and impurity of whatever name or nature. Be honest with yourself, with your own heart and draw near to God in prayer and He will help you in the work which in before you, the mission given you, the great operi1S'goraffi$gfe-jmlja5'tion which will exalt you and yours and crown your labors with eternal life. . HOME AFFAIRS. Mrs. M. E. Randall has opened a boarding department in connection with her select school, in Morgan College Building. For particulars apply to M. E. Randall, College Building, 14th Ward, Salt Lake City. Translate the sense of Scripture into your lives, and expound the Word of God by your work. Interpret it by your feet and teach it by your fingers. That is, let your workings and y jur walkings be Scripture exposition, as living epistles read and known of all men. We had a very pleasant call from John A. Blake, Member of Parliament, House of Commons, and his wife Mrs. Adelaide M. Blake. They manifested much interest in the Mormon question,politically and socially as well as religiously. Mrs. Blake was anxious to gather all the information she could as subject matter for a book she intends publishing after her return home. Sisters Eliza R. Snow Smith and Zina D. Young left this city Monday morning, Novem-l- r 8th, by the Utah Southern Train enroute for St. George. They will visit some of the settlements by the way; expect to meet with the Relief Societies, Y. L. M. I. A., and Primary Associations at Fillmore, Scipio, Beaver a3d other places, where it is to do so. We sincerely wish them a practicable pleasant journey and much joy in their interesting labors. The "Juvenile Instructor of the present month is certainly an interesting number. On the first page is a picture of the Salt Lake Tern- - pie as it will be when completed. The article upon Temples ia very good. The second wood cut is an "Eastern the child a good idea of the oriental manner Tf transacting business at that period. Every horn in the Territory should have a copy of this us Money-Lend- er ful magazine in it, for the children.-T- he music is always good, and helps the! little ones along m that branch of instruction. A grand Concert was given in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Monday evening, by lion's Musical Society. The singers and performers were mostly amateurs, and of course one must remember they are new beginners in criticising their efforts. The cultivation of music is refining and elevating, and as there is much musical ability which needs developing among the youth we hope that there will be every avenue open for them to receive instruction,and perfect themselves in this pleasing and inspirational science-anthat due praise and encouragement may be awarded them, instead of severe criticism, in their attempts to appear before the public. With the last company of Saints from Liverpool, who arrived in this city Nov. 11, weresev-era- l Elders returning from their missions; among them Elder John Nicholson, who has been absent more than two years. While in Eugland Bro. Nicholson was engaged in editing the Star, which he did in a very able Bro. Nicholson has also published manner. some interesting tracts in the interest of the Church, setting forth some of the principles in a clear and forcible manner. These tracts have been widely distributed, and no doubt sown much good seed in the hearts of honest men and women. In addition to his literary work he has labored in the ministry whenever Jt was expedient for him, attending Conferences and meetings in various parts of England and Scotland. We are pleased to eeo our brother again, an3f cordially joiner itb4 bi&B&2&AQig..jg4r warm-ear ted friends in welcoming him back again to his mountain home and the bosom of his family. d Mil-lenni- al h "A String of Pearls, v is the happy title of a new book for children, Just out, published at the "Juvenile Instructor" office, and is the second book of what is termed the ."Faith Promoting Series" of books, suitable to place in the hands of the children of the Latter-da- y Saints, to encourage them in the faith of the Gospel, and stimulate them to similar good works. To show them that the gifts, blessings and powers of the Church of Jesus Christ are the same now as in former days, when Jesus was upon the earth. We heartily recommend this neat little book to the little folks, and hope they will peruse it with pleasure and benefit. The first two chapters are "Among the Poncas," a tribe of Indians in Western Iowa, and are exceedingly interesting; it is the personal experience of one of our good brethren, and every word is true; children, there is no fiction about it. The next part is entitled "Anecdotes of Elder Grant," by an able and entertaining writer, which cannot fail to make a good impression; "Missionary Incidents, Jour ney Across the Plains," by President John Taylor; then follows "3tory of a Hat," "Cases of Miraculous Healing," and other subjects of equaj significance are treated upon; all being persona be experiences of the Elder3. Now, if we could sav permitted to offer a suggestion, we should that these books are more especially suitable for boys, although girls may be greatly benefit ted by reading them; yet they will not be so at "tractive for them as something of a more womanly style. There are many women whose lives are full of rich personal experience, testimonies of the power of God in healing, i thrilling incidents that, were they written up a pleasing style and published, would be productive of great good no doubt. It is just as essen to tlat that the little girls have faith in God and , 