WOMAN'S EXPONENT. like Aaron's rod, the Bongh of Joseph blooms, ia gladness, 'mid the desert glooms, Brings forth, With fragrance rare the sterile valley fills, And blossoms on the Everlasting Hills. Deep rooted in the chambers of the rock, Unheeding war, and storm, and earthquake shock, It stands where Hatred's" fiery shafts are hnrled, Waving & welcome to the wondering world. Afar, its shadows o'er the nations fall, Again Its branches climb the ocean wall, And seeds of Life, sown with Almighty hand, Are springing from the soils of every land. And thdse i' shall bear, upon the world's broad face, The fruits of Freedom for the human race, Freedom for all, of every creed and hue, Pagan or Christian, Moslem, Greek or Jew, (X'cr all alike, the Olive blooms again, Proclaiming peace on earth, good will to men. There let it flourish, till from shore to shore When tide shall rest and time shall be no more, And heaven's veil hath withered to a scroll The waves of righteousness o'er earth shall roll, And Zlon, the redeemed, the pure, the free, Shall celebrate the World's Great Jubilee. she taught a select school for young ladies, She forming many pleasant acquaintances the to in became very intelligent prinregard conversafrom the of Gospel, ciples frequent tions with the prophet, whose knowledge of God and the plan-o- f salvation seemed to unlock the past and future eternities. This was the commencement of the friendship between Joseph and Eliza, which was destined, unknown to them at that time, ultimately to ripen into the purest earthly affection, and be crowned with their union in the holy bonds of matri" mony, in the order of Celestial Marriage. Miss Snow returned again to the home of her parents for a short time, but she was so imbued with the spirit of gathering, that on the 1st of January, 1837, she bade farewell to the paternal home, to which she was most fondly attached: and determined that henceforth she would follow. the fortunes and share the joys or afflictions of the Latter-da- y Saints. It was probably at this time she wrote her poem, entitled, "What it is to be a Saint." "My heart is fixed, I know in whom I trust. 'Tw8 not for wealth 'twas not to gather heaps Of perishable things 'twas not to twine Around my brow a transitory wreath, A garland decked wi.h gems of mortal praise, That I forsook the home of childhood", that I left the lap of ease the halo rife With friendship's richest, soft and mellow tones; Affection's fond caresses, and the cup O'erflowing with tho sweets of social life, With high refinement's golden pearls enriched. PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS WOMAN. ELIZA R, RNOW SMITH. ( Continued.) 2k . ; Miss Snow received a careful education in haah of the day, and this added to the most excellent home fining, laid the best foundation for a useful and houor-iUfe the best e Nurtured and cherished under the influence of strong parental love, with a true sense of duty and strict obedience to the teachings of the Savior, she developed all those womanly graces which rendered her , society attractive to those with whom she was associated. As she into beautiful womanhood, the precious merged many noble- gifts and qualities of head and heart caused her to be much admired and sought after by the sterner sex. She was not a prude, but a modest, thoughtful, studious and intelligent young lad v with exalted ideas of life and its responsibilities. She remained single, notwithstanding the many inducements offered hor to ter into tbo marriage relation until the order of plural marriage was revealed the through Joseph Smith, prophet. And here let me say, although it be looked upon as a superstition, that I may believe the Lord held in reserve certain women to practically lay the foundation of this holy order of patriarclml marriage, and in my mind there is no doubt but "Sister Eliza" was one of the cluwn few. Many of her friends were extremely anxious to see her well settled in life but she was happy in herself and would not submit to any interference in this matter. In her girlhood Miss Snow formed the acquaintance of the famous preacher and scholar Alexander Campbell, also Walter Scott and Sidney Rigdon, able ministers of the Campbell-it- c Church, and men of erudition. They assisted her greatly in the study of the Scriptures and especially the ancient prophecies, m which though young, she was greatly which no doubt helped to'prepare her mind to receive the mission of braith though she became a convert Joseph tb the Campbelhte faith. Sister Eliza tells us that in 1835 her elder sister went to Kirtlandearly on a visit to the teaints, and on her return home bore a strong testimony of the prophet and the latter-da- y work, which impressed her as genuine, true religion, and yet she feared it was "too god to be true. However, she trusted, anil her faith increased and she was baptized on the 5th of April 18.o, and has from that time ever been a faithful and steadfast advocate of the princi- ?wg Gwpel. I .181 bister E iza went to kirtland December, and boarded in the (amity of the prophet, While there endow-ments.:- of - inter-terested.a- -- nd -- Tho whole poem is eloquent with tenderness. It is published in Volume 1, page 3, At that time there is no doubt but Miss Snow gave up her earthly ambitions believing that her religion was worth the sacrifice, yet keenly feeling the separation from thoa in wWe hearts she held so dear a place. Reaching-Kirtlan- d she up took her abode in the family of the prophet,aud became governess to his children and was companion for Emma during a-- number of years. She assisted in many spiritual labors, and gave freely all her means which she had brought with her from her home to aid in building the Kirtland Temple. She had no desire to receive any of it back again, although afterwards she received for part of it a homestead which she accepted for her family. The persecution raged in Kirtland after the Temple had been finished and dedicated, so that many had to flee for their lives, and in company with her own immediate family, who had previously gathered to Kirtland Sister Eliza started for the West, arriving in Far West Caldwell Co., Mo., on the 16th of July; she remained there with her brother Lorenzo- - who was very sick at the house of Sidney Rigdon and the family proceeded to in Davies Co. There her father purchased land fronj i the "old settlers," paying them in e there ternble events occurred, too dreadful to record here,thc picture is too horrible. JSone but those who suffered in those perilous times can ever realize the inhuman persecutions of the Saints in Missouri , Adam-ondi-Ahm- To be Continued, . my curiosity has greatly increased to see and know more of that wonderful people, that wrested a home from the rocks and sands of the western deserts, when assailed and driven out beyond the limits of civilization by modern Christianity and who have built up their Church so rapidly, and unite in their characteristics such unity of purpose with such terrible energy --that the "churches" stand aghast and the politicians wrestle in agony of spirit with the "dreadful Mormon Problem." I try to be neutral in this matter, for I am not, as yet, a believer in any form of religion, but my sympathies are with the Mormons, as it seems to me should be the case with any candid and d student of the history of that peofair-minde- ple. By the way, I think phy t of "Mary Ettie V if that Autobiogra- was circulated every- where, it would make converts rather than enemies to the Mormon Church. FAITH WHAT IS IT. "Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen," "Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed, by the word of God" and as faith is the moving cause of all action,in temporal concerns, so it is in spiritual. For the Savior has said, and that truly "That he that beleiveth and is baptized shall be saved," Mark 16 chapter, 16 verse; as we receive by faith temporal blessings all that we do receive, so we in like manner receive all spiritual blessings that we do receive. Rut faith is not only the principle of action, but power also in intelligent beings, whether in heaven, or on earth. The Savior says in explaining the reason why the disciples could not cast out the devil, it was because of their unbelief "for verily I say unto you, said .heif you have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain remove hence to yonder place, and it shall remove, and will be impossible unto you." Also Joshua in the sight of all Israel bade the sun and moon to stand still and it was done, Joshua 10 chapter and 12; verse and many more passages of Scripture I could quote to show how great was the faith of the ancient, Apostles and Prophets. Faith then is the first great governing principle which has power, dominion and authority over all things; without, itthere is no power and without power there could be no creation nor existence. Therefore my sisters let us be strong in our faith in our Heavenly Father, and in all good things and good works. I remain, Your Sister in the Gospel. not-thin- Frances B. Hart. an t LETTER FROM A STRANGER. ' . Reading an "Exposure of Mormonism," purporting to be written by one "Mary Ettie V. Smith, has turned my thoughts to Utah, and 1 am very anxious to know the character and of that malignant lady, if she has either, or if she really exists. Ij; is quite possible that you know nothing of the book, but it is characterized by the greatest absurdities and the most glaring inconsistencies, with a together degree of jealous spitcfulness. Since reading this remarkable "Exposure"' ri-cor- d . BIRTH DAY SURPRISE PARTY. Friday Aug. 11th 1880 beinz the 84th anniversary of the birth of our beloved sister and friend "Aunt Dicy Perkins." a number of her friends gave her a surprise party. President John D. T. Mc Allister, Samuel Adams, Bro. Winsor and wife, H. W. Miller and wife, Samuel Hardy and wife, Mother Bird, Aunt Kate Church, Mother Clark, and Sisters Jeffreys, Worthen, Higgins, Alger, and others; they brought with them both picnic and presents, and had a very enjoyable Em-pe- y time. Durinfr thft flvernnnr tfiv siticr anntra made speeches and gave toasts, and wished dear old "aunt Dicy" all the hapiness allotted to the " faithful. The party was gotten up by Sisters Winsor and Jeffreys,and was indeed wnat they intended f it should be a real surprise. A. M. W., and L. P.P. " " St, George Aug. 7, 1880. g 