rar a onri rMilntiA , ,. . fellow laborer of the younger xMnr.ha he Nenhite or Xainanite, of revenge and the fury of dehate in the until the batspair they j oiued their national leaders on tle field,and with their husbands, 50ns and broththe blood of the foe. ers, dyed their hands red-iNor did they arm themselves atone,' but with feelings turned to those of monsters, they put weapons into the hands of their children and inflamed their young minds with the savage love, of slaughter. The war was not one for suprema-c- y alone; it was for national and individual ex- istence, and midsl a sea of carnagejunparalleled on any land save fours, the "Nephite nation; was swept out of exis tence. leaving scarce a trace be- ..hind, a most terrible instance of divine mercy Gi scorned and divine laws abused. 4Kin& nf the ; . vast city of Alma;, the only man m all the was sent, andjn monihab, to whom an angel were miracles wrought. whose behalf mighty as he and his mentions women, H expressly before his chilAm-- . -- places them next to himself and; kinsfolks and other dren, his father and all his uses the word wife or nowhere kindredi and were meant his wives is that evident wives, it No women. one, surely, would and not serving' the place of such give argue that he would tahto-fello- w citizens, before honor.in his address 1 - seems to have been most highly-.regarde- n's OBITUARY Qiety. f Jeaus, - - . : - VI de Cotton Battlur, Wool Battln-- , Brown Tarn, White Yams, - Cokired Yarns Cassl meres, Tweeds, . Fahlont Brooms," Washboards, Brushes, c ( East Temple Street. iVo. 17 Co- -- . work guaranteed. z. o. .31:. 1. ; GliOQERlE HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, J, . ITOTTOirSi AT TEASDEL'S UBE CUT. Special departments or. Oent'a Clothing; and Carpets, Ladies and Children's Shoes, Dry Goods,; SbawJa and Dorxitetice, Groceries, , Hardware Stoves. and 8ALI It is t& best Biooa runner, ana wmmiw every function to mors healthful action, and tM ,.. thjum benefit In aU diseases. . In eliminatinir the Imparl Mm f th blood, th Vtx Batniml od necessary result U core of Scrof. nloos and other bkin Eruptions and Diseasea Dicers lscladiof Cancers, and other Bore. .uTspepsi, wesjtnesa 01 tut Mtomscn,Conit. 4 . ' of all CLASES 7 ANTED. DRIED FRUITS rernL It is medirina whirh ahnnUl ha ftt i.int. Or, and which, wbererer tuied, will aarfl th prmentof xnAnydgctots'bliii Bottles of two tlzcg; prices, S3 ctnta andtLOa - TEENCH ... I'M' litliua ... -jm, S77 BUU4 ' and Dcalenj la Ucdicino - J ilL - Proprietors, . " HAVE tor PampiJ DBBT'ISTiT-..- Teeth Carefully r alex. axeth inserted n.raciu. from one tooth to a Full Set, in tl Moet Approved Manner. PRICES to Suit th Timet and First C'lsvsa r : worn Uaarantewl. p.o. box' ML NEW 3 PR U C STO C lC .. self-threadl- F. AUERBACH - & BROTHER 55 EAOT TiaipLE Btrket, Salt Lake City. i.rrrlifei??i!llB!.r7 EmbroJderlee, Buck es BIOl. Are, BsJslakelt. 0; X)I35TWOOI)m2r. DsUIJIb hT ' F U R Nv T U Ft E ) ' 1TBOLXULM AJS9 axZAJX. SPRING ED&; ' l WIRE JIATTRESSES. 2 Sp e r BABY CARRIAGES. Fe a'the'r s ci KiDOOns. 8t5ck 111 the Weu Notloas 1 Clottto and Furamain nr Victor Sowing Machine C6.y;?ChfcaIH. M. 4 1 SSitalto. - eJetrant in appearance and admirable in operation, runs rery easily and w;tbont any, noise apd oonfu-ator- j. althnurh th MUnfinuii i. t ..k. ettmi and and absence of springs hutUe, and cors renders it both simple and durable. Be sore to see iforita areneral ad tsd tares will make you Its friend' OPPOSITE SALT LAKE HOUSE. "Pjee of Dreea Goods, THE NEW ; Machine, is ( r OU SEEN not you should do so at once, and examine the New IF Jdeas In 8ewln Machine Construction. The New ; Natural teeth. Him ST., mm STORE. ViCTflllSBWIfJG IIACMJIL ATTEJfTION PAID &PECTAL to FilHrir and 1rs0fvtn tv OFFICE: - 1 b. :ix)Tjr3vrpor), 1 i- Ladies arv requested to call and 'examine the most complete assortment f Curls, Braids, 6 witches, tc at Koduced Prices.-- ' ; AH kind of Hair Work made up in the meet Artiftlii style, Oath paid for Bum an Hair and Comblnrs. GREGORY, iWt Lak Clty.( ' , ' J08EPHINK W Klsaball Block. BMbea4A ZCC T5eod . , , : - . r . . j nference to call at her show rooms and see her new stock modes of of M ILL 1NKKY The latest and roewt stylish Bats and Bonnets fn Straw, Felt and Velvet.- - Also a nice anlArtinn In Flnwerfl. Festhain. ThifthAS., VaIvaI aiul wik. bons in the latest shades and stripes .Country dealers, please call. ladW Hair work in all Its branches. Good ng . . . ' JDRY GOODS, nrtl vr r:cr) l . ; of - Wholosale and Retail Dealing In all kinds of in. the story of lleleman and his two - found thousand titriplingswha though very young, , were so fall of the spirit of faith implanted in their hearts by the wise counsels of their loving and mothers, that in the might of Jehovah they went forth against the enemies of their adopted country for they. were Lamanites by birth) and no power could withstand them. Their mother's ; teachings and their mothers' prdyers were weapons of destruction to to their foes and shields of defence went forth conquering and themselves. They One only knows to conquer, and the of how much the teachings those saintly women effected towards the preservation of commonwealth from imminent destruction. And what shall we say of the condition of woman in that blessed Sabbatic era succeeding the ' glorious appearing of the Redeemer on this western land, when for two hundred years thUv continent. ; enjoyed undisturbed and heavenly peacej' when all men devoutly worwith their shipped; th lord and dealt Justly was woman. or an age, ; in It man fellows which ho woman was wronged, no deserted children pined in. the streets, no abused wives mourned in secret, or- - lifted their sorrowing hearts in anguish to the Great Father of mankind; no brazen courtesans flaunted on the broad maidens hid their; sorrow highway oriruined and shame ' wherever seclusion was the most profound. The inspired historian tells us that if ever thera were a happy people on this earth, here they were found, and most happy must have been the gentler ones, who bear in the stubborn battle of life so large a share of its sor- , rows and misfortunes. But this golden age was soon followed W it opposite, when every .virtue seems to have been supplanted by a vice, and all good was turned to evil.- At almost lightning speed, the people track, the having once taken the downward nation rushed to ruin, until- - this continent became one vart field of carnage, rapine, and . devils gloated and hell misery over . which . whole land . the herself. Indeed, enlarged seemed peopled with a race of demons who perpetrated cruelties that could alone be con-ceived In the hearts of th damned. During these lengthened years of untold horror the fair daughters-- of the land suffered unspeakable bar- - ; bari tics; Life, Tfctue, every thing was the play- - ' ? - cil.: nR8 dye ladies of Salt lake and those Yisltinr Desires the . i 1' f ) Palace LOUSIA CflGSlIAW. . 'ir ' - LlnseTS - : , 8hawis, :- the-Nphi- te i ' Blankets, FiaonelB, , P. 8. According to her request, her remains were taken to Salt Lake for interment. ry - : )' Cenfttitutlou Balldlns;, also ' All-seei- ng r te.-- n ihkt. HOMB WADF TEtrNK8cW sftlft by JOHN C. eT-- I LER,' Arent of the PEOVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old Home-Ma- , ; ' promptly reepanped 8tlr, six blocks east of Post Offloei south side of '"'- has been lven Ujto Obstetrics , diseases OFFICB-- TJ ' Resldfcncf tiet-'':- i ' ef . i -- . A LARGE ; STOCK ; . God-feari- Khrt noUee. DISEASES of the EYE AND EAR ;: Saint and an active member and teacher jn the I,: Belief Society, and filled her position with promptness and dignity, and was highly respected by all who knew her. The sisters of the Be-liSociety deeply mourn her loss. Her testimony was to the last mingled with faith and hope of a glorious resurrection. Then we hope to meet our beloved sister again and enjoy her people. General Moroni, than whom a more devoted man to the cause of truth and humanity never lived, is especially conspicuous in his untiring efforts for the safety and happiness of the wives and little ones of his people. On the standard to which he rallied the patriot warriors . of thellepublic, which he namedl'The Title of IAbettyrhe inscribed,"In memory of our God,our religion and freedow, and our peace, our wives and our children." This eoonS to have been his watchword throughout the long succeeding campalgnu, Jn which iio do. fended the Nephites from the savage onslaughts , of their Lamanitish foes. Again and again we find him rallying the hosts of Nephi with this soul stirring cry, and under the ardor it wrought Jn their heart, carrying: triumphV to their banners and freedom to their land. One series of events that ..occurred .. during th is long war which sheds a most pleasing ligh t "upon the innerlUeof the faithful among the Nephites is . PllSri " LUD flUJXQZlOZX, In OW tJMtftatioa Buflfif , Special ttudj Women, and Died at her residence in Oxford, Idaho, March 19th, 1880, Mary Hunt, wife of Samuel Hunt. Born December 23d, 1835, at Corton, Norfolk, England. Baptized 18o3; Emigrated' to Utah in 18(58. Sister Hunt was a faithful" Latter-da- y a ' ' rXTSSXCXAXT : ' ie . flORCE HOH JiHl A B. PRATT, ? esteemed. The Nephites were then living der that excellent code of laws drawn up by the of inspired King "Mosiah j which bear evidence to a peo-pmost been admirably adapted having worthy of a large amouritof liberty-Thi- such age was adorned with theu)resence of 'men iis Alma, Moroni (the Prophet General of the Kephite armies), Ammon and the other sons of i King Mosiah, lleleman, Amulek and others conspicuous for their devotion to the laws of God and the rights and liberties of the wui-guina- iup from the country IID ; un- ed 4 jsrorden ! and d v ii .1 : his parents and his children. As another instance, the great number of Chief J udge sons is incidentally mentioned; rule was It during the brighter days of thebefore of the Judges, that woman of any time the appearance of the Messiah on this centinent Pa-hora- VRUiaSETS CEtEBRAJED llFT X&epolrfHl 0u j : 75, 11 ri'j&wu'm& souti'st::'s..;L. o. 