WO MAN' 8 EX T ON 'I ten: he. was one who could pot be turned atde from the Gospel of ChiM; tor vision of to the; re-- j, ;"truthM "'clekrj arid her attachment Smith in Jrealed relgloti,M ught by Joseph; was1 tbelaVt dajs iraa sincere. She truly a a true follower of Jesus 'Mother "III! Israel , ... Christ., . ... :Resoivedf that while her departure shadows ail our hearts, It'arouses our deeper desires to continue falthfnl, that our last days msy be ,llke bexS full of faith in the hope of a glorious ' . : . " " V. Besolyed, tbiit a copy of these resolutions be VorVikied to her children, also to the Woman's --' jl.iFOrKT, anu pmceu iu uur geuejai icuui Eeepectfully, C resurrections 'i- - i- ii-- ' i Maby Johnson, Pres't. Euson Gourley. i Maby Dodds. M. A. R. Tiii, a V j ; Committe REPORTS. ST CI CABLES. ' Minutes of the third Quarterly Conference of the?Ladios Relief Societies of the Bear Lake Stake of 'Zion held In St. Charles Meeting Souse the 28,' and 29, of Feb. 1880. 28 : 10 present on the stand Pres. Julia P. Lindsay with her counselors Bishops J. A. Hunt and Pugmire. Patriarch James Works, Elders A. Galloway and Andrew Jensen. After the usual exercises of singing and prayer, minutes of the previ. OU9 Conference were read and accepted. Sta. tistical and Financial reports of. the Relief Societies and Primary Associations were also read and accepted. President Lindsay expressed the pleasure she felt in seeing so many, assembled In conference, was gratified toave; jbo brethren meet with us, said it encouraged the sistersvery much to see the brethren take an interest in 'our affairs. Herself arid Counselors had visited( during the past winter) almost all the Relief Societies arid Primary Associations of this Stake. Knew: there was a growing interest amongst the sisters, to attend their meet, ings Ac Gave general instructions to the Secretaries in regard to making out their reports, Would be pleased to see the Woman's Exponent taken by the sisters and circulated in all the families of the Saints. Spoke of home industries fcc &. r Sister E. Colllngs in her remarks said our thoughts and actions are all known to our Father, in heaven. We have to work out our own salvation and not depend altogether upon our husbands. Instructed the sisters to guafdvcarefully the children God bad commited to their care. Spoke of the Associations now organized as all being helps to qualify the young for the responsible places they will have to occupy in the building up of God's kingdom; also of the work we have to do for ourselves, and our dead, when these Temples are finished: hoped to live to see that day. , Singing. Benediction, by A. Galloway. ' Feb. 28, 2 P. M. Meeting opened with singing and prayer. Roll called ot Presidents-and Counselors of Relief Societies and Primary Associations, 19 present The president of the Relief Societies were called h upon to represent their respective were very satisfactory, showing, that the sisters are doing a good work in assisting theaieedy and trying to elevate the state ol society in our moral and every day life., Sister Maria Rich desired an Interest in the faith and prayers of the Saints, that she might be dictated by the Spirit ot God while addressing those pre-- 1 A.-M- . : -- -- 1 I t , , ; ' organiza-tlons,whic- ENT. Said the brethren may think this small- affair, a sister's Conference j it was not of our seeking. The presidency of this Stake appointed it and placed it upon us to ent. ; - ; - travel through the Stake, visit .the socle.-tieand instruct the sisters in their duties. By the help of God herself an(J colabcrers would try and do their, duty. Exhorted the sisters to do all they could to build each other up snd notbe watching for eyiij; ayoid fault finding and every thing that was cal. qulated to cause discord. Bishop JT. Pug. mire spoke of the way our young should bo trained, we ,want to train them to a better and more elevated state than they are now in Thought the different associations were very zealous and energetic In the good work they are engaged In, also dwelt upon the necessity of mothers teaching their "children correct .principles. Bishop John A. Hunt said he experienced great pleasure while listening to the reports. It was something, new for th sisters to hold conference; transact business, speak In meeting. &c; &c, said there was great pleasure In teaching and tialning the young, was pleased to hear sisters speak who had many years experience in this Church. Patriarch James WorksfoilQwei in.a Jfew words of encouragement to the sisters regarding stor. ing GrainAc. Feb 28: 2 Pi M. Pres. Lindsay In a few words expressed her thanks to the brethren for their encouraging, words and the good principles they advanced. It helped to strengthen her in the discharge of her duties10 Asked the sisters to be united in their faith and prayers that the Almighty would turn away the sickness that is now in our settlements hoped , the sisters and btethrenwould be punctual in attending meeting to morrow;. Singing. Benediction. Meeting was ad. Journed until 10 A. M. Feb. 29. Feb. 29:10 A. M. Young ' Ladles M. I. A. occupied the forenoon. Feb 29: 2 IV M, In addition to those nsesent on the stand the first day were Apostle C. C. Rich Pres. James H Hart and George Osmond. Pres. Hart presented the Stake and local officers of the Relief Societies and Primary- - Associations to the Conference. They were unanimously sustained. Pres. Hart spoke of the advantages to be gained from these organizations. We are all organized and classified some havo capacity and ability for certain duties, and others for other duties. It takes all of us to make a perfect organization. Considered the storing o( grain of great importance alluded to the practice of gleaning as being very ancient, brought up. Ruth as an example, also spoke of her Illustrious descendants, was pleased to see that the sisters have succeeded so Well in this direction said the reports that had been read from the different settlements were a guarantee of the energy and good faith of the sisters engaged in this nobljworkj commended the Pres. oP the Stake and her counselori for their un" .''V?"" ceasing efforts to do good. Feb. 29: 5 P. M.-- Pres. George Osmond regretted not being present yesterday showed the necessity of having the spirit of God to assist us in all our, labors. If an evil existed In out midst it was our duty to put that evil down; spoke of the influence mothers have "over the minds of their children, and how careful they should be in educating and training, their minda in all th at was good and noble. Apo3tle C. C. Rich addressed a few words of encourage, ment to the Congregation said he believed ' in practising his religion, encouraged all to try and llvo the lives of Sains. Pres. Lindsay spoke for a 8fcor; time on tbe sub. ; a ' " : : . - . ; s Ject of raising means in the Relief Societies to help emigrate poor Saints from Europe and gave other good instructions. Conference adjourned for six months. Singing. Benediction, by t Apostle C C Rich. Report of the Primary Association of the Bear Lake State of Zion from May. 31, 1879 to Feb. 28,1880. No. of members. 479,officers 48, Total officers and members 527 j Meetattendacc 3 14, ings held 149; Average ' means recieved $30, 82! Amount of Amount expended 2, 60 on hand $2822. Julia P. Lindsax, Pres; R. S. Stake. , Elizabeth Colli ngs. i Marie Rich. Committee Alice M. Rick, Secretary. Emelink Rich, Treasurer. Richfield. Minutes cf the R. S. Quarterly. Conference of Sevier Stake of Zion, held in Richfield, Jan. 23 and 24, 1880, Pres. Elizabeth Bean presiding., Singing, Prayer by Elder W. H. Segmiller. ... After a few appropriate opening remarks by Pres. Elizabeth Bean, tho Secretary read the reports from the different wards. The officers pf the stake and wards were then ' presented and sustained. The presidents of the wards gave verbal reports of their wards. They, reported the aims, desires, and feelings of the sisters to be good and i n accord ance wl th the d Irection and counsel of the Priesthood. Pres. Elizabeth Bean expressed her pleasure in listening to the reports, and felt that we had great cause for rejoicing and thankfulness. Exhorted the sisters to press forward in the cause of right, and to use every effort to do good and promote the interest of the work of our Heavenly Father. Bro. W. H. Segmiller, of the Presidency of the Stake, spoke to the sisters; said thoinfluence of wives and mothers was great, and it should be used in preparing their families for usefulness in society and in the kingdom of Advised mothers to teach their God. daughters to choose good company, and to not associate with rough, profane, Intern, perate men; find if they would be determined to have good company they could soon command and enjoy it. Conference adjourned until two o'clock. ' Benediction. Singing. " 2 Ft M. Meeting called to order by Pres. Elizabeth Bean. Singing. Prayer. Singing. Sisters Washburn, Spencer, Thurber, Keplerand others of the sisters instructed and encouraged the congregation. They spoke of our duties and obligations to our. selves, each other and God. - Referred to tho responsibilities of the mothers of Israel, and how careful each,one should be to teach her little ones to pray and have faith In God. Encouraged' tho presidents of the Young Ladies' and Primary Associations to be persevering and diligent, and not let the interest taken in the meetings slacken, or die out. Hoped we might all live so that we could claim the love arid protection of our Heavenly Father. , Bishops Poulsen and Sellers gave some excellent, ad vice and Instruction, and commended the sisters for their perseverance and many good (vorks, and prayed God's blessings to rest on the labors of the Relief Societies. Meeting adjourned until ten A. M. Singing.' Benediction. Saturday, 10 A. M. After tho usual open Ing exercises, Pres. Elizabeth Bean made some excellent remarks on the subject of home Industry, and encouraged. the socie-tl- ea 'to take hold of this Important matte t , f re-spectl- ve 