WOM AN'S 0 -X-P N'E-N-T- i' nrn from the n past; Fb0m titb Bajks op the Hudson. H.H. Warner, & Co., kocbester, N. Y,-- Gentlemen: "A Mftfjot Ayerpventy years of age, in falling health for over, year has been using Warner's Bafe" Bitters on my recommendation $be fcels very, grateful for the benefit she baa derived, therefrom, and says that until she. used it her stomach could bear no vegetable food for oyer. $h re years. I believe it to be a certain specific for dyspepsia. . r.v J. T, JoSLYN, M, D. . f , .TnE officers and members, of the Primary Association of the 20th, Ward met at tbe'tchool house to celebrate, their. fUat Anniversary Friday, April 16, Mrs. lEmma Toonei presiding. There were present by invitation. Sisters Ellza-Snow and. Bathsheb.oW.' Smith, Elders C. W. 8tayne?;F. IM.- - Mitchell, aDd Bro. Wheeler, officers of the Belief Society of the ward, and most of the ebildrehte mothers. The programme consisted of readingSf reel a- tions, songs, etsays, and answering questions; also several &on$s by all the children together After these exercises were over, a most tempting and delicious dinner was served to all. The tables were neatly 'prepared, and one hundred and twenty sat down to partake of the ' feast Appropriate and interesting remarks were made by Sisters Snow and Smith and Elders Stay ner and Mitchell, who expVeksed their delight and surprise at the marked, 'improvement of the Association in so short a ... time. f, A, vote of thanks was tendered to the committee of young sisters acd brethren, who aided in making suitable arraogemenis and seating the children; and a vote of thanks, fa the parents who kindly furnished and prepared .the ample and excellent repast. There was a considerable miantity nf good thlnaato SDaTtJ after all present had freely partaken, which tw ere distributed to thentedy. All who participated seemed to enjoy themseltes, and a good; spirit ' .,. and feeling was manifest, . . ' NEWBUBafN. Y. Oct. 20; 1879. company with Mrs. S wood we had the pleasure of attending the'BeHef Society Annoal Conference of )avis Stakof Zion, Mrs. Sarah LHolmes presiding. Reports ;Were read from all parts of the county, which borp positive testimony of the good woj k being accomplished. The weather was unfavorable for a large gathering, but there was a good feeling and spirit in the meeting, in the afternoon 8jster Hey wood addnssed the congregation la an interesting and earnest manner, after which we spoke to them of our convictions and experience, and Bishop Hess eloquently testified to the truth of what had been Ji-JI- ey v spoken, ' A Pleasant Subprise. On Friday eveniDg, Presi-deApril 16,' the family and a few friends of nt . . 1 , Emma. PLAYING MARBLE-KEEP- departeC!'-S- 1 11 thlliife Apir 2V10, at28 in', in the lth Ward, ,$t iakUy A Deceased ,was born ,fer Brae, Parish ot Tarbplfgnj .'rKhlipi.paod; , . bapiiztd jvitfti her to in Utah, 1863; ,wa raariiefS parents deeply bereaved nusband iwMh $hwpyiix the loES .pf so dear and worthy cprnniQn we ;L truly sympathizej Noyembe,"rl2J Igijinujt the loss is not .'couflnedio.tbej dp qoestij jQlrpip as jnJSandgal' , wife and ' , . feels mothersociety the loss ir , True and; faithful in all her relations in 'life, frank, honest and Dnassuming ihe' won the confidence of all who knewlberiasdthosewho knew her best appreciated her most,and many , h'ef memory and moHirn very many will cherish ' ' ' : 10" her loss. d From early childhoot! in her bosom, confiding Vrusf irildlodj'and 1 -- 1 1 pitlon to question His -- Sterbfnay clier-ishe- wisToe" but ve ry often "testfled ; of Ufa ifond ness ind His many special and continuous blesifogs he- pioweu on uex. r au xaat uay oiuer ure 911 . Toone, Pres't, Cecelia ShabI7 has Eifzabetli, iV Llnd-avwife 'of limr 'mMnrj es- leeuicu irituu, xio. ii. j.xxiomas, gepai,ieu wap ; ; Theiovlrjgnd beloVed . ; . maraeu. 11 sue jnizai caoose live, but if tb Lord Allied' other wjapl bless id Cor. St c?y. S. one of sad sympathies, bat of eepjlpstrnctlve e ,tUner disioterest- - N Although much pf tressed fa;, beath , she gaye; ninc. counsel to Oiem.enibefg pjf her amUy ,. .exjjea.t?d jjier gratitudeta; her friendLfp? kjpdoefsea rejojyed, her., mental and .spiiUual po;wew ppari;n:tly near the by belog quickenid approach of death. :: '.Ltonff after her pulse had! ct4sexf to heafr.she and led In singing (t!hihm'ncom- 'mencin'g with,Ob, my Father," Jwvii'geeral I brothers ' and listers tresent l'otoitl iii; Uu t. strange a3t it was, her ' volde: wai be atd the hymhUhrougbi. And "still Jator;'ftft&r convert, . Is not this to the boy what cards areo the man? If there are any who have not thought of it, or are doubtful; of the fact, just obve the intense absorption of the boys whole faculties in winning and hoard! eg his marbles--counti- ng them over every night ai a mUr .dpes, his gold. Also ju?t take time, you duubting' Thomas, who carelessly says, Oh, let boys be; boys and have their inn cent fun, for care and toil come all tooaoon and hard;? just take time to watch a game of keeps, and. observe the , . . ed . most icrupulous exaction of the tiny competitors, and the numerous attempts to; take the advantage, even to cheat, fully carrying out the maxim or AH 4a fair In war." Also mark, the loud tone of wrangling, if forturlately It dots not come to bldws all indicating an Education not at aU lo be coveted; or calculated t9 enhance or beautify home life. , As Heaven's own appointed special guardians, we mothew should raise our voice3 against this growing , evil;; we must p this budding love, for, gains in the germ j or many a mother will, awake,; ala! aliop late, to the heart rending realization that her. teloveboy the apple of her yer-i- a a cocfirmed gambler." In; the good bid days; to win.the game was fan enough, wfcy'rbot now?.iAhI Iforgot, we have progretsed. ' Hnmph! like 'We haTein ill-gott- : I en -- f log freely Jonth8 near t apprSacbj'tb-'ihe- wtrld 5 abave, akd afer bavIngHa'ke'n formal leave of her family and riends, she,s.n inswe'ey ?lear the'Whble of tWvirVfi (;f.m l'''''iiiBiit6ii ral" 'ihy 1'akir; "'hfti . V'i$ 'plZi&'$in later' she repeated, ?BtelveVm in glory my home,' These were her last . : yvx some 'minutes borheMrea ed ; j j : ! , . ' iDYlfi lYOIf. ; OBITTJARIES. : pur-round- ed . . - - A. O. Smoet gathered at his residence to give a surprise greeting to Sitter Margaret T. Smoot his estimable and venerable wife in honor of her seventy 'first; birthday. "Ma" Smoot was, on the occasion, therecipUnt of numerous congratulations, and sincere, good wishes for a prolonged and happy existence. We copy the above notice from the "Territorial Enquirer," and we add our congratulations to Others, and that this amiable lady may: see many happy returns of the day in health, by loving relatives and friends. "Ma"' veteSmoot, as she is affectionately styled, tea ran in Moimpnism, and an uoillnching practical advocate of Patriarchal Marriage. The Primary Association of the 13th Ward celebrated its first anniversary on Friday, April 23, Mis. Belief Atwood presiding. There were exquite a number of visitors present and tho ercises were very interesting. The music, singcare ing; and reciting all showtd thoughtful Wisand training. The whole of the Word of dom was recited coriectly by a veryamaJl boy. After the programme for tie .children was .finished,' the children were addmaed by Elder George Goddard in his happy manner; and be r them ''Children ma come to Jesus," sang-foall of them Joining in the chorus. Kilters E. B. Wells, Rachel B.Grant and E. H. Goddard each1 spdker a few words of encouragement to in their them, exhorting tbem to continue "and candy spiritual improvement. Oranges were distribrited to all, aleo cards of merit. These associations are. gathering in the little ones, and teaching, them to walk In the path that leads to happines, and peace. And we feel to say, God bless thqe epga'ged In this no hie work. .'.,;..-On Thursday, Apiil 15, we had the phasure of attending the first .Anniversary of thePri-- : niary ssoelatlori of the 12th Ward, Mrs. Ellen S. Clawsdn, piesidirg. There iwcre quite a 'number of visitors present. The txercist s " wire tnteresting and well conducted. Several pleces'were sung' 1'n jleatog style; and good ' order'was berved thoaghout. After' 'the children had gone through the programme, : ' R. Friday, April 16, in , st . ' : departure into by and forbidden paths for re; .a laxation and recreations" rfiji D j As mothers, we cannot be too' careful oi too diligent in guiding our sons and daughters irilo the best and safest paths of life. If iUI mothers will consider this subject and use their concerted influence-againit, something will be dooe. Our boys can play and he boys,, and still grow to be honest men Do any of us realize hpv much we mothers have, or ought to do, to fulfill our motherhood with such a record asiihaUi MPKWri0..0'68 with joy and sweU our hearts w.Uh p'idp; Ven ouf Father shall iay, "Well idone, thou good W and faithful mother , Sister E. R. Snow and Elder Bobeft Campbell, each made a few, remarks, and then .the, i; meeting closed with prayer pjoue pi the little boya rs. Cw-eoa son of Dr. Seymour B. Young, then distributed among the children sulta ble, prizes of books and cards, 4otmerii.?,, The closing act was the presentation of the pfclure of a cross, neatly framed,from the children to their President, Mrs. Clawsoiv. Miss Hardy pre-- , seated it with a pretty little speech. made in' the happiest manner, possible. Mrs. Clawi pn, although taken by eui.prlse, replied eloquently. Tuition for six months, $30; Books, three in. number,' $12. N. B, It takes twelve days to get the books , ; a radiant glp.w apd; a tmost PlWildppn helips, , heayeqly jp. : plfa, WeJthAthe Withlthoe, to us, jnvible. ; irnated .raile ot ap r ;? , cpmm.un-ifl- g ( inz tf : eotne othtr' wayfC1 MTha: legitimate1 path of Jifej is too narrow, too prosy; civilization demands tha CUrboa 7 minutes after Duk atBhowfibUrgi Kanji 13th of March, 1880, 0 o'clock, 