WO MA N'S 150 Spark, wife of William Sparks, au1 daughter of David and Margaet Buttars, b.rn July 5, 1851, at Blairir jurie, Firthrhhe, Scotland; emi1 grated with bor parents to Utnh in 1854. She leaves a husband and f.ur children, a father, sister and tbjee brothers, and many friend to mourn her los a. She was a kind and loving wife, a tender and affectionate mother. She was an active teacher in the Relief Society, and was one who responds! cluer'ully to call. She was loved by all who knew her. She lived and died In the full fith of the Gospel, and was reargued to her fa4 e. The list words she was heard to utUr were, "The Lord glveth and the Lod'taketh away, bussed be the name of the Lord." Her bopss for eternal life were bright and glortbu. H. S. Died, at Smithfield, Cache Co , Jay. 28, Johaun Elizabeth, yourgat daughter L. and George Y. Smith, ajred 13 years. 8be wa a bright, intelligent girl, atd was assistant Fecreta-- in tho IMinary Association. Her lost is gieatJy felt, she wmvery much beloved by all who know her. She being the fifth of that family t j go in a pho.t time, he ha gone to mtet ber mother, brothers and sis ttr, and j dn their society in a irgher sphere. Ann J. Stjckney. Samaria, Malad Valley. nn y M. M. Stickncy Sec'y. and Miss Sarah J. Smith Assistant Secretary; and Master Joseph L. Olson, Treasurer. Sister Snow asked some questions which were promptly answered by the little ones. She gave many good instructions to all present. Sisters Horny and Young and Bishop Halliday made bdef and appropiato remarks. The children sang "I will not steal. Benediction. The children partook of a picnic dinner, and the afternoon wa.s spent in dancing, singing and reciting by the children. The exercises closed with short and interesting remarks by Bishop Hailiday Sisters Snow, Home and. Young. The proceedings of the, whole day will never be forgotten by the good people of Santaquin. 1880, of J EXP ON EN T. Williams. U. S. REPORTS. Santaquin The Relief Society of this place held their 11th, Annual Meeting in the School House, Nov 13th, 1879. After the usual exercises of singing and prayer, the minutes aud reports, of Relief Society were read also the minutes and reports 6 f the You ng Lad ies M. I. A. and Primary Associations were read at tho same time, by each one's Sec'y, Ttrhich was very satisfactory to all present. On the atand was our Pres. E. J. Stickuey, Sisters E. R. Snow, M. I. Home and Zina I). Young, from Salt Lake, also Sisters Agnes Douglas and Council from Payson,and Bishop George Halliday, and his Council. Sister Douglas at the same time orgauized a Silk Association. She being tho President of the Southern District of Utah Co , Pres. Stickney, also chase two new Counselors one having removed to Arizona the other resigning through ill health. Th above named brothers and sisters addressed the rreetiug which was a very interesting onea good spirit prevailed and much good instruction was given It was a meeting that will long be remembered in Santaquin. Closed with tho usual exercises. May the Lord bless you in your labors in doing goodis the prayer of your Sister. Elizabeth Carter. Primary Association. The Primary Association of Santaquin held their first Annual meeting in the school house Nov.. 15, 1879. There was present, the President and council of tho Relief Society. Sisters E. It. Snow, M I Home and Z. D. Young of Salt Lake City. Officers of tho Goshen Relief Society and Bishop Halliday and Counselors and Sec'y. of the Primary, and quite a number of the fathers and mothei s of the children. The children sang Oh,' we can't stay 'away" Prayer; singing, "A Welcome," by 26 little girl. Sister E.R. Snow addressed the meeting for a short time, then proceeded to reorganize the Association with the follow-i- n gnamed officers. Miss Serena E. Halliday 1 resident; Mrs. Mary A. Stickuey and Mrs. RIndenia Olson, Counselors; Mrs. Ann J I believe the sisters of Samaria are not often heard from, but it is not because we are not trying to do our duty; we care for the poor here, and are trying, as a baud of sisters, to bo united and work for the good of all. We are trying to carry out the counsel given to store up grain. VVldtiOhe, ExPoNeNT in our society, which is read with much interest by the sisters. The teachers visit regularly, and their reports memare favorable. We have thirty-tw- o bers, and our meetings are well attended, considering the weather nd the distance We havp to travel. Our President, Mary D. Price, got up a Leap Year party on Ne w Year's night, for the ben elit of the Society. Tho ladies bought the tickets and furnished supper for the gentlemen. The young ladies made the Meeting House look a picture of beauly and cleanliness, which every one admired when they entered the door. We had the best music in this valley, and every one enjoyed themselves famously; everything vts peaceable and quiet, and, in short, our dance was a success. We feel like improving intellectually as well as spiritually, and hope we m ty individually and as a society add pur influence and unite with tho Saints in building up the kingdom of God. Mary H. Tout, Sec'y. -- Jan. 15, - 1880. Utah Stake. Minutes of tho Sixth Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies of Utah Stake of Zicn, held in tho Meeting House, Provo City, Feb, 13, 1880. Present on the stand, President Margaret T. Smoot, Counselor Mary John, with the other members of the board. Visitor from Salt Lake City, Sister Zina D. Young; brethren, David John, S. S. Jones,Bishop Johnson.and several others. J. C. Graham, Editor "Enquirer," was also present. Meeting opened by singing, and prayer. Minutes of former meeting read by the The reading, of the reports Secretary. for the quarter then followed, after which verbal reports from the several presidents of the Relief Societies of the Stako' were called for. Sister John made a few remarks, encouraging the sisters in faithfulness and the discharge of every duty. Pres. M. T. Smoot followed with a lew remarks, after which verbal .reports were given by all th. presidents present. Our meeting was very well attended, consider-lo- g the inclemoncy of the weather and tho cars being blockaded by snow so they could not run on time. made some very Sister Zina on remarks various subjects, all interesting of to the the upbuildiug tending kingdom of God on tho earth. Spoke on silk culture, to be united and and exhorted love one another. x afTernoon was Our better attendmeeting ed than the morning; a number of the brethren spoke. Bro. John, Bishop Johnson and S. S Jones each made somo very spirited remarks, eulogizing the sisters for what they were doing. Spoke of the object and aims of tho societies anathe help they were to the Bishops in the care of the poor. Exhorted them to be full of patience and mercy. Spoke of the importance of woman and her mission. Each speaker's remarks wTere fraught with good instruction. Our Statistical report is not as full as it should be, as some of the societies failed to send in their Statistical report, taking it for granted that having sent, once there was no need of sending them again, making no allowances for removals, or deaths, or increase of numbers. Our Statistical and Financial reports are as follow6: Teachers 236; members, 1503; meetings held, 69; average attendance, 397; Church papers, 23 1; Woman's Exponent, 85; total receipts for the quarter, $658 9S; disbursementspoor, $382 49; Temple, $108.45; building, $99.35; missioniry, $17.80; books, $2 15; emigration, $6.75; silk, $50; homo industries, $77 78; sundries, $3.90; P. E. Fund, $12; cash on hand, $211.68; property on hand)$6,22I.9b,j wheat on hand, 1435 bu. D-You- ng the-sister- " s .' 2 ib. ; .... T. Smoot, Pres't. Caroline Daniels, Sec'y. Margaret Woods Cross Da-vi- s Co. Editor Exponent: Believing that you have a great interest in Relief Societies and all organizations for the progression of the kingdom of God, wo thought a brief notice of our Relief Society-woulnot be unwelcome to you. We were organized on the 1st. of Febuary 1873. We are very few in number, but united and desire to do all the good we can for the furtherance of the work in which we are engaged. We have labored under many disadvaniages, having had no convenient meeting house; and a great part of the time we had no meeting on account of so much sickness. But we feel hopeful for the future welfare of our society. We have raado several quilts which we desire to sell for the benefit of our new meeting house. Wo have also made a commencement to lay up grain, having on hand 49, bushels of wheat. On the Anniversary of our organization the 1st. of Febuary we held asocial picnic party for the society to which the brethren were d invited. We had an enjoyable time. Addresses were given by several of the brethren also songs and recitations. In the evening wo were joined by the young folks in. a dance which passed off merrily. Ever praying for tho welfare and prosperity of all the societies, and, the cause of Zion we subscribe ourselves. Your wrell wisher.. Susan Grant Pres. LucY'D. Muir Sec'y. Hyrum Cacum Co. Editor Exponent. It is some time since you received any communloiition from us and as our dear Bister N. M. Nielson our Sec'y had been confined to her homo five" months -- 