WO MAN 8 1 through sickness, I have deemed it proper to write to you,and say we are still laboring for the welfare of Zion; and tho good of those of oiir sick, aged and poor who look to us for aid and comfort. On Saturday and Sunday Feb. 14, and 15, a two days Conference was held in this Ward. Th.e Relief, Young Ladie3 and Primary Associations were reported. The Relief Society had since commencing the Logan Temple donated $510,00 towards its erection. Bishop Liljenquist and tho visiting brettu ren spoke of our labors in terms that were very gatifying and encouraging to us. Our sisters are united with me, and since our organization there never was a time when we were more united, or a better feeling existed among us. The teachers are very active and are doing a good work. Sister Lucy Wilson has charge of the Primary Association which have their meetings every Saturday after-- noon. : Harriet Psborn President over the Y. L. I. A. they meet in joint session every Mi33 Saturday evening with the Young Men, and these meetings have become so interesting, that our public Hall is crowded to overflowing, and a great and good work is being done among the youth. We are one with our sisters "in looking forward to the time when the women of Utah will nQt only vote, but be eligible to office, . We intend on our twelfth Annual meeting in May next to present a full and statement showing what we have done since our organization. It is our intention to invito our Sisters from Salt Lake Cfty to meet with us, having profited so many times by their society and counsels. Please accept my kind regards to yourself, Sisters E. R. Snow, Z. D Young and all who are laboring in the good work. Your sister in the Gospel. CllMsTINA LlLJESUUiST. Feb. 19, 1880. com-pletefinanc- ial f PIPSEY PAPERS NO. 11. A good book is to the mind what whole, some food U to the body, it strengthen life and gives food for reflection. This may not bo "original," but it is true. Starving tho mind dwarfs tho intelligence aud narrows the capacity for enjoyment. The heart grows selfish and the burdens of lifo accumulate, not, perhaps, in numbers, but in weight. The mind is less elastic and takes more note of trifles, easier vexed and annoyed. I often hear ladies say, they cannot take periodicals for they have no time to read. That is wrong. They have no right to starve themselves in such a way. How can they do their duty as wlveu and mothers if they encaso themselves in a shell of ignorance? They may pass their live3 in labor and care, their children may be the cleanest, and their homes the neatest, or they may pass it in crimping their hair and ruffling their d rcss-es- , what matters It? These things please the eye, but they pass away, and what ro. mains? They fill the measure of their lives in a degree, andpass off, and who shall rise up to call them blessed? True, they have toiled and drudged, they have given of their strength to the uplifting of their burden; but have they given of their capacity, if they have failed to cultivate their -- intelligence? , ... How shall they learn of the .beautiful things of life If tney know nothing beyond B X P ON EN T 151 . A woman should never indulge in what is commonly called "Novel reading,' that is the course of reading which swallows irj everything in its eager grasp for excitement, to the detriment of all the higher to sit duties of life: that causes a woman ' down in the "ashes" with her breakfast dishes on the table, to read some; thrilling advontujre until the clock admonishes her the gossip of the neighborhood: and, knowing so little, how shall they impart wisdom to their children, or train them for the higher purposes of life? "How," 8iys one, "shall a woman with little children in her arm, and the duties of life pressing upon her, find time to read?" She may not read lengthy or monotonous works in a compre- hensive manner, for when tho body is weary the mind is weak, and cannot concentrate its powers to understand scientific treatises, or works of magnitude. She cannot be benefitted by that which requires profound thought or deep study. But that is no rea. sou why a woman should not read. There is plenty of readiug which is bright aud attractive. Short paragraphs or pleasant pictures of life that may call the attention, and leave pleasant impressions on the mind. Such reading rests the nerves and iuvigor ales the body. Some classes of light literature are demoralizing in their influence over the imagination. They vitiate tho taste and corrupt the minds of young people. There are, however, articles from the pens of our best writers that, although ficti. tous are true to life; "that point a moral," aud are in their nature instructive aud interesting. I am. not arguing in favor of light reading, only suggesting that some classes of light reading are beneficial. While we should uot spend our lives simply in amusement, we should uot ignore amusement entirely. How often when we sit down to rest, the mind is kept from repose by reflecting on annoyances that are past or the duties of the future: whilo if we take up some little reading that is restful and instructive to attract our attention, belt prose or poetry, truth or fiction, it gives repose to the mind, and implants iii our hearts a higher standard of life, and an ambition to reach out for that which is beautify jug and ennobling: and we aie to our labors rested and refreshed, with food for pleasant, thoughts. Our tasks seem lighter and the world looks fairer, and everything partakes of the brightness and elasticity of our hearts. There are those no doubt, having plenty of time for instructive reading, Who spend it foolishly. Who fritter away the precious moments of life which are given them for a hotter purpose, in pampering pride and frivolity. Their labors are unsatisfactory, and when age shall come upon them they will have no store of knowledgo tojiomfort their declining . years. Reading . alone should not engross our time; there are many things in practical life that demand our attention; many things necessary to study in the laws of progression. We should try to keep up with the times in which we live that we may be interesting and instructive companions to our young people. In that way wo can best get an influence over their irinds to uard them from the follies and temptatious that surround them. A mother has no right to consider her duties done when her children can attend to their personal wants. She must cultivate her mind that she may be enabled to lead them on, lest they, in their "higher education," go out of her depth and elude her that it is time topreparo dinner.. She must finish just one more thrilling episode, and at last lajsdown her book,with head aching and 'nerved all in disorder, to look arround at her more disordered house: manages to get on the table an unappetizing, unsatisfactory dinner by the time her husband cornea from his wark.and, perhaps, to avoid or ill nature in him excuses on herself the plea of headache. Such reading is demoralizing, and far worso than fault-findin- g none. Let then, avoid extremes and take a medium cours . Work a little faster, perhaps, to gain time to learn the current events of the day, or watch the rise and progress of nations, and learn what is going on in the great world around us. Sub. scribe for a few choice periodicals, if our means will admit of it. Buy a few good books and read them. Sketches of history, Biography, Travels and other standard works, not forgetting the Bible and Church work shoultf. fill a corner of every home, and bo mo3t carefully studied. U3, Maky. AN ADDRESS. -- grasp. To do th'13 is necessary to mingle somewhat in society; that she may know what kind of company hef children are keeping, and how to regulate their manners and habits. She should take pains tohave her mind well informed that she may be able to instruct and entertain them. It will give them a higher estimate ofiheir parents in a social point'of view, and lead thera to more .harmonious relations in life. WKITTEN FOR THE JOINT MEETING OF Y. L. AND Y. M. M, I. A. OF BLOOMINGTON, IDAHO, JAN. 5, 1880. Woman's Rights, or Woman's Question, is now assuming extensive proportions, and should continue to expand until woman's power is felt In every department of life. Vrkii o nahap Kitf ttah tftwl fvinnnt v"uuvsv fatraw tin u pajui iiuv Jf VJ UUU KM the subject presented in its different phases, occasionally you will find a man who has independence and good judgment sufficient to defend our position and advocate our luaiuin, huiib uaiu yuu win unu a ciass oi men who secretly admire a woman who has intelligence aud independence enough to maintain and contend for her rights, but fear we might perad venture try to usurp their rights or that we were stepping just a little out of our sphere, thus preventing them from defending our position and claims. There is still another class of men who come out quite fierce, and rabid against Woraau's Rights. This class have wonderful imaginations, and picture in the most glowing colors a home neglected children running around with unkempt hair, stockings abbreviated, or as some would call it a footl ess stocking without a leg, as the eon. sequences or results of a woman daring to think, or allowing her mind to soar higher than the roof of her own, house. But this is going to the extreme, as even men often allow themselves to go. Now, the first closs mentioned wo appreciate, owing to lhet scarcity of such. To the second class of men wo would say, bo bold, come to the front, as it Is not tiur intention jtoUry to eclipse, or to usurp your rights, hut simply to hold and claim our own.vJJio 'third class' of men wo would di?abuse of some of their erroneous views, letting them know ttiat we do not purpose to enter into any subject, or enterprise, to. the disregard of home comfort, or to the discomfort of husbands and children. We claim thai, woman can exercko her 