PFOPLB'S CONVEN TERRITORIAL TION. Territoral Headquarters People's Committee. Central Sal? Lake City July A People's 28, 1880. Territorial Convention, composed is hereof delegates from the several counties, convene at the City Hall, Salt Lake City, on Thursday, October 7th, 1880, at 6. P. M., to nominate a candidate for Delegate Congress, and to transact to the Forty-sevent- h such other business as may properly come before the convention. The convention will consist of seventy-thre- e delegates, apportioned as follows, based upon the population as determined by the census of by called to 1880: no. no. County. County. .. Beaver.... Cache 2 Box Elder... 6 Davis. 1 Emery ... Juab.. Millard Piute. Salt Laka Iron. 2 2 2 Kana . 2 Morgan 1 3 3 Kieh ......16 San - Juan 1 Sevier Sanpete Summit Uintah Wasatch; 2 2 2 Toeele 1 1 Utah Washington Weber. 1 1 living. Ex. Into the Royal Academy reeeption walked a tallish lady, slender, with delightfully fuzzy, ruddy hair, great and gray, 9 LETTER. The central committees of the respective counties and citizens generally who support the People's Ticket, are requested to take the initiative in their several counties in calling the necessary preliminary meetings for carrying into effect the pbject of this call; that a full and proper representation of the people may be secured in the convention; also to see that all persons who sustain the People's ticket are properly registered, as under the law no person ' not registered can rote;, and use all legitimate " means to secure to the candidate- - chosen, by the convention as delegate the entire support of the voters of the People's Ticket. By order of the committee. John Sharp Chairman. Theodore McKean, Sec'y. NOTES AND NEWS. How many of strangers to her personally, but witnesses her magnetic power upon the stage, will "drop for her the silent tear." A grand, lovely, beautiful woman, of commanding presence and exquisite grace. Her interpretation of and the muse of Shakespeare, in her life-lik-e vivid impersonations of Juliet, Imogene and Rosalind, were indeed the fulness and comMiss Neilson was pleteness of representation. endowed with gifts beyond her contemporaries we were going to say beyond herself. She held the audience entranced whenever she apher peared. She was a queen of queens in m the profession, and right royally she reigned hearts of the admirers of the histrionic art; her audience never lost a tone of her melodious voice, but watched for the words which fell from her beautiful lifs with as much eagerness as if they had been strings of pearls. She took one back in fancy to the realms which his Shakespeare so exquisitely portrayed with livimmortal pen. We see his characters as ing, breathing forms, and the old churches, castles, forests, bowers, and all the' vivid pictures rise before us in their majesty and fitness. Edmund Kirke, in bis life of Gen. Garfield, says his driving Humphrey Marshall but of Kentucky was the most remarkable campaign that occurred during the war of the rebellion. Pres. Lincoln's opinion about it empbasizes the lesson of the General's life. "Why," said be to a distinguished army officer who chanced to 1 right to those; who do right according to the best light they have. is Hold me in your heart, still reserve me a spot whereon I can speak in the Exponent if only "Poets' corner" and accept every good wish for your prosperity in "Church and State,". From your friend, Hannah T. Kino. Salt Lake City, Aug. 24, 1880. THE BRIGHAM YOUNG ACADEMY. continued. As an illustration, the parable of "the five wise and five foolish virgins" is related. The teacher asks, "Who will volunteer to repeat this parable?" Immediately the little hands of perhaps a dozen children are raised, with eager delight at the distinction shown them. The one selected (invariably the first to volunteer) will repeat, with perhaps faultless precision, the words of this beautiful story. Nothing is arbitrary, all are left to act according to their conception of right and wrong; and with pleasure the teacher can see the gradual development of the moral and intellectual capacities of the human mind as comprehended in the A half hour of such instruction, together with the customary rontine of reading, dictation, arithmetic and 'writing, (the two lost named branches being- tuSht upon improved method ihat never fail to give satisfaction, and are made specialities of) is given twice a week. Tuition in drawing, singing and object-lessois given once a weekas also in hvgiene, thus giving the little ones an idea of the importance of preserving their health, and by what means it can best be accomplished. Thus the monotonous routine of school life is done away with at our Academy, and instead of a feeling of repugnance, the little darlings are possessed with so keen a relish for learning that r child-studen- t. 2 73 is dead. solemn-lookin- g eyes sending forth serious glances from under the ruddy hair, tangled very far over the forehead. She was what Mr. Whistler would call a "symphony in yellow." Her satin gown with its long train was of lemon color; the front thereof was us of lemons candied into a sparkling condition, and the sleeves were of woven hair, attached here and there with sashes, or belts, or girdles stolen from the morning mist. Necklacewise hung jonquils, and diamonds4 glittered here and there. It was Mile. Bernhardt, who seemed not at all interested in the brilliant company, hut very much in the pictures, especially in, Mr. Millais's portrait of Mr. Bright. The Watchman. .6 Total Adelaide Neilson be with him, "why did Garfield in two weeks do what would have taken one of your regular folks two months to accomp&'-Becaus- e he was not educated at West Point," laughingly answered the West Pointer. "No," said Mr. Lincoln, "that isn't the reason. It is because when he was a boy he had to work for a Editor Exponent: - Dear Friend I sit down, as it were mechanically, to write an article for our dear little paper, but you know how prostrated I have been of late, and still feel the effects, so I at once succumbed to the feeling of inertia and inability! I decided to simmer down my writing proclivities into a letteret to yourself, that you might know my heart is on the right side with regard to you and the paper. I will give you a synopsis of how time passed with me while sitting day after - day alone. Alone, but not forgotten; my friends were Hovering around me all the time, bringing me anvthing they thought would do me good, mentally and physically, and help restore me; and I pondered how much of the beautiful and angelic is unknown till we stand in need! then we are made to know our friends, made to love them with a them deeper love, made to know and appreciate more than ever. Verily, "there is a silver linsickness and afflicing to every cloud," which tion develop and demonstrate. I have so often on the repeated my own lines Angels still are and I Earth! Yes, that is beautiful truth! few last the within it have again experienced weeks. One thing my illness caused which I shall ever regret I was not able to walk and Jubilee! I could see the great Twenty-Fourt- h not have walked a block; I was almost the locked up all the only one left in our street. I lower doors, and took my position at my upper room window, heard the murmur of the mighty cavalcade and the martial strains of the band, enand my mind ran into strains of its own, event. A calm gendered by the day and the stole over me I was alone with God and the sweet influence m the angels, for I felt their window. All very air I inhaled jVom my open and the was sweet peace around me the past and so, while present were vividly before me, thousands were gazing on that thrilling prowas ranging the field cession, that lone woman without one of thoughtenjoying and rejoicing morning, regret on that be to remembered, ever a day Tnlv 24 1880 our Church of latter-da- y of Jubilee the first little Sainte upon the earth! How How little know of this wonderful people!determined to here the people who have come who or what we live with us; know or realize how little Alas! ar or why we are here!ourselves. How true is know of "The Kingdom scripture that says, observation;" but al of God Cometh not with never-to-be-forejott- tKcfat en ns nothing less than some extraordinary tempta- tion could induce them to absent themselves . .... from the school room. We will leave the Primary department and in proceed to the Intermediate. This is a step note advance, for here the scholars have their books before them, in which they write a few words now and then, listening with attentive ears and eager looks to their teacher, whose ideas treasured every expression is noted and with this by the little ones. We will begin referdepartment, as we did with the last, by ring to its theological class. Here, also, the Book of Mormon and Bible are the principal Thurs-an- d exercises the former on Mondays and the latter on Tuesdays and Fridays; from these books the lecture or lesson being given, which is simplified according to the underand standing of the pupils. The principles will incidents are dwelt upon in a manner that reach the comprehension of all, each child bem ing given the privilege of asking questions A glance relation to the subject before them. much how tell at their note books will quickly see a shall has been learned. For instance, we Lehi and his taken map showing the course from by Palestine, their family while journeying the prinlanding in South America, etc., etc.; and cipal settlements formed by the Nephites which of all the strongholds of the Lamanitesr show that these little boys and arls are gainin gelation ing understanding and knowledge and to Church doctrine and history, moral and receiving information of a highly of information religious character an amount limited stock too that is far in advance of the Saints. of Latter-dapossessed by the majority y To be Continued. in S. J Assertionand Each Primary statistical to send tajndal report ire-quest- ed to Mrs. Ellen C. S. Clawson, Sisters' Conference, Sept. 21, lbao. for the 