? EXPONENT. THE; WOMAN'S on the mountains was very peculiar and the : heavens were indeed resplendent. The scene f was indeed a romantiQ one, and must be full to tno experienced ecleniist? and in- deed to ail who appreciate the relative positions " and " and movements of the heavenly their5 upon feach other and thlBlprIiicJplei, that fipvern" cohtjot ?jid guQ1thenif JJ ' ' ' . ' tlens, but she considered they met a want that was "not filled In the Sanday Schools. In these meetings tbe;very young, cptjld exprees themselves to each other, he .little ones feeling that these were their oyrn jneetings. The Interest In them was, constantly increasing as they be- 4 bf-Intere- st s' sendonthIy,! in Salt Like 3ty, ' Utah. Terms: Crae copy one year, 12.00; one copy she months,-1.00- . ; Ten copies or the: price of nine, I Adrertlilng rates: Each square, ten ioe nonpareU space, ne. per monin, $3.w. a uuerai aiaeount w r time, .j regular adTertleeris. :h Pablisbed if nuf TtRwi T a... Assembly Hall, in this city, January 3rd, 18S0, at 7 o'clock p.- m., a meeting: of Relief Societies, Mutual Improvement 'As- sociations, Sunday Schoota and lrimaryvA880 At the Salt Lake 4 t Trr v n .m South Temple SUeeU;; Easiness r hoars to 5 p.M every day except Sunday. a.m. from .. . Address all business communications to nouee," 10 Publisher Woxax's .... Extosxvt, SaifUkeGto .Mi SALT. LAKE ; CJY, JAN t f - 880. 15, . r! : tl, ciatldns of this Stake' convened. There were present on the stand: Pres. : John , Tajlor'and Elder Jofeeph F. Smith, of- the Twelve Apostles, Elders Angus M. Cannon, Joseph EJ Taylor and David O Calder, the Presidency of iHifl Stake! Of the Relief Societyj . f. 1 t ? W-W- i. - !dies' ? efl-e- M.:Jfsabella r Hirrney her bounseldr8Tilmiha L. Taylor, and areptar. Hey wood, Elizibth Howard, 7 Secretaryv and Wells? Mrs; M. A. Freeze, Presldenbfihe-LMTI; A:7and LouleiFelt; hfer First i -- ABOUT THE LADIES' PETITION. lrsE. Counsel-orlJuntus- will.be surprised to see that the ladies bave presorted a petition ioA to. prefeut legislature-- of Utah, praying the passage of a billAor.Bome . 1 111 I 1 41 Ll.L win i enactment wuicu jouiuvulub uostacie new : in the way of - women holding any; office of. emolument or trust id the Territory. Suffice to eay, that ever Blncejthe defeat of a similar till before the of, the Legislative -- -- last-iessio- As-Bexnbl- Cctf'Y'l H. Felt, Pf efciilent pf Salt Lake" M. I. A , his Coun8elerg( jolxn W. Taylor and George C. Lambert, and Heer J, jQrant, Secre. tary. ; Elder George ..Goddardj upintendep of Sunday Schools and his Counse lot a"Riders'." ; WmWillUaDdSamuerij y) it has been under contemplation. The . ladies of Beaver, without bihg aware oi any movement of the kind in Salt Lake City, got ' titiota'which we shall publish . up a similar in: on mex t Issue Ft he Trt&i it! on is n umerobslv rd-'- l. Bfjgned; "trr, ... V- - f- ; .. ,1 , , , ' ; ',. thai we shallli patuB oi vu leiriinry on mis " subject.w It la'a matter, that concerns all," And tUs ladies wiU'watch w interest the! l action of members oq this aubje jt of 1 ineorgiarhBso sdhicrip-' tions were limited t0'25 cents martyred byiajno 'of that-all-each; ' who desired might contribute; and was 'not limited to members of these Associations. : t ' Mrs. Elizabeth Howard read the report of" the Relief So3ielies of the Stake' for the lfquaf-f-- ter, :;z Mrs. &1. 1. Home made a brief verbal: report of the condition of tho Societies and the !mani-felmprovoment which had been made and. was still in progress through hese Institutions. Though the results of the labors of socU ties sern- -' ed small, y et they were using a quiet, but powerful inQuence. for the elevation and enlightenment of thQ sistors, besides rellv-in- g j.be poor,, admlnVsteriug to the sick and comforting the. sorrowful. Considered it very: impoxtint that motfeers.shduld study.the, prin-- : ciples of the gospel and :apply thum la their-owlives that they might be qualified to raise, children that would prova a source j of :joy .to them and'a credit to the cause.' She felt thankful for the organizations and had seen great benefits already derived from the Societies,' and knew that the ?arkT6f the sisters was a" very i: tv ' important;onewj n:i Mrs- - AL A. Freeze read the report of the Y1 L. M, I. A. for the Quarter and, gave'a vtfbal report, riald they .taught the y oui?g .iadies" to resjpect. and honor the priesthood, and prepare! thimselveVforpo ipg to establish the Kingdom of God. She felt they were a great blessing to the daughters of Zion. ; .. .:, : Mrs. E, B. s Wells represented ..the Pxi. -, ; on Sunday afternoon hundreds were obliged to leave as there was not even stabdlbg .room, - ed - ra yg The Total Eclipse iev-ertbele- ea, :.. A good spirit prevailed throughout the Conference, which continued two days, and .much general instruction and counsel was given to, the people for. their comfort and guidance, .' r. We learn through the; Veteret New and 'JSaU Lake Herald that Susa.Yodng and rJacob' P. Gates were united in martitge on- the 5th of January,5 1833; and that the ceremony was by President John D. T. McAllister in the Temple at St. George; The lady Is h daugtiteir of the late President You n,g and has been an occasional contributor to our paper. We wish the' 'yourig ;couple "all the blessings Which result from a' union of the 'aQvctlon8and trust thejir future.life may be a serene'aLd plea sant one VV hope tho iadj will continue to exercUe'her literary and muUearcapa-bllitle' per-form- r , . -- T st this Stake "of Lake Assembly1 10 Hall, o'clock a. nt., January 3d, lBSOPresi-.- ' dnt Angus M. Cannon presiding. There was a very large attendance of the authorities of the Church and local ' officers , ot the - Stake j Bishops and others.. The housewas filled, and ConferenceZlon convened in the1; Bait i. Meeting openodfWith singing and prayer, Elder J oseph H. 'Felt read a report of the yf M- - Lj A. of theBtake foriha quarter, and made 'v Borne general remarks on Pte 8ubject, 'statihgi that there were thirty-six'these associations in the Stake, all moving ,Tho were how collecting money for superintenderits the purpose of erecting ia rnonument vta .the memory of .Eider Joseph Standing,' who: was , Tiie Quatterly - . As we haTe'ntBpJcar tasay much on this : subject no,' we will give- the. sisters a little time to think, ahd " hopebyitbe next issue 1 tueiuiu uiuereuu F.- Welia; I Pre8l6j6hi: knfc jdse A. a . s. the sun on Suuday, Was January llth, extremely interesting. It took place shortly after 3 o'clock p.m , but only lasted a few seconds, while visib!e tho jet was most charming upon the sky and snowy scenery. The color of the reflection hp of; ef-fe- ct ; came better understood.; Too much could not bo done for the young In- the right direction, and early impressions were the most la3tlng; but though these associations would accomplish much good, yet the great labor of training the children in the fear of the lirdffie foundation must be laid by tho :moitKer.xi liisr teachlos: and example devolved great res ponsibility. Superintendent George Goddard gave a verbal report of the Sunday Schools, said there were 35 Sunday Schools in thissiJtake, with .5,000 names enrolled, and ah average attendance of 4,000. The object war similar Jo that of the other associations that had been represented, to teach the young to honor elpict, and obey the laws and commandment of God. T ' Spoke of the efforts being made to ip trod uce pur own Church books for thW use of the schooTs', Spoke of the difficulty of obtaining experienced teachers who would he punctual in attending. Prest. Taylor said he felt gratified with the reports.The Relief Societies had done a great deal of good In relieving the needy Wd .visiting the sick. The sisters were better adapted to certain cases tbanetf vfa been in bless defatigable iq theiriabrs, and jejgcq wageltiem, They ould iekrtd act in harmony wi th the Priesthood , con ferring and counseling with the brethren in the performance of their labors in the midst of the Saints. The other Associations that had been re- ported were also doing a good work in teaching the y eung to avoid error andlearn the principles of.truth ahd virtue. He' feH to encourage them, to inform themselves on all. principles that would elevate them and Increase their faith In God. Not in the enlightenment that would lead them to deny the existence .of a God. Alluded to the pleasant and commodious hall In which they were then congregated lder Junius F.Wells spoke upon' the condl-ttof the 'Associations; the marked improve-merthat had been made, and the great number of the young people who were gifted with literary ?abUity which developed by having Manuscript papers pubiiahed In their reppectiye Assoslations as 'well as the Cbnfn6u for, the organ of theee Associations; .thought a little, practice would tbem tp handle almdst . any inbj ect In ;.a: cri taole manner. Referred to the experience.it gave to the yeung Elders previous to their going put" upon mis Btons, ana many other, points of special inter- i : sc-cal- led y- - : oh it ( enV 1 4 t6t . . . .:: . Dismissed :with fiv i( jl: Eder Joseph F. Smith. 'M fit i a i 4 ;.u; .Binedlqtion by . , ! 1 . mary Associations as : tbtre waa no general Stake organization as ye iifcha stated there were twenty-thre- e of these associations. was There quite a full attendance at the roeeV were held weekly, at which which ings they tDjoyed an excellent spirit.- - Some persons could not yet so thanece33lfy df these aabcU . , The hlennial eesslon oC Ue 'legislative As; emblybf Utah Territo'iy, convened at the City Jau. 12, at Z O'OIOCk. t - ; , f uJHouse called to order by A. S tayner, clerk of tb last Hops?. : Loilp Farr Vaa eUcd Sp?K er pro .tern., A. Stayner, Clerk p;o temj and E. Griffith, doorkeeper pro tem.fe Me Fisher, Sharp and Murdock were appointeil a com mittee on credentials and. returned' the following list.of membenr holding credentials: i' John , Murdock, Oliver G. Snowt WIB. Pieiton, Archibald McKerifcoui Samuel Fran- CiS. John Fiahar' Tosoa JJ: Umith ' Innl HfArflr J); J Orson . Trff rtobnsonJrDanieTThompsohi ..1t-t enrose, onn acques, ' a aoues. W TTT T- -. r.-- j j obarp, Albert Carrington, Archibald Gardner, V?-- , 