WOMAN IS 46 LETTER FROM MASSACHUSETTS. Thornwke, Aug. 1, 18S0. Mrs. E. B. Wells: My Dear Mother I have waited long and patiently for you to answer my last letter, and although I well remember" my promise to write you something I had made up my mind not to; out my visit to Orange changed my mind, and for fear I might forget some of the scenes I visited in New Salem, 1 will give tb,em to you now. All those places that are dear to your heart as the home of your childhood, possessed too, a strong interest for me. I have visited as many of them as my time allowed. The little sehoolhouse on Chestnut Hill, where first you trained theyouthful mind, is torn down, and another and smarter one built across the road, to accommodate the growing wants of the village, but the foundation stones and some of the boards are still to be seen, and the brook close by still rushes on and on. As we rode along the beautiful woodland drive, many farmhouses and different places were pointed out to me, that were, and still are, dear to your remembrance. Among them the house where you boarded when you taugh t in the little red school-housThe yard is full of flowers, and an old grindstone and bench otand in the front yard, that I think must be the same ones that graced itwrhen you were familiar .with the place; I am sure the same old well, with its long weep and wooden bucket, is still in use. I wanteu 4a go jn and see if the floors were sanded !f 1 tyUft- hearat-- t say they were of old, but tlu?..1lttlt reminded toTSd9 folks whp VT&dow me that theiold there thirty-fiv- e years ago, when you loarded with them, not the same who now occupied the premises, so I rwstrftinpd mv fiurinnitv nrw.l lrnv'n nct Grandma Haskell's home, which is nicely kept upJ I" think, considering its age. Poor old to think what a home she left here, and oflady! her life and death in the Far West, seems very sad to me, and must have been a great to her. Next was T)r. AnrlrrnvH vnnr r.change fomiiw doctor. HiC a&tt, fit: jfather eneof .them . res i d es nam. And the nfoc1VArM-fil.nrKtvircr tbr Then we came ta:tfr flthU very beautiful; I couldn't help but wonder whether the present occupant of the premises ver allowed visitors more than a look in her parlors, unless they came from Boston. I gazed ud at the earret windows, and almost expected to see some little girl with a rag baby in her arms gazing out at us. I remember so Well what you have so often told us, how you played there with one of the Whit taker girls, in that very garret, with broken dishes, and dolls. X think the country round about here must be much as it was when you left it, except that places have some of them run down that were well kept in those days. The church you wed to attend is still standing, and in state of ueo in not at but the preservation, present time; and across the road from it is the schoolhouse where you used to go to school, still and is still used for the same purpose,standing, with all the original furniture. Here I got ou t and looked in: I wanted to see the very seat you occupied when you formed those ambitious projects to become a literary lady, for 1 certainly suppose it was there, in early girlhood, such ideas were formed. The master's desk remains intact. Do you remember it? And the queer little wood stove in the center of the room, with desks and seats on all sidesquaint of it thefthe desks) are notched thick with names' I wondered if any of them would be I .think so. It seemed to mo a sacred spot, I stood on the old play where you had often played, perhapsground even' romped-i- n girlish glee, and tears started to my eves! in spite of me.; A little further on stands the house where Uncle H. was born, and your Art t home in Salem. It is old, and gray, and vacant, at present, but the sweet fragrance of Sinks and sweet Williams and all sorts of old flowers, filled the air as we rode by. The tree is grown large and Juniper that stands at the front of the house;beautiful, 4id Aunt it was only a little one when you went "away or to?'our Siloed .jhn?eXt,fWemf of it, for the house whichhome, I have heard you say was a century old when lived EJ PON ENT. spect, as you have done many times m years gone by. The brook where you used to go and bathe your face, and listen to its ripple, and talk to yourself, and where my uncles fished for trout when little boys, still dances along in the sunlight, as bright and happy, to all appearances, as though there were no changes or sorrows in this world; its banks are lined with the softest, greenest moss, and ferns grow there in wild pro--si on. I plucked a few for you, little mother. The hemlock grove just beyond is as romantic as when you sat under the graceful, sweeping boughs .of those old trees, and the perfume is fresh. just as old well next called my attention, and I The to draw a bucket of water and of course, had, drink from it. The neighbors still use it and Aunt Pallas and Delia both said it was wonder- fully sweet and cool; it tasted better to me than any nectar. Dear Ma,' I'll try and remember to tell you all Start home toyou want to know. to kisses and all. I wrote Aunt morrow. Love Lucy by this mail; have heard the sad intelligence of cousin Carrie's death. Lovingly, Mell. e. old-fashion- ed - .o ; t SERICULTURE. Quite an interest has been manifested in the Third Ward in Ogden City in the especially in raising coejpons. We have raised from eight to ten pounds of cocoons this summer and have sold worms to different wards in the country, and we have thousands of eggs on hand for next Spring. We have the books treating on silk culture. , Ve have only commenced this summer jn a small way, but we have with the blessing of Goa mad it a success. I am deeply interested in this ' enterprise and always feel it my duty to respond to every call that is made upon me in the Church and kingdom of God. W would be glad to receive information from the sis ters,rhieU they mayany be in posession of in regard Xo this useful anoT pron table homo silk-raisin- g, jnaustry. Mary ITtmiaSiyifcii rosy-cneeK- old-fashion- ed ed recogniza-Dlfl.by,yO- U. -- Sl'Snl you fallen down and gone to 4". udc the' &ade of ff0n,t tree'.that yur dea" mother planted which, is now larce and r thm.r the same beautiful hilli covft w th vTdure ' of. every shade of green,' adJkvcly every ! CV Gill. selves: "How dare I put pure white on, and try thereby to deceive Hlmf garments when know that He can see our most secret thought! and know that we have neglected to try to his commands, can we? Can we put palmar? victory in our hands, when we have gained nn victory ,not even in the smallest thing?" o what a terrible feeling this would be. How would we dare to enter into His presence? Would we not fear being cast out? But if we had tried our best tto keep all his commandments, would not our hearts abound with joy and praise to God for determined will to do our duties, when they were plain, and our consciences were as pure as our garments. Some may saylWhat is the use' We cannot be perfected iin this life, any way.' The careless always have an excuse for every-thingj but when we stand at the gates of death we will see it in another light, instinctively: we will then wish with all our hearts that we had done better in everything, for according to our works we will be judged. Well, then, my dear, beloved sisters, let ua, each and every one, through this our "year of jubilee, " make up our minds to take hold, with energy and diligence, of every commandment, and try our best to please our Heavenly Father in everything. Yes! even in all our thoughts, words and deeds, that we may set an example worthy of imitation for the young and rising generation; that we may not see them rise up against us in a day to come and say,'"Had not your bad example been before me I might hare been saved to day, or at least been higher in glory than lam." Oh how much depends upon our determination of will, for if we only, make up our minds to be master over ourselves jn this one thing, the Lord will give us abundance of strength to carry out alj we desire to do; our future salvation dependi jupon this one small thing, determination of will to keep the commandments of God, and all that can be said in two words, Obey God, and do to others as you wish to be done unto Let us do this 'and truly ee, for better and greater things, and henceforth, that we may be worthy of the thousand years of jubilee iu the presence or the Lord is the humble prayer and desire of your sister in the J. S. V. Wennerholm. gospel, SURPRISE PARTY. August 3rd a large number of the Relief Society of .South Jordan Ward and friends of our worthy President Ann Holt assembled at her home to offer her congratulations upon her birthday in the form of a surprise party. The members of the Relief Society brought her a lew nice presents, she is a woman that we all love and respect. She will leave her bed in the dark hours of the night to go and comfort the sick,she is a very useful woman,and I pray that she may live as long as she desires, and the Lord bless her in her labors here upon the earth, is the prayer of her numerous friends. Ever pravine for the welfare of Zion. E. E. Stocking. WOMAN,S VOICE. Mt. Carmel, Kane Co., Utah, May 31, 1880. Is it a burthen or a blessing to keep the Word of W isdom, and can truthfully I pay tithing? answer for one, there is nothing that I know of that gives a greater comfort and consolation our consciences at all times than to observe to the Word of Wisdom,and to pay tithing, is most asthe suredly very road to prosperity. In fact there is not one commandment from our Heavenly Father through thegiven us Lattergreat l. Jose emith t gW satisfaction conscience if we, wlthf a and determined will embrace and practiced Why, then are we so slow to ment, that most certainly willobey commandblessings for us, not only here,but proveeat hereafter yea through all eternity. And Jd 2Xn3e httle corm'orts O, how shortnd tmcrJn it is! U ell then, let us stop for a moment and reflect ho We S3 otherTf,68some one would feelto-dayday Would us as I was once told in a dream:come and hXtS iut oryour white garments and"Make go out meet Him, the Savior is Let us 5k coming." ourselveshow would we feel? we had not even made an attempt to obey' all nundmenb,,wouW not our consciences saSteSS Would we not with a face w - If blushing eayto our- - Arizona, July llth, I8S0. Dear Sister Wells: We thought some of the many readers Exponent of the would like to know how we are ge- tting along in this far Off country, so we will try and send you a short account of our Relief Society. We are trying to do something to assist in the great work we are all engaged in. We held our Second Annual Meeting April 22nd, 1880. Our reports were all read, showing that we have accumulated during the year $63.75; disbursed during the year $34; donated to the Temple $11.50; balance in the treasury of $18.25. Our Society members number 13: teachers three. The Exponent comes to us very regular, and is read with pleasure both by the old and young, for it is a great help to us as. well as a comfort, isolated as wre are from the main body of the Church. Our meetings are very well attended; we hold our General Meetings once a month, and sewing meetings once in two weeks. Our Society has started a store on a small scale, but we bone to increase Brothers McDonald and David Kimball were here from Salt River a few weeks ago. We had a time of rejoicing, they gave u much good instruction, among the rest President McDonald advised the Relief Society to get what means they could, with the help of the brethren, and start a Store, so that we could get things cheaper than we can by all running to different stores. The health of our company is good except colds among the children, our President's daughter is very sick; she has been afflicted for years, she is so anxiohs to regain bcr health that I wish it were possible for her to have sufficient faith, but she fa in the hands of iuc xjuru, as we an are. ; Twe ieci use in all thincs bertainincr to the building:jmpxut ud of the KJngdonl of God on the earth. Praying for the welfare of all the- organizations, which helps in Zion. We remain your Sisters, ; C. Mkurill,'. Rae. . Maria - Brackett has been elected a member of the executive committee of the nationa Council of education. Anne GV 