W 0 MA N ' S Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, were Also organized a Prieach day in th Temple. St. George, with eighty-- , mary in the 4th Ward, seven members, Mrs. Julia H. Ivins President. at Saturday, 27th, went to Santa Clara, meeting at 2 p. m. met p. a. m. with the Relief Society; with the children, and organized a Primary .Association of ififty members, and returned to Sister Minerva's at St. George. Later on, from Sister Eliza R. "We went to Dee 3,)'. The Pine Valley on Friday la morning was delightful, and the beautifully variegated mountain scenery, like a panorama constantly changing, was sublimely amusing re passed on over rugged rocks and through cafi on and dell, with ever and anon a healthy accredited for my especial jolt, all of which were bene rrt.The-- Mer arrived a t Ueir des dina lion just in time to escape a snow storm, the wind blowing fiercely, while they "were before a blazing tire." The next day tliev met with the Relief Society in the foreafter-uoonoon, and organized the children" in the and had a general meeting in the evening. Next day went to Pinto; held meetings at half chilpast two and six p. in., and ojganized the F. V . precious lives le May tlu-ipreserve;, and their days of usefulness prolonged, awl the record of thoir good Uteris live r forever. S. Rich. Relief Societies of Weber Co., held on Thursreday, Dec. 0, in the Ogden Tabernacle. The port, written and verbal, Were excellent, and the spirit of the meeting encouraging. Prest. self-denial,b- Sister Phebe Wise, who died Oct. 29, 1SS0, of consumption, in Farmington, Davis Co., had been an invalid for a number of years, but her sufferings did not prevent her from rejoicing in her religion and bearing testimony of the same with her latest breath. RocpjishiI wan the wife of Thomas Wise, and the daughter of William and Sarah Ilattou, and was born at Brails, Warwickshire, Fngland, June 9, 18R, and was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints in the year 1S49, at Birmingham. Immigrated from London to Utah in liil, moved to Farmington Oct. 29 of the same year. She Teery and Coun. Herrick were present in the forenoon, and the former addressed the sisters a short time. The presence of the Rishops and brethren from the wards and settlements must be a great support and strength to Sister Richards. On Friday, the Mt'h, the Conferem e of Y. L. M. I A. was held at the same place, and on Saturday, 11th, the Primary Associations held their Stake Conference. for 1 A SURPRISE PARTY has been a faithful member of the Relief Sx'ie-- ' ty, al-- o a faithful wife and mother. We ' end these few lines for publication, to show our respect for her and her family, and to express, in our feeble way, the sincere regret of the President, Mrs. O. Leonard, and all the officers and members of the Relief Society with which she was connected. Ai'itfcj.j a S. Rouj:i.s. TOO RELIGIOUS. How often do we hear the remark such a peris too religous. We immediately k in what respect? Well, they are very tenacious upon some point ot doctrine and neglect others of more importance. Well then it is an inconsistent kind of religion; not genuine, if it was it would be called the true religion. Now. who ever heard of a man Incoming too rich? Well, of you say those who do not make a projier will We with admit be les. better would it this to be true; but is the fault in the gold or the person who posesses it? We are called Latter-daSaints. Now, when we measure ourselves by the pattern wno comes up to the mark in its fullest sense? Are we not in more danger of Using weighed in the balance and found wanting? This is "where the greatest danger lies. And in the preagain should you maki the remark not sufficient sence of children or those who have ironintelligence to kaow that you are speaking shall to say, ically; how soon do they feel me. No 1 would with of fault kind find that not prefer Messrs. Moody and Sankey's religion, It is so easy be happy. And our Father wishes his children toshall if and intends they Certainly He does is Their good covenants. reiigion they keep hjs is an excellent v. otk. much voes. It it a" is far son Wednesday, Nov. S, a number, of ladies, met friends of Mrs. Augusta Joyce at her house in the 18th Ward, for the purse or expressing their respect and regard for her, and their appreciation of her labors as Secretary of the Y. L. M. I. A. of Sail Pake Stake of Zion. After an interval of pleasant conversation, mu-hCroche-ro- n (fcc, the ladies sat down with Sister s family to a bountiful repast: after which Sister Mary A. Freeze, President of the Y. L. M. I. a. of Salt Lake Stake, presented to Sister Proeheron, in the name of the sisters present and others who were unable to attend, a handsome winter shawl, accompanying the gift with a few well chosen and happy remarks, bearing testimony to Sister Crocheroirs faithfulness in i'er official capacity, and her usefulness in the Church and in society. Sister Crocheron, who was still more surprised than sdie had been at the invasion of her home, implied with 'niiich nixl afu r a mutual On Croc-heron- c, fc-lin- 1 y Then went to Hebron, held meeting at six. Next morning organized the children, and drove to llamblin That evening assisted the brethren to organize a Relief " Society. The next day went back to St. George. By the?e few items from letters, it will be seen that these good sisters are helping to promote the interests of Zion in Southern Utah-sow- ing good see l, that will bear rich fruit in yean to come. They have no leisure there more than here, every moment, save what is needful noble work to for sleep, is employed in a-- u.--e y -- l.e-cau- tocometo-Cbristnndbesad.- " like that of Mroses. The Apostle Paul say that uie law ot Moses was a schoolmaster to bring us to Christ. But when brought there is there nothing to do? Yes, before you can. enter the Kingdom you must repent aud be baptised. This was what He commanded the Apostles to preach and then teach them to observe all things what-- ' soever 1 have commanded them. And what are they? You will find them in the 5th, 6th, and 7th, chapters of St. Mathew,Chri8t's Sermon on the Mount. This is the highest law. It must U people of intelligence who can appreciate its rules. - .People of smal minds will do best in the first school. For instance if a man steals your coat you must give him your cloak also. Well, tays the small mind "I have made much by stealing I will try it again and by so doing heap up wealth.'' le has not intelligence enough to be ashamed. Accordingly is not lit for the higher grade of education. He cannot enter the kingdom of our Father unless he repents and forsakes his sin. When this is done and he begins to keep the higher l.iw, he will have more intelligence given as he studies its principles; for our Father is the head or fountain of all intelligence. And He gives to whom He will. Who ever kept those laws and did not feel blessed with greater light and joy and peace and intelligence? If we can keep them all we shall be heirs and joint heirs with Jesus Christ. If we keep a few we are blessed in proportion. Then do not be afraid of becoming too religious; rather fear that it is not genuine and drop an idle word which will spring up a bitter weed, or that we are like the fruit which at present has grown to a good size, but at the core we find a worm. Now for the sake of our young people let us be wise, aud teach sound doctrine both by precept and example Tiere are some rigid rules to we gain strength observe, sic i as Also we make. eflbrt light and intelligevery ence um tbe subject we are studying to solve. Resides dignity of character because we are better acquainted with self, and our own strength. So much so that welwill not fail to ask help from the fountain, of our Fathea iu heaven who never fails on his part when it is for our beat good. Then do not fear becoming too religious, but rather fear that we do not come up to the pat tern, since we have the name of Latter-da- y . Deceased was horn in KaneviJleT Pottawattamie Co., Iowa; Sept. 10, 1818. She was a loving daughter, a kind friend and a faithful Latter-daSaint. She leaves a father and mother, brothers and sisters, and numerou friends to mourn her loss. She was a very great sufferer, yet anxious to live to do good. She was Treasurer in our Relief Society for nearly four years, "until slie was obliged to resign on account of her failing strength. Slie was one of the very best women I ever knew. One of the very few who have no enemies. All who knew her loved her. Amiable, patient and gentle to all, it is in sorrow I try to Write these few lines. Miss Merrill never saw a well day for over twenty years. She was the daughter of the President of our Relief Society, and we deeply sympathize with the bereaved mother and relatives of our dear sister who has gone. She rests in peace, where there is no more pain nor sorrow, but the remembrance of her virtues will live in our hearts while time shall last. .Maria McRai:. d ard, we attended the 'Stake Conference of the R. FKIUil'SjN. I))kd3 of asthma, November 14, lSSD,at St. David, Pima Co., Arizona;" Melissa Jane Merrill, daughter of P. C. aud Cyrena Dustin Mer-rih- dren next morning. Jane 109 OBITUARY. u, By cordial invitation of Sister . hours pleasantly and profitably. . benefit and bless. T interchange of good wishes the meeting adjourned, all declaring that they had spent a few tion. en-s-oace- EXPO NEN ut Saint. M. E. Nov. 20th, 18S0. Kimball. A STRANGER'S SENTIMENTS. Madam, I am not one of your brethren but when i tell you L am interested in all the efforts made by any church or people, to help such as want help, that I do not discriminate against Mormons any more than Catholics, orany other church or ieople,I think you will not refuse space In vour columns for a few plain spoken thoughts. Nov you see I have been noticing that Relief Society of yours a iJ I like your philanthropic Sisters too, but arrangement, I like the Catholic I am not going to t ay any thing about them they pave a good time to what you do, their church has not had such a hard time in the world of late, and can do a great deal to help their women along in a good work. been Rut here is what I've thinkingsuppose some of your rich men were to join and buy a lot of Jaud put it in a condition to be tenanted and worked bv a little neighborhood of folks that are now in the market place idle, because like that other man we read of in the Bible no mana hires them Now if these rich men would put with good foremen there too, a s few children might be cared for that school house would it not help your society and all that v There, in wonderful! looking after the poor. u was who woman a to you say can go now and get work. To the lady that makes nice little ornaments, (lowers of all kinds &( , there is work. The men who own this place will py you. The little girls can knit,sew rags, make tidies and boys can help in the shops; learn trades, work on the farms instead of and becombeing round the streets in idleness of the wicked. vicious ways ing schooled iu the cost Magistrates, policemen, laayersand jails of a care to take money. U costs more money furnish to take would practised rascal than it in- nine cases schooling aud work for a boy, and a scamp becomes out of ten, the idle street boy that know I to be provided for by taxation. just a little such If your rich men would establish in U tah, town, if it was needed in every County as well as mercy in be money tint i there would so much bcU-ivin giving chanty to ii ,l,,irt work-shop- astraw-braider,yo- - e 