1X7 ' ' ,electio'n'w;.'i'j'; The fifass ConventionVas a ? ,yA held In the Court House Dec. 20, at 12 M., and A; Hi Baielgh elected Chairman, Aurelius Miner, Secretary i Mrs. Er B. Wells, Assistant. Secretary, Pres. Angus M. Cannon gpened the Convention with prayer. A motion was then made that the Chair nominate a committee of seven on nomination. The Chairman nominated as a committee Z. Snow, A. M. Cannon. . T. E. Taylor, J. Rawlins, C W. Stayner, C. W. Wilkin, A. Gardner, but forgot the ladies, who, it should be remembered; form an important element- - in this community, as whoever is elected will have a majority of women's votes. Bat by courtesy of Theo. McKean, Esq., a motion was made to increase the committee to nine and include the ladles. Accordingly, the Chairman nominated M. Isabella Home and Zina D. Young, and they Were elected members of the Committee. After the Committee retired speeches were .made by several gentlemen present, who allpoke inthe highest terms of praise of the character and labors of the deceased member, Hon. A. P. Rockwood. Mrs. S. M. Kimball being called upon made a few appropriate remarks. Some of. the gentlemen spoke very generously of women, and one in particular said he was in favor of a bill removing all the political disabilities of woman. Such men women will vote for, and the gentleman who uttered. these sentiments was the nominee, rne returned tnename of Charles W. Penrose. After the preliitfiiiary proceedings the report was adopted, the convention was adjourned Bine die. Closed with pray er by John T. Catne, Esq. up Christmas e.ve ,with those of her JUtle brothers and sisters and was fijled JwUU the choicest things of all. Kb child couid' more tenderly beloved. But 'the llttierllngys now at rest. She has gone whew loylng friends will welcome her pure spirit,' gone to her homo wun me angeis. ana in mis Bereavement. i tnose. wno mourn remember the eclous woras of the blessed vior,' 4 rJt "Suffer little chifdren to come unto me forbid them not for dtfsucnls the kJtigdpnV of Richards' parlor just imagine, if youp Has0 yourself seated near the stove, poring oyer Dr Ridge way's book entitled The Lord's Land," when on a sudden the door opened and sixty boys aud girls entered, greeting you with 'Good evenlngy' and after having beetf elcsely packed, under the direction of their respective presidents, joined their sweet' voices in singing choice selections of hymns and songs. This was followed by a variety pf exercises, recitations, answering questions, etc., and listening with rapt attention to addresses from, adults tho County Central Committee was called and convened at the City Hall, Dec 13; and it was there decided to call a Mass Convention of registered voters" of the People's Ticket, to be held in the Court House, Dec 20, to nominate a man tQ the position in the Legislature caused by the tie ath of a member after thi general ? heaven." y present.'. ,ij : !; ot The presence these joyous, faces, .bright eyes and expressive, Intelligent countenances, was thrilling in eflect and their ready answers , : . : ; : ' - : .. E..R : . Died, In the 9th Ward of this-- dty; at 2 o'clock P. M., Monday, Dec? of paralysis of the, heart Grace Groo, TVAO ViJL UOJTOUU UOIJ JVaiBftBUV jvoscBecu 5 " ''' mm mt " -- w . 'f'nhl n:riz: can. har. Died. " At Peterson, Morga Sunday, Dec. 7, 1879, Mrs, wood Pard, wife of Brother iCiCrdla Debased .was bbrri Oct. 14th, rl847,t nWlnter'Qc&rttxf, on 'the Missouri f IUver,Idwa; fvShwiiz'tk rMirjvMtk . daughter of' the lateiweir fcnown ?andhlgfify respected Mohrtl?.vIlockW dence was chiefly in athlj.ollyi where she formed a large circle, of friends, who will re- ? 'meeelvest s t'her sorrows ; 1 , many amiable qualities of heart, and her mind and (judgment Were like i that' of a mature .'woman. It is . sad indeed to part.wlth flarJoved ones, out wnen we iay inemaway pure we know that their salvation' iscsecured, and that they have escsped the many caret', trlali, and heartaches of this life; Grace ! was aware 'that death was Inevitable, and sent for her young companions and bade them a loving farewell; and: to her r father; and . mother she ea!d: MYou have5 nothing to "iegretV you have done all for me 'that youncouId.A Goodbye, I shall soon be at' rest;" Bhe has gone ' io ifoln tne many relatives ana friends" of the family with a host of Saints behind the vaih?a May God, in His Infinite 'mere and: oodneslij bless the bereaved ones and console them as He alone : f ; ,OU3 ; branches of the Relief Society in that place. Accompanied by Pres. J . S. Richards and her Stake 'Counselor, H. Brown and &" Herrick, alternately 1 visited'the branches of the B. 8. in North Ogden, Plain City, Lvnn, Marriott and Harrisvtfle; in Riverdale met with the Primary Association, and found it in a flourish-ln- g condition, under the presidency of Sister Bingham, and counselor, .In "Uintah we met with the Relief Society,' alio organized a Pri, mary Association. A good spirit was manifest in all of our meetings, and one Interesting feature in particular I wish' to mention the brethren, many of them, attended with, the sisters, manifesting, not only by their presence, which we highly appreciated, but also by expressions, that they fully realized that "the man is not without the woman, nor the woman without the; man in mo xroru," ana mat an were working far mu' tual interest. At the close of each meeting we returned to Ogden for the night, where, in two evenings; I was the honored recipient of the most gratifying and truly most interesting of all surprises. The first wax given by Sister Odell; her counselors and members ot the 3d Ward Primary w i i r """' woiti usepnino West, htr counselors and members' of the P. A. of the 2d Ward,fOden!City.' ' n You are familiar with thW size of Sister Jane : ty -- - Tbitney torithti'and yea'ri;'';-;X- v THE National .Woman Suffrage A will hold their Convention in Washington, p. C, commencing Jan. 21, at 10:30 A. M. 7 It Is expected there will be an unusual number of Mrs. E. B.Wells; On the morning of Dec 1, 1 went to Ogden City, and during two weeks spent in Weber Co.- met orice in joint session, of the four 1Z , 1 EDITORIAL NOTES. A LETTER. . 291-XS79- days. Deceased was the' beloved daugtiter of Tsaac an1 Jdary1 Ja'neVhltney 'Qr&j knd was born in the thWard of this Cjftyy Seb. 10, 18G6." She was she Sister Elizabeth' Ann Whith was greatly beloved, ind tci whom'her death Is a most severe afllictlonaa well as own parents. Grace was a terj generat-favorll- e with her reiatlinM;kti friehd .lii the Ward where she has resided since her babj hood she wss' rery greatly beloved1. She waBlndeed a lovely girl,1 earljr developed InUoraanhoed. KoToha could 166k upon herwithouta1l2lrig J3. delegates in attendance, as well as new and talented advocates of woman's enfranchisement. Entertainment twill be provided for officers of the Association,' speakers and' accredited delegates during the' sessions of. the Convention, upon applying to the rcorrespond-in- g secretary Delegates who do not Wish to accept this hospitality, may be supplied with a comfortable home at one dollar pet1 day. " All delegates are requested to report at the" Ilggs House, corner 15th ahdG. Streets, upon arrival' : Mrs. E. C. Stanton's daughter; who, graduated the last year from the Boston school of oratory, will speak (it Is expected) onbe platform at Lincoln Hall during the Convention. A! Delegate from" each section of Ihe" country will be heard before the Colhmittees-'''6itionsSfill the House and Senate, to whom be referred. iThls promise, was given the Bec- etary Airs. & Spencor' dUTln the extra 'session, even unfriendly members 'pledging ?aged 19 35S -- "Whom the gods love did jtiwr,v.i ; when interrogated gave evidence of rapid improvement. I never shall forget: those two evenings. "y:: ?t I think that of all the meetings I attended in Weber Co., the joint assemblage of the four Primary Associations; of Ogden City on Saturday afternoon; 'the 13th ult.,' sras the crowning one. It seemed a nation in embryoa multitude of germs, under efficient; loving training, for future noble manhood and wornah h bod the embodiment of purity and happiness the promise of a mighty generation. I cannot express the feelings of my heart, standing before that congregation of little folks. The scene, to be appreciated, must be witnessed. m - , member her lifea'ndi true Chrhtianr She was a'ri ictlvaavocaie 'of a 1 IN MEMdjUAUr i -- : Datllnr Winniel she ileept uotla Iho lamb, - . .' And thouf h we jmlas faertadly, jret we know' ; n She llFes, where flow'rs jnamort! erer bloom, , And nrhere there's' no more isbrr6w,'pain or woe . Our: little granddaughter, Wlnnifrtd ;Isabel died of infantile consqmption at 15 tnluutes to 3 o'clock P. IL Dec; 25, 1870, (Christmas day) in this city.I Little Winnie, as ieewaf, affectionately called was the daughter of .Major W. W. and Mrs.'3I. C. B. .Woods and wis born , Oiit 161875. She was a very beautiful child and more especially endeared to her parents naod relatives on iccou'nt of her extremely'delicate not ahticlpatel at the healthHer diith-waand to have' It transpire it wa tad very time, 'oil the day wheh all th little onesare unusually j o fiil-f- : Her owii little stocklngliad been hung a -- j thejfiomyiindwtr 7"hehn M :?ox?? enfcailtts: of that moK place she at once became a geherai favoriUi, by reason of her amiable and loVlLg disposition, 1 her devotion (o her rel'gfarr, and liergVeaV dt-Bl- and-energeti- eflorU to f ocalcate1 the5 prin- re ciples of truth Into ihelieflfts of iheyouhg!. ' : Wheri news of the death ef her late lamenU ed father reached herVshe waa herself cirious condition of health, and toUiIy-tinfltte-luVpfe. for the reception of uch sad Iniell'igence; 'and from that moment she knew no real rest until 4 A limn n . . l curred about four o'clock P. k. after tHe'pre. ' mature' birth of a Jair of twin boyty both of niuvu auu' uigu nnnnp inn- mnra w(uu UiCir nuivu it.;( . i d Vl , tM --- j- ' 