Parker, fourth daughter of John D. and Sophia Bound v Parker. aged fifteen years. Her sick ness wts supposed to ba the nault of taking cold, which settled in her eye and throat She was considered" much better, ate a hearty dinner, and within half an hour 'after her spirit had taken Its flight. Sbe wa? calm and composed through all her 6(ckn83, and was, Indeed, possessed of that sterling integrity and virtue, that really char- Ah a was a. flt hful. nUrlTnalha Walnfc loving daughter t her parents, hiod and to her brothers aod sisters, etfa i fast and trae, to her you og associate j, and beloved by all who knew her. May God, the Eternal Father, comfort her bereaved parents acd friend", and may her sisters and young ompauious erauUte her virtues, that it may als be well with them. Lauraette Is not dead, but gone bef jrej and her works do follow her. 1 jT jf-flni- 1 aflec-tloua- E. Davis te . . :" 10 O'clock Dear Editor: A. M. Mrs . of the Young - prayer, the afternoon was occupied by the Young Ladies, and Primary Associations, In reading nd giving verbal reports, which Ind icated greats m provmen t, and t ha t their Presidents and other officers were very much encouraged with present prospects. The afternoon was occupied by the Relief Societies, Mrs. Amelia Goldsbrough, presiding. The minutes of tho last quarterly conference were read and accepted, then the. quarterly reports of the Nephi, Levan, and Mona branches, were read, which were quite encouraging, showing that the staters generally were alive to their duties and that a spirit of oneness was on the increase. Pres. Goldsbrough then stated that she with her counselors and others had visited the different branches and was happy to say that she found a spirit of improvement among the sisters, and a desire manifested to perform every known duty, and, that he Presidents of the different associations -blessed In laboring to teach and eatly ' e rising generation in Zion, re. felt g -- Instruct . wo-me- was pouring out his Spirit lo and children. En- . uni4 Brigham City, Arizona. The Relief Society of this piaco is dcjog We feel truly thankful to God our heavenly Father, for jJbJa. privilege we enjoy of expressing our feelings in the work of the Lord, and of being associated with our sisters in Zion, in tho great work of the Latter-days- , and though thousands of miles separate us, and the blue Pacific rolls its billows between U3and our home, still wo feel the impulse of that Holy Spirit, which is working among our sisters, in the far off land of Zion, where the good, and the true, the virtuous, and tho brave, are working out tho grand designs of our great Creator, and our hearts long to see the day when we can assemble with you,in your meetings, and be one with you in all good works. But during the time of our captivity in Babylon, we don't wish to be idle, or cowards who dare not stand up in defence of our holy religion, but we will show to all, that pur colors are nailed to the mast, and that the motto is "No Surrender;" and as Latter-da- y Saints we will try to set our friends and neighbors an example that will be worthy of imitation, and that we do indeed love nil holy and righteous principles, those which will elevate us in of which will enable us to leave the world better than we found it, by training up our children in those principles which will make them better men and and more, willing to do the mind and will of the Lord than we are,through many false traditions we have inherited from our forefathers. On Dec. 26th,. Elder Thos. A. Shreeve, President of tho Canterbury Conference, called the sifters together, and laid beiore them some of those principles which are taught in the Relief Society at home, and said that he felt impressed by the y Spirit to forma Relief Society in the Conferences it would be a blessing to tho wter9 and they would increase in knowledge, u?d understanding, and comprehend woman's great mission in tho Chureh'of Jesus Christ. Many of the sisters expressed themselves willing to help In the work, they saw its necessity, and wishing to bo up with their sisters inJZion,in every good work ot the Gospel, were willing to do their best. And when we tell you that Bom of them came nine miles and fifteen miles, And others several miles, and all feel determined to be at every good work, you may have an idea how they feel in the work of tho LorJ. And that though wo the-scal- e ti.Loi- "1 atized .the ' rm strive to do all upon the young pew to the sisters h. - naent of the couraged i to i seek they could for the advance. on God ftuu of tho earth, kingdom an(j to sustain the servants of the Lotw e to we each other, that might show wortd that wo were a band of sisters, for the good of God's people, and mankind in general. The time was well occupied by the. Presidents of the branches and Mrs. Goldsurough'a counselors, who spoko many words of encouragement to those present. Mr., H. II. Prown, Counselor to President Teasdale, and others of the brethren, spoke words that were calculated to strengthen and encourage the sisters in every good word and work. Choir sang. Benedectien. , Amelia Goldsbrough, Pres. AMY L. Biolbb Sec'y. . '' New Zealand Dec 30, 1879. Hannah Grover Stake Pres. Ladles presiding. Most of the officers ol the Stake and the branches were present, (some absent on account of sickness) also the officers of the Young Ladies and Primary Associations, and a goodly number of the members. On the stand with the officers were several of the brethren. After the usual opening exercises of singing and , " Papanui, Canterbury, The Eighth Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies in the Juab Stake of Zion was held in Nephi on the 16th of Jan. at gji m FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE. It. S. REPORTS. commencing very well, considering our circumstances. Mrs. Mary E. Whiting, President, Mrs. Elizabeth B. Smith and Mary E. Skinner, Counselors. Living as wc do in the United Order, we have no poor fo look after, but wo take care of the sick and try to comfort and bless them. There are a great many ways of doing good in this Church wo can help to build temples, gather the poor, etc. we are trying to gather a little money to send to the Manti Temple.,. We have our monthly meetings the first Thursday in every month, and working meetings every week; our meetings are generally well attended. We desire to be one with our sisters in the cause of truth. Your most valuable papei comes regularly, and is very much appreciated by all. Wishing it success, we are very respectfully your sisters in the covenant of Truth, Mary A. Adams Sec'y. Jan. 28, 1880. Can-ybur- ' n, may be far from home, we hail with joy everything in the Gospel that we are permitted to practice in this wicked and nation. And we feel that another step has been taken towards that glorious work, which is to coverjthe earth with tho knowledge and glory of the Lord, and hum-bl- e as we may be, and surrounded on every side, with the powers of darkness, with the help of Israel's God, we will stand by our brethren in this great cause, and help them to combat error, and keep our children asr free f.om the sins and folly of this world as we can. Sisters in Zion,give us your faith and prayers, that we may be faithful with you in the great cause of the Lord. The following Sisters were then set apart. Ann Jones, President. Johanna Larson and Agnes Dook Counselors, Rosabela Tregagle Secratary. Meetings to beheld last Monday In each month. Number of members 23. After the meeting we had a picnic, and enjoyed ourselves to our hearts content, in games, and Jinnocent fun; plenty of good food, and pure cold water was partaken of, no intoxicating drinks, no swearing. 'All was peace, love and joy, gladness beamed from every face, and when we parted at night to go to our homes generated from each other befte r prepared to meet with the trials of life. It will be a pleasure to look back upon the day when the Relief Society of the Canterbury Conference was organized. May God our heavenly Father watch over, and preserve all Israel is the prayer of your Sister in the Gospel of peace. Rosabella Tregagle, Sec'y, Canterbury Relief Society. cor-ru- pt ' . . ITEMS. prominent gentleman admitted he had declared publicly that "no pure and virtuous woman would wish to hold a political office;" said he would yet say, he did "not believe God ever intended a woman to hold an office." I thought, what of Miriam, the prophetess; why did not the great prophet and leader, Moses, cut down her ambition? And could both he and Aaron have been duped by a woman, men of God as they were? Was Deborah, the judge, a pure and virtuous woman? The Bible does not record that the court atmosphere polluted her fame. In the New Testament the Elder sends reverent greeting to the "elect lady." Mistaken man I Is not Queen Victoria a pure and virtuous woman? Did not Louis Napoleon and Emperor Wilhelm leave their empires in the charge of their wives, as Regents? They had more confidence in woman's ability and integrity, more confidence in their honor, than to fear the effect of "political contamination." But what bewilders me is, why, when our brethren know that Mormon women's political efforts are in harmony with coun- RfiL that, fhpv fihrmlrl trAJif.'fho fitihfpnt with ridicule. Wonen did not ask for the bal--j lot in Utah until Pres. Young, said they ought to have it. As to the Police Court, what woman wants to be a Justice of the Peace, or a Constable? I know of no'aspi-rafor either office, though it is considered lucrative (a consideration with gentlemen). Men talk of the mire of. courts and politics, but ihey avoid the suggestion that a woman might be a Chaplain, and remain "pure and virtuous;"' and there are some ladies we know who we think would make good clerks, or even Legislators; and should they even in time attain to Senatorship, would we, think, be satisfied with their stated salaries, without "voting themselves A nt 