WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE b A B K C L OU D. py? x They Jmagine this or that, but when sessed"- "The beauteous toy so fiercely sought, Loses its charm by being caught." BY MAT, MAPLE ji great dark cloudlet quickly aow - Came forth aain. with might; And nauffht was left to mark the place All, all, was ptire and bright I I thought to this cloud our troubles We easily cdH compare. In the ilush of sunny strength and hope A trial comes along; ' It drowns all our pleasant feelings Banishes jest and song. - . Ev'ry hour is most anxiously watched, Each day we fear things' new. And yot our surrounding brighten not The world is "dark to our view . our dark pathway brightens up, Our fears have sudd'nly Hod And our anxious cires and t roubles all Are vanished like the dead, All, all, once more Is pure and bright. Our life seems much more dear, Nocause we have gained agajn the light, B a ve passed the dark and drear. Salt Lako City, Utah. And soon - -- , : 5 Dear Editorr I wonder it you can find a few moments to read some of the thoughts floating through my brain at, this time? I seem to want to think palpably to one who Is my compeer! It is a most lovely evening m leafy June; I am beholding one of our most glorious Utah sunsets, than which nothing can be more gorgeous and sublime! The turmoil of the day is passed, I have walked into my withdrawing room and shut the door, and left earth-lif- e outside, hence, I want you with me; as in measuring character I have concluded that when you were undergoing the process of organization, a good)y spice of poetry and romance were thrown into the compound, and hence I feel that we are compeers, if you veto the consanguinity, all nght it will not alter facts; but bear in mind, according to niy definition of words and ideas, there is nothing derogatory to you! But let me proceed, 1 have organized this retreat according to my own taste. There I meet those influences congenial tome. We. walk in the Ely sian. fields, where beautiful flowers' are ever springing. We inhale their perfume, and we partake of the ambro-- - -. , the ' ethenourishes and the immortal; we.; sip from the founts overflowing with the nectar which exhilarates our spirits, and quickens every sense, especially inose of love and adoration to the Great Giver and Author of all! Were you here, I should propound the question whether those who have discovered that .which will make, in a great measure, their happiness on earthhave not attained to a knowledge of themselves, which will enable them to make much of their present life a heaven on the earth? Knowledge certainly is a.' power in such, a case; and it is not in greatness and grandeur of mean's or position that true happiness is ' to be found. No, verily, it is in Hhe cool, sequestered vale of life" that her presence and- - her influence hovers and is felt much more forcibly than among wealth and its appliances. When? any, attain tbju knowledge of themselves it will give them rerKwe of character- - a happiness and independence the world can never give nor has power j to takeaway. .Of course there is room for discush siona but. look abroad. Have you not seen, crowds who could not tell what would make them hap sial real food that : . , ng e AN OPEN LETTER. '- hi-you- . -- - 1869 a man with wife a their and little girl about eight only child, months old, started out on a journey of over a hundred miles to visit their relatives. They made the journey in about four days, and visited around among their friends some three 'months, at the end of that time the chilly winds of December warned them of the near approach of winter) and the,;distance they had to travel before reaching home. After some preparation they started for their home in northern Utah. The third night out they drove into the little town of C, a pleasant little valley situated in the tops of themountainsj thatjftight the wind whistled and the snow drifted, and to the travelers it seemed as though winter had in very deed set hi, however, the next morning they resumed their journey, having paid a man $2.-for taking his oxen and helping them over the divide, & distance of ahout three miles; the snow was drilling terribly, and it Was all a span of mules with the help of the oxen could do to draw the wagon, although the load was very light; when they got over as far as the man had been hiredto go, they tried to hire him to go farther, o severe was the butniohey was ho temptation,-swondered if storm. ,1 have many times-sincif concluded had and a man that always heart, to leave that must been have he had, it callous, man with' his wife'and babe in a snowbank as it were with no possible way of escape. The mules could not stir the wagon, and when the lash was applied to .them they .could only, plunge and wiou wastptfo pant. 0! What shall we do, wife.we and .Help, Hettutl that airftatedJxfth must haw hep, w"nTbana'8nftwer,-Ca- n you stay here alone while I go and bring that man back. I wjll make him come said he. desof 'death, all perately. There was a silence as Were nature of her aroused; the imaginations lone should staftoffa facing her.husband what if so exhausted that should and get "such a storm know ddwrito rest. sink My.readers he should the result that would be likely to"follow, imd none of them could realize it 'more forcibly than did the wife at this, particular "moment. At quick, or length, the silencetowas broken, "Speak Her him." too overtake late only it will bo reply was, go! He started off in pursuit of the and their driver, and to retreating oxen husband it seemed that the anxious traveled half never locomotive power had The oxen. hope to so fast a.? did those same would make he overtake them was soon gone,but settlement little his Way as best hd could to the and bbtafh herpt:ne;struggTctlon, but made slow What was the young wife doing all progress. this time? crying and wringing her hands? JSo, God with all her might, she was praying to her ' to Him preserve her husband from beseeching the terribleLfdtef that deemed to threaten htm; , hen only ! thought. seemed: to be of him. Mo-of, anxious meuts, which, seemed,, like hours unbounded to ioy her when wailing, elapsed, I MiW; tboy she Sy shouts still farth'erioff readied her fear, ' when Lord htxUieara and answered her prayer. Help was at hand; her husband had struggled along below until he got to the top of the ridge, where r tellwheth-ecould scarcely him lay some wagons;he was then they 'were moving or not, so slow until shouting progress and blinding the storm, answer. lire received an , with all his strength he in breaking remainder of that day was spent roaefs; this men, "part of them, formed m hne, each and wonld walk in front of the wagons, was rest ,wagon in turn taking the lead. Their quite, Jong, giving the frequent sucanimals plenty of time. In that way theyabout and ceeded in getting through th canyon, lit8 oWk hi the evening they arrived in the and hospitable tle town of W., where kind the for them night. T.he friends entertained feeling next day they reached theirforhome, his Heaven of God thankful to the preserving their lives; and still they 0 But soon in the great dark covering, A ray of light we see; Broader, and broader yet, it grows Our cares commence to flee. . STORY. In the fall of ; As gaisefl on the.dark mass moving, So swiftly through the air, -- Rily.. A TRUE obscurcdut for a time, kwnd fk 'Oi Airi vanished then for aye. Our hearts are so so'hopeless, Our prospects dark and drear; We bow to each passing opinion And shudder with nameless fear. EXTRACTS FROM A LETTER. pos- I hear you say enough, and it is now twilight. Your friend, Across tbc sky eo btlghi and blue Ou a ixaweful glimmer's day, The sun, 11 ; -- - ? ! A , and-sometime- dice and brutality, and consequently are antagonistic to real reform, especially that reform which will place direct power in the hands of women, who constitute the conscience of society, and who will always fight on the side of temperance and refinement, Still we found a great number of friend ly sy m path kern, and J t was curious to note the evident superiority of our friends. This was so marked that even our opponents would say, "You have some pretty fine men to support you." We called upon the Governor who declared himself in favor of giving women the full and entire franchise, saying that he considered this reform to be necKsnry for the salvation of the republic. The Assembly tendered us the use of the Assembly Chamber for a special hearing ou the evening ot the 11th. Then 1 learned that it was expected that I should represent the women of Sauta Clara County in a speech. For a person so inexperieuoed,' it was a great trial, but, X . nerved myself for i t. M rs. Iaura de Force Gordon and Mrs; FolU . ore to speaks These ladies are lawyers, and Mrs. Gordon ha well earned gifted wothe reputation of being a remarkably , Saeramen jJjj-cmof man A Miss Kellogg. to. was to mw orae remarks. Miss Kellogg jso wv--j popular lady, of charming appearance and excel ient'taste hi dress. Her discourse was pretty, but she isnot a gifted tospeaker. Howhelp us than ever, her popularity did more words. of The amount Assembly Chamber any was crowded: the Asseihblv men4 trate uu their front seats to the Indie.? and took the rides and back of j the JiaJI. The galleries were a black . mass, all menV I V(vokc:: first,ii4myJieart did not fail mo at all. 1 wish t couia seua you some of it, but' there was no correct report made. Mrs. Gordon made' the argument of the evening. Altogetlier the meeting made a very favorable; impression. and my I received,; numerous en i reany ihiiik u- i v Wn fr4euu?i. were uci :gnt - -- . pretty good speaker. I become so excited orI enthusiastic that I forgot myself and- -. then like it. Then-alast th bill came up for a third reathe-bilhave to be read three times-cro- wds dingall Hocked to hear the debate and some of the members did me the honor of quoting some points of my speech . At 1 .30 p.m. there were yet several members who had not spoken, so the vote was' culjounicd until the following week. The debate wereiuite,rlne in our favor, to argue, bur the'opixneuts did .not, attempt, back the to went tried ridicule, or garden ol "Eden. One Lane burlesqued the petitions and proved himself an admirable clown. : t ls 1 The bill fingered h long that none of our dele- our gates could remain. This was a pity as to a presence seemed to keep the - members up bill sense of their responsibili tics;- At'lasitihc was voted uym- - and parsed by five majority . Great was-therejoicing, but alas .for the instau Vturc, the very next mornmasculine of bility moved n reconsideration of member' some ing, the-biiwhich i.vt'ment was carried by h small ; majority.. Then neven pf the members went liack.upon their votes, o that tie bill was indefinitely postponed by a majority of tvo. The general feelhig U that it was a' cowardly and disgraceful proceeding; Really I think that this meanness will do u more good in the end than a, victory would have done. It will make people think. - , l -- . s for that Kame God that dehlvese to rejoice,hour lias, delivered of -- We took up a petition to the California Legislature, signed by 1,002 names. The fight was directed towards giving women the ballot upon all school questions and in the selection of trustees and superintendents. The Senate received us with great courtesy aud the Assembly gave us a cordial greeting; unfortunately there was a considerable portion of the hoodlum element represented in the lower house, and you know ignorance and vulgarity are the parents of preju- UroiSiDther. 6Ver MUiand is still -' peril trials and difficulties, and them fof good. . In this city, May ilt!i,lSSv,i6f injuries, received by being thrown from a wagon, John 1 . He Green, aged 53 year, 8 months and 3 days. and Greene of i John was the youngest ton known In the early Rhoda Young, who were ' and true friends ns staunch days' or the Church of the Prophet Joseph Smith. He also U'came a member of the Church at an early age, and was one of the 'company of Tionecrs toUtah, and and he died in faith of the Gospel. v- A kind wife a left and fatherne has loving .htihband , and numexous rctaliyesand and ' ..... Crtomja to "mou fit Ute. Died. - nine-children- Jq6k,-tIC- adtLakeCity June 4 th, 1SS. qsi- 