WOMAN'S Canute, Peterson, Joseph S. Home, Ward E. Pack, K. M. Lyman, George D. Sneli, W. H.h Dusenberry, Wm. H. Winn, Abram Hatch, ' Lorin Farr, D. H.'peery.1 A permanent organization was then effected, as iollows; Speaker, Orson Pratt; Chief Clerk, A..8tayner; Assistant Clerk, Junius F.:Wells; Enrolling Clerk, Lorinda Weihe; Engrossing Clerk,; Annie Smith; Sergeant-at-Arm- s, John Smith; Doorkeeper, Edward Griffith; Messenger, Milson Pratt; Watchman, August Wile ken; Chaplain, Parley P. Pratt Secretary Thomas then administered the ) oath to the members and officers. The Chaplain then opened by prayer. Hon, C. W. Penrose moved that the Sergeant-at-Arm- s be instructed to provide suitable accommodations for the press, which was done. A committee was appointed to confer with His Excellency, Governor, and noUf,r' him that the House was organized and in session; whereupon His Excellency Informed the Hou33 that he would confer with them at 3:15 p. m. The Council was then notified of the fact, and met the House in joint session to re(Iron-clad- the-Acti- ng. . ceive the governor. Thomas then appeared and Actings-Govern- or read the followldg address; VrA.it Territoby, Executive Office, " Jan, 12, 1880. Gentlen.oi; the President, Lorenzo Snow; Chief Clerk,Chas. W. Stayner; - Assistant 01rk, W. W. Taylor; v Enrolling Clerk; WL. Halliday? Engrossing 6am- -! Clerk, John Boyden; Sergeant-at:arm- s, t?uel H. B. Smith. Doorkeeper ZW. Bellj'Messehjger; Howard Q. Young; Watchman; Helamari PratthapV Jajn;Henry G.;Boyle The president', who had preotwlv taken the oathof office, now administered the obiigatlon to the newly chosen officers pf the Council." ::,J:vipi.'. . 125 r - i. i rr AL. .in; 1 t your JtLonoraoie soay 10 remove .me ponugai disabilities of. the women citizens, bf;tbisTeni-LIfill tKf.y a. ( "a. X f . of. Utah have enjoyed and exercised ttherigblt, of suffrage, and through practical, use of the elective franchise ; have become somewhat fa milUr. with the" needs : and i operations of go- ernment, and have not abused the' trust reposed - ,1 in them by the act of tho Legislative Assembljof 1870, which conferred. theni .the right . ballot and ;;7r vne tthe continuant of the in consequerice Whereas, ft Councilor Thurber movecj t o .notify the or the word "mail in those statutes which rt$'0 fine the qualifications of citizens for, holding House of the permanent oranlzaiien' of the ' CounciljWhich was accordingly done. A communication 7 from ttiejouse;re; questing the Council to meet 'thatboy ijxr joint session, was received,-- heru'pont on motionith Council took a recess and adjourned . to Repregjntatiyes HalJ, to meet, in joint ses' office, women citizens are ineligible, to hold oft , flee, and entirely debarred. from occupying: any I offiolal position whatever,' however capable or-w- ell qualified they may be, or however detliyj' ous the people may become to open the way for women to offices that they - might fill with honor to themselves, and profit to the Terri : -- -- tory; We therefore pi'y to pass some, enactment which will remove the obstacle that now prevents, thejwliticalreedoia ' of t h w a mnn n f r t h i Tp rr I inrxt- -l r.f r ', Whereas, For the past rilne years -- . sion. A,fter iyj the.f women ;d '-' fojy ?yorir-tionbrabIaBb- dy joint sessfon; Councilor Harrington moved that here ftsr the hours ior, the Council be 1 o'clock p. m., and that when the Your earJy attention, aa wiscJ legislators, to Council adjourns it be to that hour. - Carried. this matter, which id of great. Importance to4 Councilor Smith moved that tbq Hon. us, and to: those, jwbom , we jhave; r the honor "to! r of the Territory be respectfully requested mi liiiistarw bound. - ' to furnish the members, and officers ef the Your petitioners will eve? pray, etc council each with a copy of the Compiled laws, i , i i?jC5ignea in Jjeoaii r, me nH r a copy of i he laws passed .at the last session, r 0 u SA Bait: Lake and a copy of the Journals of.said session. City, Utah, Jan. ia, l$8a;: -joi niii'if? Councilor Wells moved, the House concurr - Referred to the committee on Petitions nd; Memorials. V ill S!..S-b!Jing, that the Bergeant-at-arm- s of each- - house ;.;': i; j.nrfV. be instructed Ufurnisa the officer3 and memThe following BUI was presented by ; Mr, bers with copies of newspapers Penrose:- read the first time, and referred to the published 'in ; the Territory, not exceeding three copies, or committee on Petitions and fem.oriaie:. .., their equivalent in or weeklies; also with penknives. . After the readihg of the minutes, the CounSec. IP-B- e Itenacted by the? Governor and; cil adjourned till 1 o'clock Tuesday. Legislative Assembly of the Territory .orUtah;" r TuesdiyT section 40 of the Complied Laws of; Utah That 7 Januafy lS is on.tthe word hereby amended by striking Council convened pursuant to adjournment. ' said tectloD.7 of line "male in the seventh A communication wajjrecleved and read to Seo. 2. Section 1073 of eald Compiled Liwa the effect that the House had passed a resoluia hereby amended by stiiking out the word tion to furnish the .members of botlf houses the third line.of said section., i 'malein - Sec. 3. All laws or parts of Jaws which dlt wit h new spapers and stationery. The Counqualify any citizen from holding officeon ae cil concurred in said resolution. count of eez are hereby repealed. j v Aths The President then announced the Standing A resolution was adopted 'Instructing Committees of the CouncU; V: x. Sergeant-at-Armto provide: a Webstertij On Judiciary, Claims and Appropriations, Dictionary j for the VBetlol the mem Petitions and. Memorial, Revenue,' Elections, I.'' A yaiQll bers.; vasuij tr Counties, RoadSj Bridges, Ferries and Cafions, pV untif i2 j o'clock WednesdayTat Adjournee Engrossing,. Educationi;Printing, Library, ., M. i''i't2Jii':-.ViAgriculture, Trade and Mannr&oture, Militia, Hi Gen'and Corporations Townships, Municipi era! Incorporation,APublic Domain and School Lands, Penitentiary, Indian Affairs. Irrigation Died. At Rockville'Kahe County Dlci8th;, and Canals, Postal AlTiirs, Pension, Unfinished ; 1879. in childbirth,' Mariarie'VQr j Businesn, Mineral Ressurcesi Ra iJroads. A motion .that two hundred copies of.tbe jwiije of Bishop Chas :JNmilfr Ageil 'earl, Deceased 'was a daugh'teV.of John p!nd Maria namea and residences of the members of the j Do lGriy,l,born;,DuaieyV,' Worcetersh'lre, Legislative Assembly, together with the name 3 ) of the officers and of the stand jog;commit tets England, Nov. 2Ut 1843. became a member of the Church- - of esu&Ghrlsi-o- f --Latter-day of both Houses be printed, was carried. Saints at the age,,. J2f years., Emigrated to Council "adjourned Uo meVfclat' 2l p.-- M. - i ! ihiK--Iviri Utah, through' the exertions I of a widowed Wednesday. - ' In the session of the House similar Commit-- j mother, twalking mpst of the distance, In 0857, . Adopted, with, tees were appointed, and a 'resolution of the gladriefisthe holyoVdfer of elestial Marriage, aDe,c'me tne. mpHher ot Council providing for :th'o rprlntlngf of 'two j hundred . copies , of the: names and residences ;eleven children all nW,l)ving5o emuJaVst'tie ' of the member?, togethe r Vltli- t he. name s ' rTlrtues, andcherlsh'' VhViacVedemory of a ' devoted Mother :;yf:y-:of officers .and standing 'com mi tt p. was Sister TiMaria -- was First Conniflor In tht ; k adopted. ' i' Bockville Relief Society, fand - e ver cullivated . .Hon. C. W. Penrose presented, a petition i a profound regard; for 5Jion and herlnstitationa, signed by Eiizi R. Snow, Sarah M. Kimbal1 e And although the ws snatche.d m It were. ; In JBmmellne .B. .Wells . and fourteen btbera - a moment from-- , her. friends' family ud in the praying forlthe removar of the' political dlaa ' I of f ' iiRfnin Ufa womanhood; and a prime of hilitiea of the wo ru en of Utah. - C j ( to suddenly, terminated , yet; we will i humbly To the Honorable. Council and Howe of Hep- - i w mo buuiuiu uegree oi mm wiio J oruereth all resehtativi oiheLegida iv&MseTnbfg, of 1 , -- . -- Secretary '' : Ai4j-'"A- '- ' ,' !-- ; House of CoiJNCiL And ' XPO N'E N'T. :E - .. . s - I regret to announce the absence of His Excellency, Governor Emery, from the Territory. When he returns he wllll probably communi" cate with you in writing. ' -- semi-weekli- : As the acting governor of the Territory,! am prepared toVunlte with you In the work of leg- l :T islation.' I recommend thatyou proceed In the usual manner to appoint your committees, and to prepare for the general work of the session. transmit herewith for your consideration? J the annual of the Territorial -- reports Auditor and Treasurer. v :'i'ii'' In conclusion, Gentlemen, it will give me with you in the adoption pleasure to of such measures as may be best calculated to promote the public Intere?t. Arthur L. Thomas, After the call of the roil, Councilor L. Snow Councilor L. E. Harrington temporarily, occupy the chair, and his election was - i - . : - y :r - lThe Secretary' oFthe Territoy,; Mr?A; L. homas, was, on motion,invIted to administer tlfe customary JtMhi, to the members" elect, which being done; Councilor 8mlth moved to proceed to a permanent organization.' This resulted in the choice and election of the ; AvV" fol-lowi- .1 ng: i ! : - on-abrid-ged ( , Mrr:;:::':H':?::;r:;t::: ; 1 t " s' . '",. -- . i -- v unanimous.; - Councilor Caine moved that Cbas. AV. Stay-n- er be thief clerk pro tern. Carried. r Councilor Clufl moved for a committee of three on credentials, and Messrs. Cluff,- Calne and Fotheringham were chosen, who through 'their chairman, reported the follo wing: as . entitled to seats. i ' William Fotheringham, Lorenzo Snow, M. W. Merrill, Peter Barton, George Teasdale, Erastus Snow, Abram O. Smobt L. E. Harrington, Joseph F.Smitb.Diniel H. Wells, W. W.' Cliiff JohnX Ciioe. and A. K. Thur- - .".; ; J . moved-tha- ; ; Acting Governor. At 2 o'clock Monday afternoon, the members eject to the Council branch of the Territorial Iiegialation met fa the Council Chamber of the CUy all, and were calied to order by Mrl . ' : co-oper- ate W.-Stayner- . i ' Chas. es . . - t i . v 1 - tr ? ' ' : ." ; , ! 4 - T -- - 1 JHU Gentlemen y 'V-UlM'- J. .2 We, your, petitioners, rfiUdentai of Utah Territory, lepreswutlng; the great ma- - I 1 After an iliaesa "of 18 : hb"ura Lucretia :Maila: 