WOMAN'S EXPONENT. FAITH AND FRIENDS. . mysteriously interwoven, yet destined never to culminate; Byron has converted all the scenes of these times into that beautiful, sad," but graphic poem. "The Dream" That is the strongest, the most thrilling and the briefest biography ever written in the English her name would not now be known butlanguage! for the immortality that this gave to it, "even now she loved another" and it seems she had no Erescience of mind to see, or comprehend the awaiting him; but prefrred the associate of grooms and jockeys, to the poet-bo- y who was hereafter to stand before the world the cynosure of all hearts and eyesl aud alas! the sequel was the old, old tale, neglect, and desertion, by him to whom she gave her wealth, and above all herself, who squandered her riches in reckless extravagance, with horse-racin- g and its usual concomitants. She awoke from her fallacious dream to find the gay "John Musters" over whom she had so fondly thrown the mantle of her early love, was merely the Hero of the steeple chase prominent on the race course, the idol of grooms and jockeys, and men of questionable character, Yclept "Gentlemen"! while "the boy" she had seen no glory in, had become a nation's glory associated with the royalty for which mental wealth forms and bestows the diadem. She sent for him and requested an interview! but to his honor be it spoken, he declined that which must have been distressing to both: No! his love had beejyto. him no child's play, no dalliance with eoquetteries, but a passion that had drugged his soul with bitterness, thrown his life .under a cloud, 90 pure, as never afterrier be trifled with so sacred, that it seemed the very wTedding of the spiritual, and the eternal. He had passed from out that old Hall never again to enter it. It is perhaps but just to offer excuses for her she was ah heiress and the petted child of adulation, which wealth engenders sh two years his senior which at the early age boy of they met, making a girl far ahead of a for her a is or then he sixteen less, merely being to patronize; to trifle with, and this was her ner course sevr iuaiiy; sorrowbecame her by uiiudjriever a strong one, ful change, "The Queen of a fantastic realm. Her thoughts were combinations of disjointed and unpercived of things, and forms impalpable to others sight familiar were hers." jtJvron's name alone- gives her half the laurel . which o'er shade his- grave, Life's troubles are transient, only They are often a needful test, Nor long will the brare be lonely Who with faith and with friends are blest. God knows that we need refreshing, For 6orrow He makes amends; And He thus bestows the blessing Of faith and of thoughtful friends. boy-lov- Oftjthe roughest roads lead upward, And the heavens they're nearer too; So we'll trust our Father's purpose For 'tis always kind and true. We'll trust Him ever and always, s. Though to death He brings us nigh; Though by ways nnknown He leads us Nor shows us the reason why. From the crown of the hill, Experience! Are views that are always bright They always are wise who climb it, But oh! 'Tis a rugged height Our God we must needs confide in. He'll lend us a helping hand, We'll see as we're npward climbing A glimspe of "the holier land." the weak and weary Is shorten 'd and so tis best We know if we trust.God's guiding We'll enter his promised rest. If long or if rough life'a journey He is 6afe who on God depends; He is richjwho has yet the blessing Of faith and of thoughtful friends. Emilt Hill Woodmansee. The way for S. L. City, July, 1880 MARY CHAWORTH. BY HANNAH T. KING. with-Byro- Annesley Hall was the paternal home of Mary Chaworth, it is a short distance from Newstead Abbey,, the ancient possession of the Byrons; bo tli are si tuated In" Nottinghamshire,. England; the estates join each other, and have been made famous by the' graphic pen ot the poet. Mar. Chaworth was an heiress, and is described as having much personal beauty, and a disposition the most amiable and attaching. Tmi Byron had keen introduced to her family in London, and on taking up his residence at Newstead, and after coming to the title, he renewed his acquaintance with them. He was then only sixteen, and the young heiress two years older. His visits were frequent and familiar; a room to him whenever being appropriated he thought proper to make use of it. A few happy weeks were passed riding, boating on the lifke, shooting at a given mark, and such like, in which Mary always made one, Byron being through all her devoted Esquire. This short period of about six weeks was probably the happiest, the sweetest, and the least mixed with alloy of his short, but full life; d lu them he imbibed a passion for his young hostess, that was to color all his future life, and only bring to him bitterness and disappointment. He wrrites in his diary of this time: ''When I was fifteen we formed a party to visit Matlock, in Derbyshire; when in that most remarkable cavern, where you have to cross a stream, only two persons can occupy the boat at the same time, and that in a reclining position, this stream flows under the rock, with the rock so close upon the water as to admit the boat only to be pushed through the chasm by a ferryman, at the (a sort of Charon) who wades the all the time; stern, stooping A. C. M. was transit of companion my with whom I had been long in love, and never told it though she had discovered it without. I recollect well every feeling of those moments but cannot describe them,let them pass. There were five besides myself,and my M. A. C. Alas! why do I say my? Our union would have sealed feuds, in which .blood had been shed by our ancestors ! it would have joined lands broad and in years rich, and two persons not two is (she two years my elder) united hearts, iud perhaps strengthened one head, which by the bye has never been quite right since! and what has been the result?" Theso are his own er n. A FEW OF MY THOUGHTS; While reflecting upon the present state of sovices of the ciety and the prevailing sins and with to sometimes are we exclaim, ready world, become is "How the dim; gold the Prophet, How how is the most fine gold changed." our and hearts to made ears our are tingle often to grow sad at the fearful accounts of crime and the length and misery that abound throughout of the reveread we While land. breadth of the lations made by a Talmage and are shocked by the horrible crimes prevalent. While dens of under the proinfamy and debauchery flourish of innoseducer vile the and tection of the law, with abroad unblushing front cence walks of the land, while honored amongst the rich and the poor victim of his flattery and deception, whose only crime was "loving not wisely, but too well," and who has yielded to him all that Awaken ( woman holds mwt r"".r scorned and shunned be hy her and cast out to the opposite for the own sex and only sought by of basest passions and be cast gratincatlon of the and degraded loathsome a becomes aside till she or woman, man of thing unfit for theandsociety is she frequently despair till in her agony driven to commit the fearful crime of or perhaps thinking to hide her shame to cover her guilt, she fierself tramples on the best law of our natnre and lecomes the destroy-m er of her hapless offspring, or vice robed the 'splendor displays her gaudy garments at and industrious corners of the streets. While and die to suffering virtue is too often left suffer are we ready uncared forand unknown. Truly fearful the but to picture shut faces our to veil of spirit; and to cry out in anguish, Is there no physiIs there no balm in Gi lead? of my cian there? .Why, then, is not the health find a will Surely the .Lord people recovered?nation these of that u guilty remedy, or the followed be by a strange punish-- , thin will fit reward for their deeds ment, and be cut off: a are the first to cry out who are they the he revelations and institutions of the the debauchee, $ it not the seducer, deep-seate- selt-de-structi- on, ill-matc- ratat' V words, t seemed the livee of these two persons Were - , iff 37 vile libertine, who panders to the lusts and passions of men? But these are not all. How many of those whose elevated, position, and superior advantages of education and refinement makes them a power in the land," who should be the guardians of purity and virtue, and many who profess to be followers of Him who is of purer eyes than to behold iniquity; in whom was found no sin, yet do not even they, the teachers of a false system of religion, cry "iewvFeaice," when there is no peace? calling light ukness, and darkness light, putting bitter for sweet for bitter. ,ii&x "These are they who creep into houses'Nfhjfscx-crites,- ) who, under the guise of religion, gabt the confidence of the unsuspecting, arid takirig advantage of the influence thuscquired, by the basest of arts, "lead captive silly women." Oh, beware of theou trkst hot their promises; the poi&n of asps iMpfer their lips; the garland is cankered; there Ts death in the cup that they offer; the pillow is burning. May the day speedily arrive when woman shall understand her true the ydestiny: when she shall dareto arise in seekvain the .;ff&ngth of her purity, and say I thee goue! er of the pleasures of an hour, get have nothing to do with thee. Then would the libertine and profligate in vain seek for a victim. Hasten the day of the Lord when righteousness shall cover the earth. F. C. Y., 2d Ward, S. L. City sweind THE CHILDREN'S FAIR. A Fair was held in Farmington by the PriSismary Association, under the supervision of. her and assistants. ter Aurelia S. Rogers whom great credit is due for tbJr unwearied oftite success. Sistern efforts to make it4 Ellen C. S. Clawson aud Smith REliza most wwcea it and gave a interesting report of the affair. It seems remarkable that children with the help of one or two efficient and zealous sisters could make such a showing of home manufacture. It makes one feel like saying Hurrah, for tho children and the Primary Aasociation; of Zion. they are becoming a power in the midst on articles of list a The following are complete the of Fair Primary exhibition at the Industrial Association of Farmington, held June 29th and 30th, 1880. Mottoes, , in frames 23x12 inches. Three large paper holders, three Splint Work. baskets filled with Tarlton flowers, eight wall Four large oval pockets. - Wool Flowers. d frames-fillewith wool flowews three large cases JB-- ow of wool flowers. Crochet W6r. Sevetv crochet one tidies, one lady's collar, two. factory tidies, ' ira flower basket. Knitting Work.eveti socks and stocking, three pairs wristlets, four (wool) pieces money purse, one pair mittens, one ' collar. one lace, Straw Work. One large wall pocket, one flowers, four bouquets basket, two baskets straw e home-madstraw hats for straw flowers, seven ladies. Mrs. Clark and five little daughters working making nil kinds of fancy straw work, six dolls' hoimota, trimmed with fancy straw work, one leautiful lusW,. Quilting- Work. for .quilting, eight quilts. Sixty blocks piecedBo:ird. One in frame Ulxl3 Marking on Card colored silk, raised in inches, the Lord's Prayer, 2()xlH inches, the len at home, one inch frame home-made silk, m colors, Commandments in flower baskets one very beautiful, two hanging match safes, one corballoon in cardboard, three one oval basknucopia, fourteen picture frame, oval box, one mug. et, m square box, 'one bookSampler Work. T wo large mottoes, three marks, four alphalets. Miscellaneous Articles. One rabbit of cotton, of cloth, one arm chair, wood one black-bir- d in plaster one bob-slepair of balls cartwo and chain, one shovel plow pet rags, one wrkHh paper flower, four large , mats, one bouquets, paper flowers-- three tarlton one woo mats, wax basket, nine handsome cambric flowers, piece embroidery, one bouquet one box covered with shells from the bait Lake, one plaited rag carpet, sixteen yards rag rarpet, two model of church, view of Jake Shore Park, . handsomely dreseed dolls. switch. Silk Worms and one hair different of Cooking. Fve loaves of bread, seven raised by kinds of cake, vegetables, fruits, etc., memlK-r- s of the Association, strawlierries, chercom;flowers fresh, riev gooseberries, honey inbutter, beans, turnips, ' atuU - grey-houn- d, ds BiK-cime- jKn-Hwt- , from the garden. Com. articles were manufactured or raised by the members of the Association. N.B.-Thoa- bovo -- 