WO MAN' 8 E X PON should we desire or expect of our children greater or better wrk than we can bring ourselves to te capable of? Let us also bear in mind that "All wisa governmeat begins with eIfgovernment," and never, never be guilty of correcting a child In anger. 1 we onlyhegin and continue in the right way ourselves, we may as easily make true gentlemen and ladies, or true men and women, foursons and daughters, s by taking the oppo&ite course we help tbem to become bores and clegs in society, at home, or wherever they happen to find themselves. A very young child may be taught far that in cheerfully with the wishes of others, it will complying manifest a love and ense of duty to a nuprtsing extent. But this pleising result cn never be obtained by driving with whips or thea s until through fear of punishment i( will sullenly yield ob'edieiice. Neither will a lew coaxing words followed by a sharp rebuke have any tendency io lea i a child into the straight path of honor hoo or for its parants, ittelfaud far all correct principals. The man. who suffers himsell to be thrown into passion, and allows hu tongue to utter unreasonable and unseasonable words, gins no respect, but deserved contempt from, his fellow-men- . And the parent who manifests like weaknee?es in the of its child, is only planting in tbe youthful mind steels of di9trust,wriich are likely to ripen into disrespect and disobedience. Firmness and gentleness, patience in teaching and cotiistency in all requirements are qualities necessary tobe exercised in directing the youthful mind. And the proper exercise of these faculties can only te futtaiued by strict who might be educated for goud nurses can' have the privileju? r Weh jve no place where accidents can be skillfully treated free cf cost; and arcidents seem mostly to happen to the paor. But the rich as well as the poor get sick, and need good nurses", and very often great suffering and perhaps death is the result of not being ab'e to secure the proper help, which a trusty nurse might have given. It is a great pity that it seems to be no one's p'ace to make any move In this direction. Doubtless our Ioqg talked of and much heeded Public Hbspltal would now te in running order if there were ''money in it!'' Alas! for the selfihne-- of human beings! Strange selfishness indetd if out of all t.kje taxes paid by the innabitatants of our Territory it cannot afford to es'ablnh One free institution for the benefit of unfortunate rHiTerers. We are supposed to beor we suppose ourselves to be a benevolent people. Yet this most beneficient object.the founding of a fre Public Hospital gfcts no farther than empty talk, while humanity pleads piteously fjr tbe establishment of just such afi Institution. If this subject mus!be longer ''talked' I say, let the women of Utah "talk it up" in real earnest, and urge the the men to action upon it. The hospitals of England are her just pride, they are founded 6 ri the most liberal plans and do in amount of good that cannot be oyer ( 5 !. " ' self-respe- ct andeelf-command- so s . . pre-ei;c- eelf-difciplin- ENT. e esti-mate- d. .. Oh dear! when we are well, how little we think of the sufferings of our fellow creatures;! Do Jet us have a free hospital somehow, before . long! Mary. Grantsviile. e, If we would be honored by eur children, respected by our neighbors an I b!es', of our heav- enly Father, though humble and child-likethough weant g no other dignity, we mutt sell-contro- l. LULA. ARE WE TO HAVE A HOSPITAL. Dear Exponent: Some thres years ago, tbe necessity for a Public Hospital was discused quite freely. About every one who gave even a passing thought t the that fcucb an institution was much needed, and regretted that some one did not mako a move to haVe it established. Well, so far as I know, nothing but talk has come of it yet. But accidents happen and people get sick all the same. We seem a? far as ever from the de.ired object, the poe-s:o- n of a good Public Hospital, built an i supported by the Territory, free to all who mig'it ba unsubji-ctacknowledge- d fortunate enough to need help without the means of paying for it Surely this Territory is rich enough to support one such institution and it really is a necessity, and demands earnest thought and action. The benevolence of such an institution would bring its own reward. The thorough training of nurses and the preparing of surgeons and doctors to skillfully deal with all cases that might be submitted to their cire, is an Item wjiich alone Is well worthy of the earnest attention of the most Intelligent among'our people. Skilled nuries are much needed everywhere, they are.of priceless worth, and there Is no fear that there will ever be too many of them. But few mortals, comparatively e the ability to become fir t class .nurses But shall we not have a free ho3plfai, with wise and ju3t overseer, where some of those speak-Ing.hav- from each town in the county, the following were framed and unanimously, ad' '"' " : ': opted: Whereas: .The Honorable Charles W. Penrose has, in presenting, to the Legislative Body, the ' - bill, "To Remove the Political; Dibiii tits of Woman," in his speech before the House, and in many ways, and also the Honorable John R. Murdock has by presenting petitions, etc., shown themselves to be tbe friends of Woman and interested in the cause of Woman'u adk' , vancement, therefoe; Resolved: That we, the Ladles of 'Beaver County, tender to those gentlemen aud to all others who have favored the cause, our most sincere thanks and this expression of respect. Resolved: That a copy of these resolutions, be sent to the honorable J. R. Murdock f the Honorable C. W. Penrose, and t6 the "Deseret News" and Woman's Exponent, for publica- tion. T DelilaF. Coxj Elizabeth Furnsworth, f f Committee. Nancy Blackbarn, Mary Ligbtner, J Mary E. Ashworth. E. Mary Ash worth, Sec'y. I . OBITUARIES. Died: at North Ogden; Hot Spring District, Feb. 14th, of Erysipelas, Julia A beloved Wife of Edward W. Wade,and daughter of Edmund, and Sarah Ellis. Born at MelkBhamr Wiltshire, England, April 16 Ji 1857 Aged 22, years 9 months, and 28 days. 1 Resolutions of respect to the memory of Sister Julia A. Wade. Whereas, Heath has come Into our midst and taken from us our Honored Bcc'y bister Julia A. Wade one whom we all loved and: as an obedient daughter an affectionate sister a loving wife and mother, a faithful Latter-daSaint, and an earnest supporter of - 1 - . the Relief Society. Therefore, Be It res lved by tbo members of this Society, that we tender to the bereaved' husband and family our eincero sympathy and condolence, and earnestly desire that God will comfort them in their affliction and strengthen them to bear up under the loes they have sustained. Resolved: that a copy of these resolutions be sent to the bereaved family. A copy put upon the records of this society. And a copy sent to the Woman's Exponemt with a request for publication. re-spfcte- WOMAN'S VOICE. -, possess the dJgnity of 157 Wonderful are the ways of God, and none can fiud them out but the humble fn spirit; and the pureinheirt. The eye that Is single to the glory of 'God, can behold his work upon the earth, that he has given us to do, we have no time to throw away but like the busy bee that gathers honey in the hive so we should gather in all lje love and power of the Gospel, and help to establish Zion. Work tof the kingdom of God that we may enjoy a fulne-- s of glory in the world to come. VVe bave left cur comfortable homes and gathered together as one great family of children to be taught more perfectly the ways of life and falvation. I feel thakful that I lje in this day that the Gospel of Jesus has been restored to the earth, and the sound has gone fjrth "Repent ye for the kiogdom of heaven is at hand." I gave beed to the sound thereof and sought to know from whence it cauae, the truth of this great work that has been commenced In this ourjday, I till have that testimony to bear,iand my faith grova stronger as I grow In the knowledge of God and his works. I am sure that the spiilt of the Lord i working- - in the hearts of the children, aula great power is rising up In Zion; and the time is near at hand when the wicked In Z ion shall fear and tremble and flee when no man pursueth. Let us be patient and endure to the end and see the salvation of God. Harriet A. P. Walker. y Mary J. Maycock, P. Riiees, Elvira Hickenlooper. Eliza v J In behalf of the Society. , Died: In Ced ir City Iron County Jan. 27th, 18S0. cf Canr-rMary Florence, daughter of J an Eliza McConneij; She was born In Henry, Lehi C y Nove rnbar 20 ;b, 180, being 10 years 2 months, and 7 days old. ... , , .( , Deceased was youBg lady of great promise, lively and cheerful disposition, much beloved by her youthful ompanlons. Was treasurer In the Y. L. M I. A. and we realize that we have lost a useful m amber, but our loss is her ; ' IV gain. During her sickness she wa? very patieat and died full of faith, and lu-thops of a glorious .;;. Ur vvjresurrection, E. E. L. Jones, Sefy; ' ' Y. L. M. r. A. Cedar City Utah Fh. 23, 1880 - a- - - r-- ' , he i - - RESOLUTIONS. BEAVER CITY UTAH Feb. 23, 18S0. Editor VVoman'i Exponent: At a meeting' held under the auspices of the Relief Society of Beaver Gity, at which were representative d, .k - . of Died: In Ogden City Tusdy Feb. - 10 188C, diphtheria and Ecarlet fever Wlllard agea : 