WOMAN'S EXPONENT " The supper was as sumptuous as tho.entertaln-men- t was agreeable, and everybody seenaedjo be in a happy mood. The evening entertainment, which consisted of music and dancing, was opened with prayer by Elder Joseph E. Taylor. Pres. John Taylor and" Mrs. Sophia W. Taylor led out in the first dance, and the evening was passed in pleasant pastime and social conversation. The party was indeed a complete success. , In this city, Thursday, Jan. 15, 1880, Miss Libbie Beatie and Heber M. Wells were united in marriage, Prts. D. H. Wells, the father of the bridegroom, performing the ceremony. A reception was given in the evening at the resi dence of the bride's parents, which was nu. merously attended by relative and friends. The repast served on the occasion was profuse with delicacies and most tempting to the Epicurean. The presents were elegant arfd appropriate, and judging from the number of them, one would conclude they had at least the "dear five hundred friends," May their happiness be as complete as the present bright prospect indicate?, and all the sweet domestic joys that wait upon the pure and good be the dower which Providence shall send to crown their union. We wish them all the blessings of long life, peace, and that experience which will be most fruitful a harvest of good deeds. Wednesday, Jan. 21, ISSO , in this city," Miss Minnie Home and W. D. James, Esq., were united in marriage, Pres. D. H. Weils performing the ceremony. There was a pleasant party of friends at the residence of the bride's parents, to celebrate the happy occasion. The sumptuous dinner was graced with the presence of Pres. John Taylor and Mrs. Maggie Taylor, Pres. D. H. Wells and Mrs. E. B. Wells, Bishop R. T. Burton and ladies, Wm. Jennings, Esq., and wife, and many other ladies and gentlemen, relatives and friends of both families. Many elegant and exquisite presents were received by the happy pair. In the evening a large number of young people assembled, and wedding cake, with choice refreshments were served in ths moat hospitable manner. We extend our sincere congratulations to the newly wedded pair, and trust their Uvea may bs as happy as is consistent with earth's experiences, that there may be mora sunshine than shadow upon their onward path; and whatever betide them, that they b forever firm in tbo3e principles which will lwad them to an eternal exaltation hereafter. The Legislature. now in session are pushing on their work vigorously. The several com mittees are engaged almost constantly, when net in session, in deliberation and consultation over petitions, memorial, reports, and bills, relating to changes in the Compiled Laws of theTerritory,&o. A oill for an act prescrioing fees for the Secretary of Utah Territory, after having been slightly amended, psesed both House and Council without any discussion; also a few uther bill.-- ; but the ladles and the riQAnl. ,f Tilrh C.n haua nrt hffirt nilitn ft fnr- tunato in this respect. The merits and demerits of both theae bills have, been warmly discussed In the Hou e Wo understand the bill to change the boundaries of Rich County is lost. Hon. John Murdnck, pa Monday, Jan. 26, presented a petition from Beaver, eigned by . Louisa B. Pratt aul three hundied aud eighty-tw- o others, Biking for the removal of the political disabilities of womvn,and making them eligible to office. The petition will bo found in another column. We understand, too, that there is a. petition in tho possession of a Member of the Council from tho ladled of Juab Co., ON which has not yet been presented. The Hon. Member in the House from said County says, 'The petition has mostly been signed through newspaper advocacy;" Let the people of Utah congratulate themselves on having such educa '' tional newspapers. HEBALD. NO It was once 'stamped upon the mind of tbe leading men" in the British Parliament that the English could most wisely and judiciously decide all governmental questions relating to Americans, whom they considered their subjects and inferiors. A fewTr Americans wore different colored glasses, andj looking to the future good, allowed their motives to be misunderstood by some and misrepresented by others, while they (vainly, shall I say?) petl-- , , tioned. Parliament, in its assumed dignity and strength, spurned respectful petitions from American men; but .the "backbone" of the justice and right of said petition was thereby strengthened, American men as tax payers, with no decided opinions upon public policy, wore ''admirable;" but when they expressed a wish to help guide the Ship of State to such harbor as seemed to them desirable and good for them and their generations after them, not ' ; lysjcold- :nlywaaai-Uameataty;8jo.r- shoulder turned, but radicals talked of pross, and the rabble foamed, pective s while the more conservative contented with an undeflnable - Tjair. Lomond, with all his clear sighted nes, has not discovered that it i9 only the favored few women who are permitted to realize that the man is responsible to a greater extent than the woman lor providing for his family; and that the thoughtful woman who need not provide the bread feels a moral responsibility relating to the laws associations that must have an important bearing on her houeehold, in common with the community. A member opposing woman's disabilities bill e&ys, "woman's voting works well enough, and I am disposed to let well enough alone.' This, put in other words, reads, the women have by their votes placed me in this seat, where my voice has weight, and tbat is enough. I prefer to have them oc office-hunter- them-'selve- ad well-cushion- cupy'the back, hard bench? s ed ItHEUMA. 133 Ogden for ten years, and when thai Relief Bo clety of Weber Co; wasT orgaiiizellf in aStake capacity, Mr&yF, was chosen as Becretary of that board, because of her fitness and indomiU able. energy in. wor) of that: character.. She also acted Is agent for the Woman's Exponent for Ogden City from the date of Its publication, and faithfully performed all these duties. The lady Was also President of the Fourth ward Primary Association of Ogden. aud was pecu liarly adapted to the work, having a remarkable tact and adaptability, and a powerful Influence over the little children, who were affectionately attached to her. She was full of i charity, and possessed thatirarelsaintlyfattri-but- e of speaking "of all the best she could.' ' It Is said by those who were Intimately associated with her,. that she Lever spoke evil of any one. She was active and earnest in the latter-da- y work, and anxious to do all in her power ta promote the interests of the various organizations for the edacitidn and elevation of women and children. She died full of faith in a glorious resurrection, and tbe last words upon her lips were blessings upon those who had so faithfully attended upon her and fid ministered to her comfort ; and consolation She leaves one son and three daughters to mourn her loss. The funeral services were conducted at the residence of Mayor Herrick, whjwejher death "occurred. Bishop N. C. Ply-Er- e, Apostle Fi lO Herrick each spoke upon the principles of the Gospel, its efficacy in times of affliction, and referred to the merits of the deceased lady, her ' : faith and good works. PETITION OF CITIZENS OF BEAVER AND OTHER PLACES. To the Honorable Council rcsentative theTer and Home of Rep of the Legitlative Auemblg of Your petitioners, residents of tbe Territory, of Utah, would respectfully show unto your; Honorable Body, that by an act of the Legislative Assembly of said Territory, approved Feb. 12, 1870, the light of suffrage was conferred upon the women of this Tenitory, but eligibility to hold office whs wjtbheld. That-i- f it was the intention, of the lawmakers of this Territory to confer upon the women of the Territory equal, political rights with the men thereof, said act falls short of the intention. That the women of the Territory, as a class of voters are discriminated against they have -- the shadow of citizenship, without the DEATH OF "AMELIA M. FBODSHAM. tub-stan- ce. That your petltionersVcbnsIder that the right of suffrage and the right to : hold office , Died, in Ogden City, at the. residence of Mayor L. J. Herrick, at fifteen minutes to twelve o'clock, midnight, Jan. 24, 1880, of a tedious and lingering illness, Mrs. Amelia M. Frodaham. Mrs. Frodsham was removed temporarily on a visit, to the Major's residence, thinking the change might prove beneficial. Deceased was the daughter of Joseph and Amy C Aldrich, and was born in Rochester, N. V., Aug. 7, 1826, and was baptized in 1841, in Northbridge, Mass., and emigrated to Nau-voill With her mother she started for Utah in 1832; her mother died by the way, with cholera, and was buried upon the plains, leaving her daughter without a relative. In 1S53, in Salt Lake City, she was united in marriage to the late James Frodaham. During she ha supported herself and family by teaching tchool, a calling which she had followed previous to her marriage. She possessed many excellent capabilities, and was well qualified, by nature and education, to fill efficiently positions , of trust and honor. She, acted as Secretary for the Iellef Society of should be inseparable. . . Your petitioners, therefore, respectfully ask that your Honorable Body, at the session thereof for the year A. D. 1880, enact a law conferring upon the women of the Tenitory cf Utah, who are qualified voters, eligibility to ; hold office. .. And your petitioners will ever pray, fcc. : o, her-widowh- ood OBITUARIES. - DiED,very soddenly,at Harr isburg, Washington Co.,Utah, Jan. 7,1880, Amy,infant daughter of Zilpha D. and George Earl. . She was born OcL 20, 1870. The Lord glveth and the Lord taketh away, blessed be the name of the - Lord" " Died, at Plain City Ward, Weber. County, Utah, Jan; 14, 1SS0 of old age, Sister Naomi Ware, aged 83 years, 7 months, and 23 days. Deceased ww born May 16, 1793, la Lenhaia 