& W 0 M AN'S.; EXPO , KENT. 77" ; CONTINUATION OF THE MEMORIAL, ALICE AND PIKEBE CORY. BY HANNAH T. tive heath, when she painted rural scenery and rural life. These papers were translated untQ French at Paris. Her active brain and soul produced in twenty years eleven volumes, every word and thought of which wrought from her, own being, and every line of which was written by her own hand. of years' Phoebe, be-number In the same several books, the of sides aiding in the editing was most important of which "Hymns for all Christians," published by Hurd and Houghton, in 1869, brought but "Poems and Parodies," published by Ticknor and Fields, 1854. and "Poems of Faith, Hope and Love," issued by Hurd and Houghton, besides at their death poems enough uncollected to give each name two added one of each a book of child poems I hay e mueh to relate about Phcebe, but have no more room at present. OF. KING. its vior l, J r f .interested in reading - i i i. . i -- n w One-of-th- tetm, e , 4, I. , GRATITUDE. Having been greatly benefitted and blessed by the impulses recurring from gratitude, I indulge in a few reflections" u)on such a manifest boon, and which I am proud to say it is one of the choicest component parts of my nature. Had I the ability to do justice to its goodness, I would wield my pen loudly fraught with its praise. I value it as a noble trait of the mind when we frame our hearts to give it free exercise. It inspires alike ;the old and j'oung, the rich, the poor, the generous jiud the good, and to cultivate which is much to our interest; such a heaven-l)or- n sentiment enriches and exalts. It is an influence which should, be fostered, for it laimpresses and strengthens us in our daily bors; its happifying features are ever welcome to the honest in heart It calls forth otir best emotions and has a large claim upon our finer feelings; also acts as a consoler and comforter, giving invigorating life and contentment to those who can ruiiy appreciate it. Ve would lose mtich-wer- e QUiLliearts.de void of such a treasure. Iot us train, then, and not careless ly crush such a heavenlj attribute, Jbr it gladdens the heart and makes cheerful the home, but ever tender our sincere thanks to our Father in Heaven: for so precious, a jewel. - May it always retain a promineujt placejn our bosoms and flow, with our prayers, for the mercies extended w "tbvardS'UK .';. To me it is a constant companion, my hearf" teem with gratefulness when I. behold th o works of our Creator, and am led many timed to exclaim, "thank Uour when viewing natural scenery or in hearing the warbling of the birds or the murmuring of the rill, the enow, the sunshine, the rain, the dew drops, all possess a and I cheerfully give thanks for my daily bread, and for my children who I pray may realize the words, "I am the bread and the life," and that they may praise their Maker while they've breath. Let our prayers ascend for the continued advantages we have in these peaceful vales, and not only realize, but show our gratefulness for the privileges extended to us in this dispensation, which I can sense; we are truly living in very, eventful times; surely the judgments of God are at our very doors and we are told commence at the:. house of the Lord. We have been afflicted here for months with that terrible disease diphtheria, which I am thankful to say is abating. The people acknowledge the chastening hand of the Lord, we know H desires us to live nearer to Him, but whether we will do so remains to be seen. The hearts of those wtto called to ones have been sorely tried, little their with Eart when the Lord calls we 'must submit. We are taught, which is a great consolation, that he is reserving a choice feed unto himself. I feel thankful for the prleffthood, and. that those, at the head of the Cnurch have been so generously inspired in this the Year of . Jubilee, and hope the Lord's poor will feel to rejoice in the goodness and mercy of God, and offer up their gratefulness in thanks; and Xvhat a blessing the. storage wheat will prove to many, and "may the sisters not slacken in their energies to carry out the counsel of the servants of God.11 1 am also thankful for tlie organizations of the sisters; I know the members thereof enjoy a greater portion of the Holy. Spirit since they were ihstif ..luted, and have a better understanding of the Gospel plan of salvation, the good counsel and instruction which we receive In these Societies are of a nature to, cause us' to reflect, and the teachings are not entirely lost upon us, but assist us in sustaining each other. VI am digressing from my subject, and I fear lest I tire you, but in conclusion let me say I believe in the - principle of plural marriage, and when or where charm for me., iv hn -- i of our sisters upon political question., an(j nope(i ag1 upon not they will soon be looked with man. in nilonry wnrtrprs.j but Liit per tains to the welfare of society. I pray oui father in j0ur in heaven to abundantly bless Jatxrs ot tqve, ana may we conimuauy strive to live our religion, is the wish of, " Your Bister in M. A. Till. the Church of Christ 18S0. Goshen, May 11, oo-eau- - airi,L uae uetn much vnrrirrre. the intercut speeches al you-siate- ra A MOTHER'S REFLECTIONS I have never written any before for our much respected Exponent, I say our Exponent I feel much interested ,in that paper and in the great work" that isr beingbrought about in these last days. As a mother in Israel I feel to add my mite with my sisters. I often wonder to myself if we mothers, realize the great responsibility that rests upon our shoulders in rearing our children in a right and acceptable manner before, the Lord, and teaching them eorreet principles, both by precept and example, we and in being very careful that set before them at home and with our neighbors is in strict accordance with our teachings, for children even when very small will notice very particularly the actions of their parents, and if they see,any traits of dishonesty, in their parents in any way they seem to take up with that at the first glance, often whilo young, but sometimes when they &row older they see the wrong and turn away, from 'Such a course. What an awful censure-i- t would produce in our own breast to have our son condemned to death by law, or imprisoned for life, to have him state, as some have done, that their mother had screened find rrotnted .thent in manv. vou miirht sav small wrongs, when very young, and they would go into their neighbor's orchard or melon conpatch. If their father did not ofallow such mother it, the duct, and he was informed would say "I do notwant my children to steal, but I cannot blame the boys if they do take his fruit for he has plenty: or It and will not give them any of it;" or if they should find anything and know whom the owner was, if the mother would lay it away and never, make the child take it to the owner, and never let the father i Know anyinmg aooui it, wnicn is very wrong lne wrong- leads . toanoth errand getvery easy, gives" ting out of one wicked deed children more confidence . that they can get out of .another still a liU Jarger uutll HnaiJ', perhaps they come to the gallows or some bad end, and then blame their , too indulgent mother or father. But there are. two extremes in raising children; while some parents are too indulgent others are very stern and severe beyond reason, and seem to forget that they were once children themselves; and as Paul said when he was a child he acted as a child, but when he became a man he put away childish, things. We have k over a good many of their innocent, childish ways, but we. .cannot be too, particular in watchingover themand teaching them not to act wickedly in anything. There is great responsibility resting upon the mothers as well as the fathers. My dear sisters,' as we were placed here upon -- this earth to become helpmeets to our, husbands we should, stand by their side and battle for right, and never allow ourselves under any circumstances to speak .one word against any principle that the Lord has revealed through hfe prophets fbr his people to be govern-is ed by in tms&r last daxs. Our settlement small, but w have good meetings here in our Relief Society, and a gooa peaceable spirit prevails among the sisters,', and weare trying to it is Carry out the counsel of those whose duty ever to counsel, as fast as we can, which! may we : continue to do. ' : Cvnthia Ann Jolley. be-cau- the-examp- le -- nami ' Vwivill aid T -- There are circumstances in every life, though Wme may be so small that we fail to note them at the time they occur, that yet caue a leaf to be turned in the book of life, which will color all step iljeTuture. ; W- - see this in. the important Alice took in starting to New York to begin hie oil1 her own account by means of her pen! With her great and grand mind, her strong will and brave endurance, her character was still strictly as she expected feminine, and had she- married -- loved and to whom at tuaTti me theinan- she been that have she was engaged, her life would of a devoted wife, a loving mother in fine, a woman of the highest type. Business interests brought into her home neighborhood a manat that time her superior in age, culture and fortune; he sought out her family as superior to the surroundings, and Alice most' especially: an attachment sprang up between f hero, to her he became, the man among men, the king of her youthl She never loved another! His family were proud and prosperous, and exerted all their influence to prevent his alliance with a poor, obscure, uneducated rustic! Years after she said, in speaking of this epoch of her early life, "I waited for one who never ' came back, till after a time,I read his marriage in the paper! ! Think what life would le, loving one, waiting for one who' never came back!" Years after he did come back; his wife vjas 'dead, and Alice was dying! "The grey haired man satuow-- hy the grey haired woman." Life Tiad; prospered trHh him,'. suffering and death had taken all from her save the lustre of her fro won. and 'faded 'face' wnmlmns full shone the" upon him with the him for her blighted, jfjroutlu She aforgave mile as divinaaa eveLheam weary"life7with ed on the face of an angel! Thus they met who had parted plighted lovers in early youth! Alice Cary's was t no weak nature, all its fine feminine gold was K-- hi a will of Iron. All its deep ten-- , derness was walled in by justice, common sense,, "andistrict integrity; '4)e'butlivexf:tliat"rrowtul youth to mme oneof the workers of the. world;"' .she fia(I"iuirhy':otrers of marriage soine splendid,, hut she never entered into another engagement; the king of her vouth passed out from her life, but the niche in her heart's temple remained vacant. U was in this desolation of hor youth that she deterhiinea "to go to New York and make a home, and life work for herself, she did w and after a sho'rt time sent for her sisters rivncbearid Elmina to join her. Of this departure from their paternal home ' 'Phoebe says, "Without advice or counsel of any but ourselves, we resolved to go to New York, and after the manner of children In the story book, seek our fortune." They hired two or three rooms in a quiet neighborhood, and net earnestly to Arork to earn a living by the pen! They lived in n very humble, economical way, writing for whatever papers would accept their contributions and taking "any remuneration that was offered them, thus they managed to Jive and keep out of debt. They had a horror of Warding, and from the first determined to make a home, however humble it might In?; and . this made their life a success. Alice papered the room with her own bands and Phoebe rnhited the floors, iramea the piotwrw, rd ' "bright- ened up" things' in ceiieral. Their homo was a cheerful and a " happy one and they drew friends around them, who were friends to their closing scene of life on earth. most devoted was the celebrated Horace Greeley; he was faithful even unto death, and attended the funeral of Atico to its -- last resting place, and saw. the last sod laid upon her He refers to their early tea parties as grave. follows: "Being already an acquaintance, I called u pon the sisters, soon after they set up their household gods among us, and met them at intervals thereafter at their home or at the home of their friends. Their parlor was not so large asi some others, but quite as neat and cheerful; Mid the few literary persons, or artists, Xi'lio occasionally met at their informal invitation to discuss with them a cup of tea, and the newest books, poems, or events might have found many more pretentious, but few more enjoyable ath crings Tims egan in 1831 the life work of Alice and Phfebe Carey in New Yfork, The next year saw the coming outof Alice's first series of Clover-noo- k Papers," their very simplicity and freshness won all hearts they sold largely in this and in Great Britain. She was free on country her na - 2 - . " I 1 1 . A. ? L 1 1 - . to-too- - -- m; Carmel, May 2, 1880. ORGANIZATlbN ' OF SERICULTURE- - -- , ; Brother Daniel Grave?, with Sisters E. R Snow Smith, Zina D. Young and M. I. Horne, visited the Relief Society, pf Mill Creek, for the purpose of organizing the silk association., Under the direction of Bishop Reuben Wler, Mrs. Margaret; White was, chosen president, Mrs. -- Elizabeth- Hill and ."Mrs Ann Morgan, counselors; : Mrs. Elizabeth Carlisle, secretary, and Mrs. Mary' Samuels, treasurer. AH were unanimously! sustained.. .. After which. . Elizabeth Hill resigned and Miss Ef S. CarhsJe w was chosen second counselor, The majpniy the officers have been practically engaged mu f-.-) : . -- work. Elizaeetu Cablisle, Secretary. se 