WOMAN'S EXPONENT that God would take the priestfrom him, unless he established that prin- and threatened hood Said the Relief Societies ciple on the earth. were designed to increase love and sympathy 5 among the sisters, was pleased to hear that a primary Association had been organized in Kanosh, It was one of the most important organizations. The youth of Zion were thirsting counseled obedience to the for knowledge; priesthood. Urged the sisters to plant out mulberry trees so that employment might found for our children and others which would be profitable, and enable the people to become Je selrsustaining. Sister E. R. Snow said she was pleased to meet the sisters of Kanosh. Sixteen years had elapsed since she had passed through the settlement before, was encouraged by the presence of the brethren. Our interests are both in the kingdom of God and cannot be divided, The Gospel of Christ is designed to unite our labors. Anything that is calculated to disunite comes" of evil. The Relief Societies are organizod as a strong help to the priesthood. All our talents, time and energies should be devoted to the kingdom of God. At the time of our baptism we covenanted to be his, but our profession don't amount to much. We must keep our Covenants. We often speak of having obeyed the Gospel, that will require all our time in this life and very probacy will have to be completed in eternity. It will not answer for us to live part for 6od and part for the world. We need to work out our own salvation. A mother's first duty is at home with her children, but how can a mother retain the Spirit of God unless she avails herself of the opportunity of influobtaining those refreshing, enlightening ences which can only be obtained by attending meetings in the Lord's house. Our .Relief Societies were organized by revelation. The Prophet Joseph Smith stated that they were not only to relieve the poor and assist the bishops but to save souls. is so constituted as to be The organization .sell-governi- Every good Latter-da- y Saint tister should be an active member thereof. When the societies were first organized the sisters crowded to the meetings, but now many have to be coaxed to attend. They seem ignorant of the importance of the work. We need nfutual assistance and can only obtain it by meeting together. Our children have been neglected in the past and many have grown up infidels. Their minds have been charged with knowledge and their mental capacities have been crowded to the exclusion of spiritual life. It requires the physical, mental, moral and spiritual equally developed to make a good saint. Said she would give the sisters a sure key to success, "Never shirk a duty! Never!" If small duties are neglected the light of the spirit withdraws. We need constant training. There's not many of us have as much faith as the 2000 Nephite boys going to battle who "knew they would not be slain," Our children who leave this life in childhood are sure of the Celestial Kingdom. How can we be sure of it? Only by knowing that we are doing good and keeping the commandments of God. Has God given you ability sister? It should be used for the good of others. We are responsible to God for our talents. The members of our societies should be united and not yield to faultshould finding. When visiting, the teachers administer to the sick and wash and anoint them also confirm these blessings upon them to be by the laying on of hands. We need filled with the Spirit of God. If we pntour trust in God and earnestly contend for taitn we shall receive it: The Lord says he will be enquired of. A formal prayer is not always The necessary but faith must be exercised. need the Lord wants us to be in earnest. We Spirit of God to guide us in all our household affairs. Our position as Mothers in Israel is as 103 much higher than the women of the world as heaven is above earth. We should be full of kindness and love. Our labors here are appreciated above. A record is, kept, and we can never lose our reward. The Relief Societies commenced their work without capital; with a few rags and a little patchwork . and by perseverance have made their own capital. In 1876 when called upon for a report to be sent to the Centennial, the Secretaries had disbursed between $93, and $94,000. Since then the branches have increased and the members multiplied. There are now about 300 branches. Some in the Islands of the Sea, in Australia,, Europe and elsewhere". All are engaged tn a good work: andtheir labors are recorded; concluded by exhorting the Saints so to live as to secure all the blessings of the Celestial Kingdom. Sister A. Woodard said that it was a great pleasure to her to hear the sisters speak such encouraging words. It was 26 years since she first spoke with Sister E, R. Snow in Salt Lake City after crossing the plains and in the hour of her bereavement when she spoke such words of comfort and consolation that it did her soul good and she could never forget it; urged the sisters to obey the counsel given and pray-,- ! that God would bless the sisters. After a few remarks from Bro. H. Christen sen, this most enjoyable meeting was closed with singing and prayer. there, his wife, whose delicate frame was Worn with hardship and anxiety, was prostrated by a lingering fever, which detained them six weeks. Jesse, with" the assistance of a woman he "mid taken to assist his wife on the .journey,' nursed them through the best he could; for, although in a farming distriet, with people living near by, no one offered to aid the poor little band of sufferers. . Minnie, their only child, was nine 'ears old. To her the journey, so fraught with pain and sorrow to others, was something of a fairy dream. The green field, and the noisy brook, the trees where" the nuts fell, for it was autumn then, the saucy .squirrels that perked their tail over their backs, and watched them from their leafy perches as they played among the trees, were quite ..as careless of the future as themselves; the silvery fish that glided about in 'the in sparkling waters.and the birds that caroleddethe trees, were every day. a new source of light to" those little thoughtless children, who had spent all their lives within the limits of a city. Thev were obliged to travel on -- R. Itoddard, Wk. JESSE BURNS, on, Was it Fate? A Sketch of the Exodus Jrom Xiiuooo und .the early Settlement of Utah. It was in the spring of 1847 that Jesse Burns and his family, consisting of a wife and one child, started across the plains to the then uuinhabitated portion of the Rocky Mountains known as the Great American Desert. So much has been recorded of that remarkable worth while to desiournev, that it is scarcely cribe it That it was an undertaking almost I think be unparaielled in history, can, left their safely workaccorded. How many men houses, to shops, their desks and counting of drive ox teams, who had never yoked a pair cattle in their lives? and the ludicrous mislaughatakes made in their managem be. ble or pitiable, as the case might of Jesse was a mechanic, and knew littlecomhe labors outside of his workshop, where comfortwages providing manded first-claThis breaking up o ably for his family. blo w to him and . home life and ties was- a great who had been tenderly to his delicate wife, of poverty or hard-hi- n reared, and knew nothing Their nice little home, where they had had taken lived so happilv, and which they was such pleasure in building and adormng househo d furiutuw ,old or a trifle; their a little, until all , went, here a little and there of: The outfit for their journey wat paSed in the wagons, and they bade a around which sorrowful farewell to their home, and crossed dustered so. many fond memories, to orgamz Mississippi Aver, preparatory a few there After staving the for journey. ng concluded, instead o waiting for davs take his family and travel the maiu ?amp, Missouri, where he might find work down into with for the winter. Accordingly, inacompany man named of family, consisting and four children, he trav r? aILv to a creek called the ss - Wtheycaine mui from ? aum. ithhy After feTdays, detainedbv the sickness ?rLJ! ad a l?ttl f cjmp-in- daughter born us oou a? possible, for winter was coming on and no provisions were being made for it. They moved on slow lr, stopping sometimes to rest the sick ones, for the ehildrenhad contracted fever and and to do a ague while camping at the Fabby, few davs' work as oportunUy offered. At Ungth thev reached St. Joseph, late in the all, where Jesse and his friend found work there through the winter. Soon after arriving the poor little baby, suffering from hardship and exposure, sickened and died. In the spring Jesse Hums and his family joined the camp at Winter Quarters. Chadwick, having a larger a suitable family and not being able to procure was outfit, stayed at St. Joseph. Mary Burns ' an energetic and persevering woman, a patient and devoted wife: Though feeble in body, and ofltimes heartsick and weary, she proved herself equal to every emergency. She left her assistant at Winter Quarters, for they were -oing to a distant country, they hardly yet knew whw, and eon Id have no supplies except what they curried with them, until such times as crops 'eon Id he raised; therefore they mut not be burdened with unnecessary expenses. to assist Accordingly, a small boy was taken on. started with the teams, and they a few hundred miles the boy grew back homesick, and meeting his brother going with the pioneers, he begged. to go too. Jesse thought it would throw too much hardthe ; teamster go, as he ship on his wife to let if the could only drive cue team himself, and drive to would be obliged boy went back she team the other; but she said, let him go; the she conht was an anxiety to her anyway, a would she manage not trust him with it alone; the of rest the well. journey she Attn-travelin- During very drove the team, yoked and unyoked the oxen, cares. in addition to her culinary and family it is This may seem an exaggeration, whenwoman a was taken into consideration that she reared, of education and refinement, delicately to accustomed and previous to her journey household labors, Wil Keep an assistant in her no exaggeration, that rl cart answer isthat it istrue. . my narrative strictly, the jour-nereached, at was length The valley for the over, and then eamc the struggle shelter be necessaries of life. First, there must Tner. made for the winter, and wood provided. in the mountain, he being plenty of timber but as t h v houses were built mostly of logs; were hardly fit for such laborious built their cabin brick, after the Mexican r. OaHtpr-nUwere covered with style. The houses dirt and willows; over which was thrown of a footer more; it wseveral the made for building vearc Jorc- shingles were well This nHle covering rved very wSJSny n sun-drie- d - rv 