W, OMAN'S were except in hard storms, when the people "deluged with muddy water. Dishes were set, umbrellas spread, and every available.., mean used for protection, but many a merry joke and passed around when the weather cleared Jesse the bedding was spread out; to dry. Barns, 'in company with another man, made a saw pit and split logs, and sawed lumber for others, and, as soon as he had sufficient matethe rial, built himself a house; but owing to Dein primitive manner of sawing, it was late cember before he had "a shelter for his family. The'' houses were all built in a fort, or a hollow lines. smiare, formed by joining the houses in alMary's cabin was built of sawed logs, and though it had neither floor nor ceiling, she felt that she was supremely blessed in having'a shelter from the cold storms of winter. It is said that God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb. They felt to realize the truth of this, for the weather being unusually mild,the stock was enabled to jive on the range; otherwise they must have perished, for owing to their late arrival the people could not possibly provide hay for the winter. Men worked in the canons through the winter, notwithstanding the severe st6rms and hardships of a mountain climate caused much suffering to those who were reared in a For they came from the milder country. sunny South, ns well as from the Granite hills of New Hampshire, also from European countries, where many of them knew nothing of outdoor labor. -- . ' - To be Continued. MOKE TALK. FROM IIOMESrUN. EXPONENT. become selfish, goodby to.youivpeace. .It's no use saying love: is .unselfish. Human nature is And you'll find out, if you are not .selfish. careful, that your wishes and Alec's will clash sometimes, aud perhaps cause a jar. At first it is no sacrifice to give up your way; nor will it ever be if you do not allow yourself to make it one. . Remember, deiir, in proportion as you seek the comfort of your husband, so will he strive to make "your life one of peace. Many wives think that in simply performing houseHumor hold duties their part is performed. him! That's it, my dear, humor him. If you find Alec has any little peculiarity of habit or character, don' tliirat think of it sulkily, then grumble about it. Love him, and pet him, as your mother loved and petted you. There is a spice of the mother in every true woman's- love for her husband. On the other"hand, don't begin anything you can't" carry out. Don't do your work and his chores, and call yourself a. devoted Wife for it. Devoted fiddlesticks! I've no patience with women who carry water, wood, et; yes, even chop wood, water the garden, do. all the lifting, tugging and tinkering arountT the house. Alec will do anything for you when first married; never let him slip out of. the habit of doing your little chores. If he isn't thoughtful of you before you have ehildren,he never will be after. Rememberthis. And wo unto you when, with baby in arms, and two or three at your knee, you drag yourself around to do all and more than your share. Be thoughtful of your husband, and if he is not so of you, teach him with gentleness and kindness to perfdrm those little acts of home courtesy that so cheer and brighten married, life. Time to go home? Well, come when you can. Will 1 tell you about how to make the fancy trifles I bare here? O yes, some day, perhaps, (rood by. - " -- Dear, dear! how busy I've been since you were here before. I have had little or no time to think of anything else but cans, catsup, preserves and pickles. The girls were here the other day, and I gave them quite a bit of my mind about , what kind of husbands to look out for. I don't suppose above one or two will ever think of it again, but it may do some good Quien Sabe? I do w ish I might help some of them to avoid the quicksands of married life. I am real glad you brought Fanny along, for I want to say a word or two to her. How soon do you and Alec expect to be married? A month? Now, my girl, you have a bridge of one month between you and the great Unknown beyond. There are many wise, good things written about this sometimes painful, sometimes beautiful thing, called marriage; but come, lay your head in my lap, and let me tell you a few things with my lips. They will speak with so much more force than hastilwritten words. You love him, dear, y-read How anxious you are to reach the , don't you? first cycle in your wedded life with as much of the sweet passion of love as now possesses vou, are you not? I .won't tell you how carefully you must guard your love, but rather- tell you how to cherish it. "WTien you are newly wedded, many little things will be unnoticed by you that will afterwards be very pregnant of results! The first, and, I think, most important of all things is, avoid looseness in talk, in thoughts, in deeds. Oh, Eanny, your wromanlv modesty is your oher bright jewel; .never let it about familiarslip from you. The ity breeding contempt is more applicable here than anywhere else. Let your married life be as pure, "as sacred, as precious as when you first thrilled beneath your lover's kiss. Be You instincts. true to your womanly may not be blessedas I am, with a husband who has been carefully reared by a modest, pure mother; but at least you' can inspire a feeling of respect in the breast of him you love, which respect ia the chit of the love you prize. If you commence by' allowing yourself gradually to OFFICE Up Stairs, in Old Constitution Uuildlng. RESIDENCE Six Blocks East of Poet Office, South Bkle of street. "Special study has been (riven to Obstetrics, Diseases of Women, and DISEASES of the EYE and EAR. . F. AUERBAOH & BRO. IIAVE MIMED M STOBE, Tl!i TO Hos. 124 4 126 EXAMINE AND CALL Fall and Winter Goods. ELLEN B. FERGUSON, SST 3rii3rsio3txx and. 3"WLrson, OFFICE on Main St, Old Constitution Buildings. RESIDENCE oir 'South Temple Street, between 8th and 10th East Streeta. Special attention given to Obstetrics, Diseases of Children and Diseases of tte THHOAT, HEART and LUXQS. DAYID JAMES, TINNER, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTER. celebrated LIFT and FOKCE "Agent for "RUMSEY'S on short notice. Orders from Repaired Pumps the country promptly responded to. tW Address, David James, Box 306, Salt Lake City. FUMI. PALACE OF FASHION, No. 17 EAST TEMPLE O. IE. ZMCIRS. ST. DYE, Desires the Ladles of Salt Lake and those visiting1 the City, to call at her Show Rooms and see her New Stock of MILLINERY. The latest and most stylish modes of Hats and BoAlso, a nice selection in nnets, in ptraw, Felt and Velvet. Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Ribbons in the latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, please Call. Ladies' Hair Work in all its branches. Good Work Guaranteed t ser- - : 55. O. M-I-&- a WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IS DRY GOODS, HEAVY & GROCERIES, NOTIONS, SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEENSWARE, IMPLEMENTS, Etc. AGRICULTURAL SALT LAKE CITY. Special Departments for Gent's Clothing and Carpets, ladies' and Children's Shoes, Dry Goods, Shatter and Domestics, Groceries, Hardware and Stoyes. DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CLASSES WANTED. S. IP. TEASDEL. OK Home Made Trnnkn for Sale by JOHN ('. WOOLEN PROVO the MILLS, Old for CLTLElt, Agent Constitution Ilulldlngr; also IIOifE MADE Of ilfiiti a. Jeans, FURNITURE, HEW VICTOR SEWING MACHINE ? If not tou should do so at once, and examine tbo New Ideas In Machine Construction. The New Machine is eleprant In appearance and admirable in operation, runs , very easily and without any noise and confusion, although the rate of speed is very high. Its and- of springs and cogs, renders shaUjatjijteence It both simple and diirable. Bo sure to see it, for its ' general advantages will raako yon' Its friend. Sewing VICTOR O. BEOS; ME MITTMSSES, -- JBJIB 75, 77, & 79, First South Street, ILL 3D 3E3 BOOTS, fullSHOES J3 T. ATTENTION Preserving tW Teeth CarefuUy teeth. Extracted. ' FltCT Tnffl inserts from one tooth to a Full Set, to o Most Approved Manner. PRfi-tSuit the, Timet and O to Natural find the LARGEST and STOCK of fic SLIPPERS, and deHrable Hues, best brands Olxildr-oxx'e- i To be found la the West. T I C FECIAL 3JT Filling-an- CltdvitywlU Also, Am- CABBIAGES, 22 Of Salt Lake ILL FCHTHERS. SLALT LAKE, CITY. self-threadi- ng SEWING MACHINE CO., CHICAGO, 1L JIIOOS, Agent, Salt Lake City, Brooms, Washboards, Brashes, Etc, Etc. AUD ROTAIL DEALER IN WHOLXSAUB ri SPHIHG elf-settl- n? Wool Batting, H. PJNWOODEY, HAVE YOU SEEN THE . Cotton Batting, Brown Yarns, White Yarns, Colored YarD3, Casslmers, Tweeds, Blankets, Flannels, Shawls, t Llnseys - old-add- ge ROMANIA B, PRATT, 3Ptxo Shoos. Orders Solicited. jy- Yw an OFFICE: - Tift Work. Guaranteed. KAIN ST. OPPOSITESALT jp.o. poM"1 LARk nw 