WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 102 turpentine, or Venice or Strasburg turpentine, will not answer the purpose. Dr. Clay uses it in combination wih sulphur, as he found by re-- ; ideated and varied experiments with other sub- stances that the Chian turpentine acted with uniform benefit in this combination! He describes as follows the first case in which, after long study of the subject, he attempted the use of the new remedy, on a woman who was taken to the hospital afflicted with cirrhous cancer of the cervix and body of the uterus. "Hemorrhage was excessive, pain of the back and abdomen agonizing, and cancerous eacbexia-we- ll marked. The patient evedently had not a long time to live. In such a case it appeared to I e justifiable to attempt to relieve the sufferings of the patient, even if the remedy should produce unfavorable symptoms, or should prove of no avail. I therefore prescribed Chtan terpentiner ix grains; flowers of sulphur, four grains; to be made in two pills, to be taken every four hours. No opiates were prescribed or lotion used. No rhange was to be made in her diet or occupation. On the fourth day after taking the medicine, the patient reported herself greatly relieved from d pain, and was in better spirits, but she of a large amount of discharge. It was feared that she referred to a discharge of a nature. On examination, however, the vagina'was found to be filled with dirty-whit- e secretion, so tenacious as to be capable of being pulled out rope-likand this although she had ny ringed herself three hours previously." After continuing the medicine 12 weeks with excellent effects, the patient suddenly went away without leaving any particulars by which final result could be learned. In his next case a woman 31 years of age the cancer was entirely removed t in about five weeks. Several other cases are reported of the complete cure of ;ancers in different parts of the body. In some instances the turpentine in the form of pills ould not be disgested, and the manager of the hospital dispensary prepa red: "An ethereal solution of Chian turpentine by dissolving 1 oz. of the turpentine in 2 oz. of pure niJphurJc ather (anesthetic). The ether dissolved the turpentine instantly. Of thwsolutoin. oz ; solution of tragacanth, 4 oz.; syrup, J oz.; flowers of sulphur, 40 water to I'ioz.; oz. three times daily." grains; The following remarks of Dr. Clay will explain Jheo9r of the action of. the turjientine in dissolving the tumor, and giving permanent relief hi a disease msirird hv m. 1 he turpentine appears to act upon the perof iphery the growth with great vigor, causing ne speedy disappearance of what is usualv termed the cancerous infiltration, and thereby further developementof the tumor arrestingthe 1 produces equally efficient results on the whole mam, seemingly, destroy ing its vitality,but more 'ow1y. It appears to disolve all the cancer cells leaving the ycmel to lecome subsequently atrophied, and the firmer structure to gradually "ain comparatively normal condition. It is a most efficient anodyne, causing an entire cessation of pain in a few days, and far more effectually than any. sedative that I have ver given. In the caws I have described no edative was employed in any instance, although ome cases where great pain had existed orevi-,ousl- y to commencing the treatment, had been given Whether this arrestlarge V ..... tlIC Ul me tumor, or, as mv -on suggests, is due to there no longer n pf the sentient nervesbeing fin consequence of tenston being withdrawn by the removal ofthe ells), .the fact is the same." The discoverer of this method of pair .and eradicating either of the many ill thai flesh in heir to, and who makes hi knowledge Known, is a public benefactor, of pubhc worthy reward. Deseret Keict. com-plaine- san-gineo- us Goshen, Salem, Benjamin and Spring Lake, these settlements forming that District. Bro. C Hardy referred them to the instructions given by Brother Woodruff at the last Conference respecting the Improvement Associations, he also programme presented a suggestive for the consideration and adoption of the Societies throughout the Stake, that they may all work unifonnily. The December number of the "Contributor" will contain the programme in full. Miss Alexander encouraged the adoption of the- instructions given by Brother Hardy; as far as practicable among the Young Ladies. At a general meeting held in the evening, -- fehortand apprjopnate. addresses were delivered by Brother A. 0. Smoot Jr. and G. M. Brown, also Sisters Alexander and W illiams. The Spirit of God burned in the bosom of each individual present and illuminated their faces. They all departed with a renewed determination to engage more earnestly in the work of Improvement amongst the youth of - Zion. : Teen'ie Smoot, Stake Sec'y. e, -- , 1 1 ,X U-- ir-nt- atr K. S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. Provo Nov. 8, mo. The Conference for the Y. M., and Y L M I. Associations ofthe First District of Utah 'l8S0' atanatrday,Octobcr 30, an?eSiiCn- - H' S,Wr Counselor and Stake Sccrtlarv we present. A hiwinws meetinz' frf the officers w called at 2 P. m. Siuidaetorv re port. given. Payon, Santaquin, in-fro- m V Sister Zina has said covers a vq ar ground as much perhaps as is needed for . von j , as well &xvub itoAjiiciuuHy resting as the men; the training upon you and planting m the human mind the principled of eternal life and every virtue. Some think we have too many organizations, I do not think so. I think the sisters as a rule are more observant of their' organizations than the men I enjoyed my visit very much to the Sandwich Islands, they are a good people there. The .sisters of the Relief Society gave me a feast before I left and sent love to all the sisters of the Relief Societies'm the valley. May God bless and prosper you that through you the work of the kingdom may be promoted. Bro, Paxman made some very good remarks spoke of the braiding school that he visited when on his mission where little children from 4 to 8 years of age were braiding straw; some braiding as high as twenty yards a day; ex horted the sisters to give our children some trade and teach them to be industrious Sisters let us be encouraged there is a bright prospect ahead, God will give the kingdom to us provided we are faithful, the Spirit of God is with us here Sister John said it has been though t best to appoint a president for a Stakeorganization for the Primary Association, accordingly Sister Zina Y. Williams was chosen for that office; Sisters Nancy Smoot and Mary J. John were chosen as her Counselors. Sister Zina Y. Williams said, if the Priesthood think I am capable of filling that place, I will try bv the help of God to do so. Sister Zina D. Young hoped the time would come when we should have the spirit of testimony. Moved we adjourned this meeting for three months. Benediction by, Bro. Paxman. The Statistical and Financial reports are as. , to-da- y. Synopsis of The Eighth Quarterly Conference Relfef Societies of Utah Stake of Zion held in Provo Meeting House; August 27th 1880, Present on the stand President Margaret T Smoot and Counselor Mary John, Secretary and Corresponding Secretary; also President, A. O. Smoot, Bishops Paxman, Tanner and Johnson. Meeting opened by the usual exercises. Min u tea of former meeting read and of the county read, also accepted. Reports the Primary reports. The Presidents of the different societies gave verbal reports of the same, speaking in praise ofthe; obedience and good works of those .with whom they were associated. Sister .John coun scled the sisters in regard to attending their so doing we will learn prin- meetings for by i,i'"-- i" '"ot" iuiu Mic jieuris oi our cniidren etc. Brother Tanner said it was a satisfaction to listen to the reports and see the interest that is taken by the sisters in helping the poor. Spoke of the propriety of always having a fund' on hand to help the poor etc. Afternoon Session: Opened hv singing and Sister T. prayer; Smoot made a Margaret few remarks relative to our position and prosc pect; said she was pleased with our reiort.-wonl- d not eay much as Sister Zina was with u? and we would like, to hear from her. Sister Zina Mid, I hope I mav be dictated by the spirit that feeds and invigorates. We have started for eternal life. Brother Joseph said, the priesthood would never be in its fullness without this organization of the sisters, ne have come here y to feast on the word of God, let us be united we cannot divide to-da- temporal and spiritual interests. The Gentiles tear our union more than else Let us teach our children to beany thing industrious; them up to industrious habits and let us bring attend to our political interests before the enemy gets the upper hand of us, as have done in they some places We have only a few work in and if we are faithful we are daysbe-to saved ings Teach your daughters that it is the noblest thing m this world to bear the souls of men. This kingdom is upward and onward e SaiDts t0 the Lord to build up?Jkikingdom. Some helP our sisters 101 Xt 8hould understand physiology and surgery a woman is more fit in tho$e who in need Tndsuch work than a man ande7a1,PnDtfl0rk ih the kinJ with the hand- fTdr Ma-the rd enable u We etern8ll life. ? cat g Pr H word, of Z praise V--t to the listers, said what oTtA? Z'lT TttZ J l ated y . follows: Number of members, 2005; teachers, 314; meetings held 110: average attendance 620; church papers taken 314; Woman's Expon- ent, 104; Total receipts $501,97; total disburemeut-o91,53; to needy 331, 44; temple 26,40; buildings, 112,65; home industries 23,25: missionary 41,05; books, 7,25; silk 4,00; sundry cash on hand 195,55; property on hand $5,864,07; wheat on hand 673, bush. C. Daniels Sec'v. s disbure-ments.15,4- 5; Special meeting of theKanosh ReliefSocictv rWillard County) Nov. 12th, 1880. Sisters Eliza R. Snow and Zina D. Young visited us y on their way to St. George, and we gladly announced a meeting so that the brethren and sisters could have the opportunity of listening to these noble sisters. Our meeting room was filled. The meeting was called to order by President Adelia A. Kimball and od- ened with singing and prayer. Sister Kimball expressed her pleasure at receiving a visit from Sisters Snow and Youn, and hoped they would be blessed in their labors, and then introduced Sister Zina D. Young to the meeting. Sister Young made an eloquent and earnest appeal to all present, said our Relief Societies are a power for good amongst us. They are not only intended as a relief to the poor, but also a relief to the Bishops. The teachers of the Relief Societies should be filled with 'the Sjpirit of God. Said there seemed to be a lack of faith amongst us; but she had never seen greater manifestations of the healing power than of late; felt that the Latter-da- y Saints dil not appreciate the blessings of God as they ought. The blessings of the sealing ordinances were not appreciated the Prophet Joseph wa chastened before he accepted the law of Celestial Marriage. An Angel appeared to-da- to-hi- m 