WOMAN'S EXPONENT. iU0 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. in Salt Luke City, Utah Terras: One copy one year, S3. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising one rates; "Each square, ten lines of nonpareil fipacc, Published (semi-monthl- $3.50: per month, $3. 00. A 1 if era! discount to time, regular advertisers. of the Council Exponent Otfice, Lower ,West Room from House, South Temple Street. Bnsiness hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER THE BLESSINGS 15, 1880. OF CHRISTMAS. "YV'ouId'st thou from sorrow lind a sweet relief, Or is thy heart opprest with woe untold'?. Halm wouldn't thou gather for corroding grief? Pour blessings round thee like a shower of gold.', "Christinas comes but ouce a year," is a common saying. It is often quoted when one has performed some generous act, or given himself a holiday, or when some unusual lilierality is dulged in. Well, Christmas comes but once a year, to be sure, hut that once brings joy and gladness to thousands, and there are more good deeds done on Christmas day, or Christmas ev perchance, than at any other time in all the year. Thank the Lord for Christmas! There are many reasons why it should be the best day, when the be?-- deeds should be enacted. The Son of God, the Savior of the world, was born, as we suppose, on that eventful day. It is meet that all houId celebrate it with good deeds, such as He performed, and such as He an J the angels might recognize and "record:: We ;reaii thatJe. sus, our Master, went about doing good; then should not those who profess to be his followers imitate his example, and go about doing good. disensing the bounties which a kind Providence has vouchsafed to them in rich abundance, to the poor and unfortunate, and thus show their appreciation of the life and character of the Savior, their elder brother. If on' all. other days they are cold and hard, yea, even pitiless, it does seem that on this day of days, a spark of that divine love, which every human soul possesses, must glow and warm the bosom, and causa it to overflow with kindness and love which will manifest itself in living deeds of genuine benevolence. The poor are. remembered, the destitute are clothed, the sick are visited, the sorrowing are comforted, the aged rejoice, the children are made happy, and no wonder it is designated "A Merry Christmas!" The family which has been scattered are gathered to the homestead at Christmas time, and exchange tender greetings. Then the feasting, the music and the joyousness All exert themselves to the utmost begin. that happiness may be the result; and is not this in itself Iwautiful? Even the family reunions at the Christmas time are sufficient, were to fasten it firmly as a day of there nothing el-rejoicing, in the hearts of those who love their friends. Is there any picture more pleasant to look upon than the beaming faces of a happy family, seated around the Christmas hearth, the bright fire lighting up each countenance, and the merry jest and witty repartee going the round of the assembled circle; the children in the background on tiptoe with the excitement of new toys, games and amusements; music, songs and tales of "auld lang syne" fill up each precious moment. These are some of the Christ e, fast-flitti- v mas blessings that come to the fortunate ones. And if the poor are not forgotten, then there is to a consciousness of duty performed that is sure is more bring sweet peace to the soul. "It blessed to give than to receive" are indeed precious words. The reward immediately waits healupon deeds of kindness and mercy, uring or if the ing balm into the aching human heart; heart has no regrets, no sorrows, even then there is a blessing in doing a generous act towards a fellow teing in need "a peace that passe th understanding." Hang up the children's stockings by all means. It may seem a simple thing, but it affords infinite pleasure to the little folks, and it is one of the reminiscences which they carry with them through life. They never forget the happiness of Christmas morn, when on awaking from their rosy slumbers and fanciful dreams of Santa Clausand his wonderful costume and turnout, they rushed wildly for the stocking, to see what dainties or toys he had left them in his frolicsome journey o'er hill and dale. How often in after life do these tender memories of Christmas and honie soften the hearts of men and women towards the destitute and forlorn little creatures, who, through poverty and misfortune oi untoward circumstances, have not the joys of childhood's home life, that so refine and beautify the soul and prepare it for the larger and broader plane of usefulness in after years. Peace and good will to all mankind has ever been the motto of the anniversary of His birth, who came (,to bring good tidings of great joy which shall be to all people." And while feasting and rejoicing with glad hearts and cheerful countenances, we should not forget the grandly glorious missiou of the advent of the Son of God. While the children rejoice in the blessings which each returning Christmas brings to the household, they should be taught to honor the day and reverence the name of Jesus, and the story, of his birth should be as familiar as words. Ves, they should sing and tell tins -- Editor. KM 51 E LINE II. WELLS, ' "1.il. - ng hou-e-ho- M wonderful stor3 Sing the sweet and touching story Of the ba!e in Bethl'em born; How the morning star with glory Lighted that auspicious morn. e fellow-creature- s, HOME AFFAIRS. li 1 1 Maky Goff is authorized to act as agent for the Woman's Exponent in Aimy, Wyoming. Pen Sketch of an Illustrious Woman, which n omitted in the two last numbers, will be continued in our next. Sisters Presendia L. Kimball and Elizabeth Howard attended the Sisters' Stake Conference held at Grantsville on the 11th and th inst. has-bee- 1-- We have received from Sister S. M. Kimball, Secretary central board R. S., an interesting account of Relief Society work in England, which we shall publish in 1st ot January number. Also a report of Beaver Stake Conference. We have been favored with two or three pleasant calls from Dr. Albei t J. Eeftingwell, of Brooklyn, N. V., who is here to study the "Mormon" question, or people, lor journalistic purposes. He seems honest and free from prejudice, and we trut he will at least speak truth iulJy in writing anything concerning Utah and her people. Os Friday, Nov. 7, a number of ladies and gentlemen, friends of Dr. Romania Pratt, met Ward to .surprise her at her residence in the eldest son, Parley P. Pratt, Juu., on the twenty-firs- t anniversary of his birth. The evening was very pleasantly spent in social intercourse, music, and congratulatory speeches from President A.M. Cannon, J. P. Freeze, Dr. Ellen B.Ferguson and other guests; Fin: Annual Conference of the Relief Societies of Salt Lake Stake will be held on the 17th of December in the Council House, instead of the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms as heretofore, and the Conference of the Y. L. M. I. A. and i rimary Associations on the 18th of December at the same place. The room will be comfortably warmed, and although the weather is cold, it is hoped there will be a good representation from all the several branches of each of these organizations. Reports should be sent in as early as possible, so that each Secreno tary may prepare herself, that there may hindrance, as there is always a desire to bear instruction from those who preside over these A very cordial invitation is exsocieties. tended to the brethren to attend, and especially Bishops, who are of course interested in Relief 1- -th pub-lihe- d Whit more twautiful and tender Than the blessed Savior's birth? Cradled in a lowly manger, Was the King of all the earth. Of all people, the latter-da- y Saints, whose experiences have been in many instances so cruel and hard, and whose principles arc of such an exalted nature, should abound in heavenly charity, which remembers the. unfortunate and seeks out and administers to the poor and needy. There are many who do this, and they are mi. tiring in their eflbrts to reform 'the erring and comfort and relieve the destitute, the widow and orphan, hut the blessed Christmas should o en the hearts of all, even the thoughtless and in- different. There are many dear old ladies who have no loving hands to caress them, or stroke their silvery hair, no one to anticipate their wishes and bring them little elegancies or luxuries at the Christina- - time, and they were mice young beautiful; they too have had all the comforts of home, and may have leri with atliuen:e, but Lime' lias changed all this, and their loved ones are laid away, or are In other lands, which they have left for the Gospel's sake; they are in need of sympathy aud tenderness. Do not forget them. You who have so many pretty things, give them a nice handkerchief, a pair of gloves, a pretty ruffle, a piece of soft Jace for the neck they wore delicate Jaces in the "long ago" a (right ribbon or necktie to cheer their sober faces; they are too and-perhap- sur-round- I old to hang up their stockings, and tod keenly sensitive to ask favors, though they would fall like the fragrant dew upon the wilted flower Such gentle deeds of holy charity, and kindly words, and sunny smiles will never be forgotten-thangels will record them above, and they will call down the blessings of heaven in rich showers upon all who thus minister to their and will prove both to the doer and the recipient a true Christmas blessing. ed Society work. Ouk readers will be pleased to hear of the visit of Sisters Eliza R. and Zina I), iu Southern Utah. In 1st December number we gave a few items of their journey, and told you of their arrival in St. George on the lth of November. From a ieiter written by "Aunt Zina," dated Nov. L'5 and L'o, w e have the proceeding of a week in that city of the Temple. Monday, 'Jd, spent in a preparing records, etc., called on Sister Artemis.-Snow, who, though in feeble health, is the same genial, pleasant, jatient Saint as in former days; and also called on Susa Gates, who has a beautiful acbaby girl two week old. L'3d, The sisters, J E. companied by Sisters Minerva Snow and Ivins, went to Washjngton (not D. C), Utah, stayed over night and organized a Primary; they had "a very interesting time," and everywhere salva- they find faithful workers in the cause of I t 