WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 154 ungodly men. He has heard and taken cognizance of the" cries of the millions of suffering women and children and has turned thelide which is increasing daily in power and influence, and nothing this side , of heayen.can stay its progress; and. weak r man would do well to note it, and understand that our Heavenly Father, when He gave him power to rule, intended that he should do it in righteousness instead of which he has taken advantage of his privileges, and God will hold him accountable for it; and until man is willing. to acknowledge woman as his equal, and allows her to stand by his side and have a voice in all matters that concern the welfare of women as well as men, he need not expect to be prospered. And if I had not received a testimony that God had set1 His hand lor the last time to accomplish His purposes, I might fear that the work of regenerating and redeeming the human family would prove a failure. I certainty believe thjt it will continue to make slow progress until His servants and handmaidens are willing to work together in harmony. We are continually taught thai we must become . one in all things, and many who preach this, will in the next breath (figuratively speaking) ridicule and sneer at the idea of woman's aspiring to become his equal. One of the great objections raised to women holding office is" that they would be subjected to hearing rough and insulting language, which would be very revolting to any lady ; but if courts have become such low pits as they seem willing to admit, would it not bo worth the trial to give ladies tlie opportunity of cleansing them? I think that the presence of the refining A CONTENTED WIFE. . my readers to understand that I but the very oppoam not an and mother as wife site am as happy.-generally falls to the lot of woman. I love my nome, ttDU ueiiovo iuai x aiu taiug iu my sphere, and a noble one, toof but is this a pi'oof that woman should have no other aspirations, that she should al ways be satisfied with working at home, within a nutshell as it were, and not daring to look higher, than the rOof oLher own domicile? No; there is not a woman of any spirit that I wish office-seeke- r, . a could feel satisfied, much les3 a true Latter-da- y Saint, whose mind has been expanded bv ttie Heht of the everlasting Go3pel. We know that Eve. was first to partake of the tree of knowledge, which the Bible declares "made them as Gods;"and that Adam was subject to the fall as well as she; and we know that when God in His tender mercy sees fit to take the curse from man he will from Woman. If the minds and intellects of women have been blunted, so have those Thousands who of men in proportion. have had the talents have not had the opportunity to improve upon them. I confess that before reading the various articles published in our dailies upon woman's disabilities. I had felt but little interest in the matter; not that I was ignorant of the fact that lor generations women have been' looked upon by the majdrityof men just as any other surplus article would be. The supply exceeds the demand, and therefore they have been treated with far less respect and consideration than most men would like to have shown to their beast9. The-littlvalue put upon woman hashad the effect of lowering her in her own estimation for generations past, and has been one great cause of the degradation of so many thousands. How many have been driven to lives of shame by want and starvation starAnd how many an ing them in theface innocent, but thoughtless girl has been led from virtue's path by wolves in sheep's clothing, who promised always to love and cherish her; but instead have deserted and left her, friendless and alone, to the mercy of a cold and unfeeling world, and after a few useless struggles, she, finding her.char- aeter forever ruined, sinks.to rise no more; while the fiends in human shape are allowed to associate with the, good and pure, moving in the best society, and are considered fit husbands for pure, innocent girls, and to hold any office, from the President downl -I have not the time nor space, if I had the ; disposition, to tell the different causes for woman's fall; but I ask, in the name of and humanity, how sensible and honorable men can be so blind, or wonder that woman should at last rise with a fixed determination to break the shackles, that have so long bound her, and become "free, and man's equal instead of his' slayer Many years ago some good angel whispered to me that there was a brighter day dawning for woman; I could not tell how it was coming, but from that felt perfectly satisfied thai the Lord would bring it about in His own due time and in His own way. I had never thought of the franchise being given to woman, xnuch less did I expect that th the removal of woman's disabilities; the very mention of such a thing would have shocked me.: But since readlngund reflect. ing upon the subject, and tho condition of the human family, my eye have been opened, and X see the hand of an offended Uod reaching out to the assistance of His ""vi luug Buuenng aaugnters, who nave endured enough under the rule of , e con-scien- influence of women Would soon purify the atmosphere of a court house, or any other place. I can testify .that a great change has been wrought at the polls since ladies re- ceived the franchise, and .there were many at that time who predicted that we would disgrace ourselves. The "Prophet Joseph said that the sisters were always first in all good works, and we would "advise every brother who feels frightened at the thought of their stepping out of their place, and mayjbe into his, to go into his closet and shut the door, and "ask the Lord to show him "woman's sphere.'.' They remind me of the unbelieving world, who refuse to investigate our principles and condemn us without a hearing. I am confident that God will have respect for His handmaids, who have willingly bo Wed their necks to the yoke, proving their integrity by their g and patience works, their as are past the underthrough scenes such standing of man. Her labors and sacrifices for the exaltation of .others as well as herself ought to be remembered and rewarded with at least .the confidence of brethren; and I believe that when tho proper time comes the Lord will inspire their hearts to do them justice. I feel to acknowledgQ His hand in all tilings, and to unite my faith with the honest in iieart that He will reveal,Hidi,wiU iol thbselwhomwe.hiiyel. covenanted to sustain. I feel to honor them,, and also those who .have, had the moral, courage and firmness fx? stand up in theice; of ridicule and defend the cause of whose names are now spoken evil woof, but will yet be honored, as are the ' men whose acts contributed greatly to.the success of theNwar of independence., 'We have had plenty of examples in our own, eventful history tq prove what .women of the right type, are capable of doing; and the men who are.- so egotistical' as to believe lis all to be such dependen t creatures, should read th lives of some of !he "Women of - " long-sufferin- ce Morrhondoml,,f who have learned by sad experience to trust in God and not in man. "Cursed is he who maketh flesh his "arm"' andthojeiwho 'have done this have been eBhTQwn, So let us all see that om faith is not built upon a sandy foundation. Every mother who understands her mission will try to train up her children in the be: way that they should go, that they-macome bright and shining lights; but'donot, in your anxiety to have them excel, forget what you owe to yourself; for, if you aspire to nothing above housework, and, trying to make home comfortable and inviting to the inmates thereof, they are apt, in their upward course to honor and fame, to look upon you as the one intended by Providence to serve them. Let mothers early impress the truthupon the mindsof their children, and instead of encouraging ; their boys in false notions, show them the inconsistencies of one sex .being superior fb the other, when both are bom of the same, mother. God is an impartial Being, and created woman for as noble, a purpose as He did man; and I am thankful that there are a few who are honest and generous enough to acknowledge it. Such men are deservi ng and will always command the love and respect of every good and noble woman, H. M. W. S. L. City, Feb. 23, 1880. y ' R. & REPORTS. Midway. Our Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Associatian was organized in 1878, under the direction of IVliss 13. Hi Snow. The following are the officers now acting: Matilda Jacobs, President; Mary Watkins and Margaret Abplanal p, Counselors; Jane Alder, Secretary; Elizabeth Coleman, Trea... surer. ' - - ;'-'ir : ; - We hold our meetings once in two weeks; our exercises consist of select readings from the Church works, and, other.; good books, recitations, essays, compositions. We also hold monthly meetings conjointly- - with the Young. Men's Association, at which .the exercises are still more extensive and enterr x taining. We edit a monthly paper, entitled "The Star of Hope,' containing compositions, es3ays poetry, ;fce. Our Association numbers in all 'forty-tlre- e the'averageattend-anc- e . is twenty-fiv- e. We desire with the help of the Lord to do some ood, and be with the brethren to help Oil the;Laif$f-da- y 'wbr,and to the we faithful continue that hope may '; :" end. v:.' co-worke- f r9 . - ; - Matilda' Jacob, :Prea't. 1 , , tho-sisters- " . ,, On Saturday, , Marcli 5 .interesting concert was given iniFarminglon; meeting house by the Primary Association of that a place, under .the; superylsionof rIrs. Aure-liS. Rogers and her. counselors; at rwhich Z. D. YouTig were Sisters E. R, Snow-at- td present by invitation; The Parnifngton P. A. was the first One organteedi and it has been effective of great-gooin work and influence.' .Wehaye before tU;!pi$kHmme of the concert, which1 we shall publish in full in ou next l&ivis, r'ilyffotoenefit fe'e" :some of other a'slbc jaliohsT.wo hints on this subject., JS very jday encouraging reports reach us of these "organizations among the young, and it is a great satisfaction to know that tho children being channel. instructed the in carefully proper - d .. li'all ;rej 