I 's "'r1 r-- T y'' ;.') j.jc.t.'j! staffs. oar 16T Q MlA was ably addressed by Pres. Freeze and her Counselors, Louie Felt and Clara Young Conrad. Pres. Joseph Young then spoke to ' the slaters in a most fatherly and comforting way, and concluded by tinging "There is a land of pure delight," in his most happy mancer. Saturday afternoon the various Primary A87 sedations were represented by both written and verbal reports. Sisters Eliz R. Snow and ZinaJD. Young and Pres. A. M. Cannon each addressed the meeting for a short time upon subjects appropriate to the occasion. Conference adjourned for three months. GIVJE TO THOSE RIGHTS TO WHOM RIGHTS BELONG. A very few women of the land have expressed , their opinion with regard to their rights a citizens. I wish to express mine, and be numbered With the few. Can there be an organized First I would-ask- , kingdom without male and female? No. In the beginning God gave the. Jaw to Adam and Eve. Eve suffered, the penalty, and gained the knowledge of good and evil. She became the mother of all Jiving, to act a conspicuous part in the diama of human existence. "Male and female created He them." And God blessed them and said unto them: "Be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth, and pud- due it: and have do ru in ion oyer the fish of the sea, and over the fowls of the air, and every living thing that nioveth upon the earth." (Gen. 1, xxviii.) Without the woman chaos would now reign triumphant on the earth.' Man become deef woman, and she pendent upon wast fitted and constituted for the companion of man, to be one with him in all things, and what concerns one concerns the other. And it is my opinion that why the world at large is in such a plight and state of things is because woman's voice has not beeu heard in the Council; it has been set at naught as a vain thing. Yes, woman, you must be in silent submission stay at home and be as Martha, troubled about, many things. But be careful, and not learn the better part like Mary, leet you get too wise, and your aspirations lead 3 ou to have a voice the-creatio-n in public affaire. I say to all, women, make yourselves acquainted with the technicalities of law made by man, to govern you and your sons and daughters., Raise your voices on high to abolish law and billiard ealoons to that sustains make drunkards of your husbands, sons and brothers. That make possible," yes lawful, that lead women onward to houses of shame and destruction, and screen men from it while women are branded with infamy and total ruin, bpdy and sou1. Wo! to men who let your brothers go free in guilt, but punish what you call the weaker veseel with exile from respectable society, through the inconsistency of laws. I would again say to the women of the land, get in your possession "Mother Eve's" knowledge to know good and' evil, to ward off the curse that leads to misery and death.' Let women represent themselves, and plead for a system of things that will punish the cfTender. It is said, Thou shalt not commit adultery." There was a city spofeen of, its builder's name was Enoch, and be called its name after himself, and he walked with God three hundred years. Het and the city were taken up to heaven. Think you that those citizens did not understand the. law and order by which they were governed and perfected? Reason would answer they had knowledge of all things, and this gave them salvation and happiness. We grog-shop- s ill-fam- e, ; man-mad- e will portray the folly jof making intelligent be ings succumb (o ignorance and vanity We are determine d to i advance in literature and the art. It is hot to say, because we make ourselves acquainted with things that are going on around us, :tb'af. we want to fil positions hot befitting our sex, or teek for of flee; we will Jeye the men a clear field: But only those are fit for office who will act for the public gVod. And'l do'hope ''th'awpmen will not fall Into those ehbrs that men have com mltttd, viz., to make laws to Corrupt, degrade, persecute,, and to take a Way the4 liberty of Let the weaker speech and conscience. be the stronger in virtue, temperance, honesty ' -- preached to ber last; gathered id Kiitl&fd, 0. . and went upMilssburi'rwth what was called the :Big , pafiap pbartdwiniltbVin their drivings from Missouri ;id'tuyooIJl.; was with tbem In their ijrodus from ".NauTOO ? f , .'"'.. and the rights of the people. Maby" Ann , : im''iH den CltyWeberCp' She was the mother of ten 'cblldrenhad sevetity-eiggrandchildren and twenty.four greatrgrand children1 She was a kind and f--r fectionate mother, full ot integrity and firm in the Go pel of Jesus Christ, and sfeli quietly asleep witn the bright assurance of a glorious ANNE BiCklKGTON. resurrection. ht , Pratt. Welthenaembers of' the - NOTICE-- ; : to Pottawattamie,' Iowa7whre her companion died. She was then left with a large famlfy to care for, with'which. sbe crofsed tbe plains In 1850, and settled in the fail hi "said year In.Og- - m silk-wor- this j eari ms 4 ; .ili '1 Died, at Lewiston, Cache Co., Dec. 27, 1879, Sister Rhcda A-- Allred, alter an illness of nearly; two years. She was;Jborn4 March 15, Canada. Has been a teacher in 1834, the Relief Society, which pcsilion she .filled with honor to herself and interest to the She was well respected as a member Of this ward, and looked to the Lord in her afflic- B. T. tions. er , fc'd-cle- : ' ty. k Monroe. 't Be it resolved, that the members 'of th socfation deeply mourn ; h er ' los and ay mpa-- Z yi - At Alpine City, Utah Co., Feb. 29..1SS0, at friend, whose only regf et ou hbir dying bfed was that she had not bad the privilege of tg6lng to. the House, of the Lord and receiving her w, tn-dowme- I; month and 19 days Deceased was born at Stratford England. She emigrated with her only daughter in 1851, to S Louis, and in 1852 came on to Utah. She was a member of the Birmingham choir,and always delighted in hinging the praises of God. She was; one Presidents of the Primary Association of this place, and was highly res'fected by all who knew her' She lived and died firm to the truth Com. 70 years, 1 r-;-- 1 --rrq- on-Avo- of-th- sym-path- , , e rONENT. y 1U: i'Zl ' I . Lorek A. K. :rl: WAsnBORri , Prest. Jtjlia VVikka - 1 . , , - m 1 ' A MEMORIALS 1 ? 1 jjyr v vuhx the ; Rel'ef Society ' of Goshen, ib the -- of Mis Mary Llewellen'whos death was Jiublbhedln the Exfo&BBT of March 1. was beloved and rl spected s Our departed sister by all who knew her,?an4 we'rp cognize In our late much e teemed fellow member" a woman of great Integrity, one who was devoted by her faith and "works to her leilglon and her Gcd. She ever welcomed the Elders to her hbypltable her acboard, and. they speak. In high U?ms tive) willingness lo aid' the i progress of this U Church. : j. Resolved, that we eitehd to her family. In this eason of trieir gnat i be rcavement our rboping "they will follow hearlfc It ey r ner pfecep's djpathy, and example, arid while mourning her loss they may realize that though suddenly called 'from earth she has gtne where the 11 sh cannot hinder heVsprirual labors in that'para- , dlso'of bllsV; what through'old'age she was V- piqvented doing while ben'. 'Res jived,5 that we apkhowlldge herbontBly of purpose which was apparent to all5 her sls-""memory ' ' Died at Man lot's Ward,' Weber Co Utah , Feb. 28, 1880, from old' ae, SUter Sally Had lock. Deceased was bprn in the State 0' Nov. J3, 1796,- makii g her age 83 Con-necticu- U, - years, 3 months and 5 days,.; She moved from her na'iye S'ate to the Town of Jay, Qrleaas Co State of Vermont, whtre she- eru braced the Gospel in the year 1833. She observed the 'Word of Wisdom" fioai first heating it f - nts. - y Reeolvtd. that we tender our heartfelt fur the loss of so kind a companion and afleetioDate daughter. ; J, ! fJil"Z:i Resolved, that a copy of thefe rt solutions be given to, the parents of the deceaaed, and be recorded In' our general record book, and also furnished for publication in tho; Woman's Ex- - n, Died, in Fairvlew, Sept 11, 1879, Mary Powell Briggs, daughter of John and Mary Powell, and wife' of iiobert Briggs. Born in Mulmer-shir- e, LlmaSouth Wales?'on the 5th of October, 1822. She emigrated to Utah in" 1866; moved .with her husband to Fairview in' 807, where she resided until heir death. She was a faithful Latter-daSaint, taking an active part with the Relief Society, being.ppe of the grain committee; and during her last illness she positively refused the assistance of learned physicians, relying entirely upon the administration of the Elders. She died in full faith of the Gospel of Christ and in the) hope of a glo rious resurrect! om; Lois A. Wilson, Cor. Sec'y. U-iI- thl.e wtlh the bereaved parents, relatives and f.ienda in the loss ill so good and esf eemei a the residence of her W, J, Stiong, of old age, Eliza Dyer Houston, wife of the late Bishop Houston, first Jjishop of this place, aged son-in-la- Of phoid fever, afteran illness of three weeks. Oiena was bom Jn Aalborge, Denmark, Feb. 18,1864; her parent? emigrated to Utah while she was only a babe.. Bho died aged 15 years, ' -- IK 11 months and 2Ldajs. i;t , 1:1 In memory of our much esteemed repected and beloved tister, who has been removed from our midst by tho hand of our Heavenly Fa-- ! tber who giveth and takeih away at His own Twill aud pleaf uVe, she being a faithful' member of the Y. L. M. L A.; and also a Couuseior to the President rof the Primary Association of OBITUARIES, in-Upp- L. M. I. A. Monroe, Bevier Co., subscribe this memorial of respect to our departed sisteOlena Andersen, daughter of Oley C'iiistlsn and Anna Andersen, of this place, who died Feb. 7, 1880, of ty- Mrs. Martha A. Bingham, of Riyerdale, Weber Co., has forty (40) ounces of Silk-WoiEggs, in good condition, for sale. :This is an important item to those who ere1 desirous of raising Y".T 1 '- 