WOMAN'S- - EXP ONENT. bv a strong guard of heartless fiends tn take hla last farewell. and his wife was told that she need never think that she would see her husband again. Eliza" read an original poem dedicated to SMer Smith, which we publish in this number. The jll ftmhpd In lees than a fortnight from that date, her first child; a son (now one of the Twelve Aposwere very tles) was born. She and Slater Patten dear friends of my mother, both having lived with her in Kirtland previous to marrying brother Hyram. Sister Patten stopped witbmy and mother one summer, while her my father went East on missions. Brother and Sister Patten were the first td welcome us to their house in Far West, where we stayed a . bus-ban- few days to reenperate as our bodies were weakened by alcknfc83,in consequence of the arduous evening was spent in conversing and some remarks were made by Elder Woodruff ahd Pres. John Taylor. Mother Whiteny saugin her most happy manner A Song ofZion This venerable lady is well known to thousands of the Latter-da- y Saints, to whom she is specially endeared for many amiable qualities and her ministrations of love in days of adversity and aUo for her services in the Temples andHouss cf the Lord. Although, she Is now in titr eightieth year she Is in the enjoy ment of health and her spiritual faculties are brighter if pos sible than ever. WOMAN'S VOICE. (To be Continued.) As an Individual f feel to rejoice at the bright proj ect for the women of Utah; I have often felt that it was unjust that the sons should be bo much more highlyjalued and esteemtd than the daughters, now I preceive that woman's position U as honoroble as that of man. We as parents in the family circle consider our sons aad daughters equal, then why not pur hevenly parents regard theirs the larne. Why are we women given voices if they may not be heard in the adjustment of laws for the protec- HOME AFFAIRS. the pleasure of attending tne annual meeting of the Relief ciety of the 19th Ward Mrs. Rachel Whipple presidlng.iThe meeting was exceedingly inter- eating. Sister Eliz R. Snow Smith,M. Ifabella Home, Presendia M. Kimball and other able speakers addressed the meeting. Mother Whitney sang a song of Zion her voice ringing out clear and musieal. The meeting adjourned to the Relief Society Hall near by where a bounteous repast was laid, but previous to parSo- ; tion of our children against the evils of the world? Why are we given reason if we are not to use it for the good of ourselves and our race . It seems to me if the feeling and tradition to look down upon our sex was called the Twin Relic of Barbarism it would be rightly named. In all we do or say let us be moderate not radical be fcufe we are right aLcfin "harmony with true prlnciple3 then press forward. As a small community here we are striving to retain the spirit and blessing of our heavenly Father and trying to do our d lty and may God grant that we may keep our feet in His path is the prayer of your humble sister in the Gospel of Christ. The Exponent is welcomed here and read with interest. taking of itlfrder Wm. Asper made a dedicatory prayer. This buildi rg is owned by the Society and has recently been remodelled and nicely fitted up. The floor is entirely covered With a substantial rag carpet; and the windows are ornamented .with, handsome netted curtains the handiwork of one of the sisters. We congratulate the Society on their house and hpe others may be able to do likewise. Sericulture in pamphlet form has just been issued from the Star Office in this city. The book has been compiled carefully from the best authors extant by Daniel Graves A Treatise on Hilhdale Iron of Provo whose zeal and labors for the establishment of this useful home Industry are high- ly commendable. It is certainly a good text , ' . a select the friends Mis. JBathsh'eba W. Smith assembled at her residence in honor of' the lady's birthday. . Mrs. Rachel R. Grant was the originator of the entertainment and assisted the hostess In doing the honors on the party of 3d, t of . Among the guests were Pres-Joh- n Taylor and a number of, the "Apcs'Ies. Wilford Woodruff, Erastus Snow, D.H. Wells Joseph F Smith also' Sisters Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Eliza .'ft. Bnbw Smith, Hannah T. KIng.M. Isabella Horne and ma ay other veteran and staunch, sixers as well as brethren, and old time friends of the lady whom they had met to congratulate and happify.. . Refreshments were served at six o'clock and while the guests were seated at table, "Slsjer ledge and attend to the daily duties . that are required of us from day to day, in our families and neighborhoods, blessing and strengthenipg each other in the faith of thaGpspel of truth. , Millville. Mary Geates : - . The subject of teachers comes most forcibly mind just now, for. I have had a little experienca iuthis office being favored with the blest opportuaity of attending to that duty ffor. upwards of seven years, in times past, and through the blessings of the Almighty I had health and strength during that time to perform the duties required of me. I belelve, that a teacher Ishould be blessed with light and wisdom with quick discernment able to descern If the spirit of the Lord is .sin the habitation we visit, Ifnot try and find out the cause. We should always cultivate a so that we quiet, meek spirit within ourselves can advise with our slatera such things as will be for their best good and welfare and for the furtherance of .God's king lorn upon the happy occasion. rel-lativ- es , earth. . We 'should .dress, neat and clean and use into cur econmy In all that is committed let them; be charge: Jf we want orcamVnts should set ex the work .of our own hands. We to amplei worthy of iralation notjforgeting call before we eat upon the Lord in secret prayer out on our visit. Ask Him to. aoompauy us and to assiatus by his holy spirit thatall wdo one feel maybedoaeiu rightoumes I far the enerthankful to my heavenly Father that caMed into exercisa. gies of woman are being I knww that we can dp something for the good V, OBSERVE THE GOLDEN RUkE. ; I should like to mingle my voice with my sisters through the columns cf our Jittle paper.' There are but a few of us hero io Eden it being a. small place, still we have some goad metings Anotwe fke a deep interest in trying to do light. For my part I think that we fchould4- be united and strive to live rjgbtecugJy at,a improve and stop aVl backbiting; if we fry to. live up to our duty we have somthingof more to 02cupy our time and we should improve in our manners and learn to .guard pur tongues and our temper?, and strive to4do right and learn to keep the golden iule(.To dp to others as you would that : they: should do to you." I think if we would, observe the golden rule more than. we do W,e would be more united improve more rapidly and enjby a better spirit. Oh, what happiness there would then be; and if we would be more prayerful and hnmbleaod try to live up to every piinciplebf Ouj? religion, Satan coulave little or no owe'ri'for I he is usinS his ulmbat endeaVots'alld trythe' earth:1 itwe ing to bring destruction upon - ioairtetiot)we Hear would'Iisten to the goodand put them into practice we would enjoy more true happiness than wo can in any other - pur-selv- es im-portan- ca -- . be-lei-ve - way. v --- ..v.: . . E. oBiffARiia Wilson. to-m- y m?, On Monday afternoon May Co., Utah. D. in reading its columns. subjects. Synopsis of History of Sericulture, Cultivation and .Variety of Trees.VaTlous kinds Of Silk-worDiseases of Worms, Causes and of Price 25 eta.' Julia Your interesting paper comes duly fo hand once every two weeks. I take great pleasure book for those who purpose doing anything in this branch of work. The Index gives this list Remedies, Feeding, Cocoonery and Hatching, Preservation, of Eggs and CocoonsjNotea. The book contairjs forty-tw- o pages and is well worth the money. It ought to be. circulated throughout the Territory. As it is the intention of the officers and directors of the parent Silk Association to push forward this creditable enterprise at a more rapid speed than it has heretofore. Tbe bpok is for eale at this office. do much to improve ourselves, : Can read gpod books and store pUr minds with useful know- I have thought for tdme time that journey from vKirtland. On Tuesday May 4, we had tbecommuaity at Urge." If we will not hide up in the earth the talents that the Lord has given us; but improve on them that we may gain other talents We can of ourselves and; JF. - :;' . Died: at Mendon, Cache County April 10th, 18S0, Mary Ann wife of the latb John Gardiner year?,she was born fn Glocnester-shir- e, England and was baptized into tie Churpji of Jesus Chri.t of L. D. S.,iu the Ciiajford Branch ef the Cheltenham Conference' y,'ffidei'jmeB Stephens on the 22nd, of May 1845. And emiShe grated with her family to Utah,iHj died as she had lived, a faitbul, .tterday Saint, rejoicing in the hope of a, glorious She leayeaa numerqu a j progeny behind her who we trust will etrjiveitPjrp member i t; IMo and emulate her virtues.: aged 74 r treaur-;;,recti- on. " ( i; ; lov Cqsl Died: at Hdytsville of erysipelas Mri And England Loire, born at Slole,Bunierset-s!iire- t December 13th', 1811 j died Feb. 9lbj 18S0f8ged Viiy p. 68 years, one month - and 1 Wehty-el- x -- Fnnerai: ervice3' were beldiafcutbevmeetiog Iioase Feb 11th.; the house being crowded', by friends and relation. - - it? 13 a f?0& Itemarks were inaderby Bishops Winter of no.-- i iA Hoy tsvillef and Rouudy of Wansblp 'Mrs Lowe waaa woman telovedanrepeeted ever a faithful by all who; kne w her and was Said taf ter'jbining tbe'oilurcri ov. Latter-dd- y 6th 1845. After mpviLg to Hoytsvllie sheWaa years president of therlieiief Society1 for five on eridof resigned the thitiojeehe but at of poor healthy From a family of eight children four are, left to mourn her Ioes. ac-cou- We.pnly know tbat'tiiou biwt Von( And that th tame Hturnlesa;tid p Which bore thee from us; atlll flldet on And we, who mcmro thee, with It f llda." ro - nt 