WOMAN'S EXPONENT Said she knew it was right to keep herself clean; and also encouraged the sisters to diligence. Sister Mary Tackipo (Lamanite) said she felt glad to meet with the sisters from Payson; had known some of them for a long time. Said she was learning to keep house, and assisting her husband in his labors. Said she liked it better than her former way ot doing. ALEAF ters could mingle together. Bro. Joseph(Lamanite) said he was glad to see the sisters from Payson. Said the Indians with him felt well; felt like doing right, and loved . peace. . Sistsr Hannah Moritze (Lamanite) said she felt well in hearing the sisters who had spoken there that day. Was anxious to learn to keep house and to keep herself clean. Sister Annetta Panawatts (Lamanite) said she felt well and was glad to hear what she had heard. Was willing to learn how to become a Saint, but was rather slow. good Latter-da- y Said she felt different altogether since she had been baptized. Sister Jane Simons said she felt well in meeting with the- sisters, and of hearing what she had heard from the white women and also the Lamanite sisters. Felt that the Spirit of God was there on that occasion. Gave some - instruction and encouraged the sisters to diligence and to be faithful. Said she was present at the dedication of the Kirtland TemHad heard the Prophet Joseph Smith ple. prophecy in regard to the Lamanites embracing the Gospel in the last days. Related to them a testimony of the laying on of hands. Sister D, D. Tanner said she felt well could see a great improvement in the Lamanite's since she came to this valley and in the Helief Society. Prest. John Spencersaid he was glad to have the opportunity of meeting with the Relief Society of Indianola and said, I am pleased to see our Sisters who have been with said they had an object in view in lis coming to, visit the Lamanite Sisters described W founxLthe. Lamanites. in their low state some three years previous, fcaia they are xn commencing to gather in, they say the Latter-da- y Saints are the only friends they have got. President Young told them many years ago that we desired to teach them truth. There is a great labor in teaching them in their temporal as well as their spiritual affairs,also encouraged the sisters in their labors. Sister Douglas felt glad to see the peace and y would good order which we have had like very much to visit the Lamanite sisters at good to-da- y, i to-da- their homes. Sister Seely said that she felt glad that the sisters had come to visit and hoped it would not be the last time. Said she felt willing to take hold and assist all she could in teaching the Lamanite sisters, and also the brethren,said they were making great improvements and are willing to learn everything that is taught to them. Brother Joseph's wife was administered to by Brother John Spencer. President Lod-isi- a Spencer spoke, returned her thanks to the visiting sisters said she app&ciated the good spirit that had been there that day and was glad her sisters had come from Payson to visit them and hoped it would not be the last time. Singing. Benediction by Bro. Joseph, (Lamanite.) Lodisia Spfncer Pres. M. V. Selman, Clerk, Protem. Tullidgk's great play of Elizabeth, which was written expressly for Julia Dean Hayne will be read at the Theatre this evening. Washington Territory has had one lady School Supcrindeut, and her success was so satisfactory that the Democrats there, have nominated ladies for the position in three other counties. , FROM MY DIARY. September 28, 1880 I got up very early this morning, in order to have all things ready and get to the depot in good time. Cousin George and the little boys went along to carry my things. There was quite a company of us, and no doubt people, thought the whole family were going, but they didn't. Well, I got safely on the cars, budgets, bundles and satchels, and Cousin George got me a ticket for home. The car was full of people, and they all seemed to be going the same way. I deposited myself on the seat with my bundles, for I was bound to keep an eye on them. I raised the window and put down the blind, and settled myself comfortably, taking out my paper and pencil to note down anything I might see by the way. As the car moved on there was too much draught, so I raised the blind and put down the sash, which gave me a better view of the, country, and I was enjoying myself immensely. Some people can't enjoy themselves unless they are talking, and some are never happy unless they are miserable, to making some one else so, but I like a variety. Presently a gentleman came to a seat in fronr of me, and finding it1 unoccupied, turned it over and sat down Well, he sat down in front of me, as I said beforej arid by the way he looked at me I thought he wanted to be sociable. I thought I'd try and be sociable too, so I handed him one of my new books, just pnblished. He looked at the outside of tho book, and then he opened it and oofced at the inside. Then he picked out a piece and commenced reading it. By and by he said: "MadNow, ambiguity am, you are ambiguous." never was one of my besetting sins. My worst enemy never called me ambiguous, and I felt like the woman who was haying her husband tried in court for beating her. "Madam," said the judge, "does your husband beat you with impunity?" "Nq, your honor," said she, "he vis-a-vi- s. ,bmt ; . ; . But I said nothing,' oBlJ book and said "How?" He explained the matter to me and made a few general remarks on punctuation and the ignorance of some people, and went on reading. I leaned back in my seat and made a few reflections on things in general and ambiguity in particular. After a while he leaned over toward me and said: "Did you ever have any trouble in yonr early life, that should give your writings a tone of sadnes?" And I said, "No, not as I know of." He picked out another piece and read it, and then said: "When did you write this piece?" years ago." I almost "Oh, about twenty-fiv- e hated to say so long ago, but it was the truth and I said it. "Well," said he, "didn't you know the Cullom Bill made it a crime?" "What a crime?" said I, wondering if I had been ambiguous again. "Why," he saio ''advising a man to marry two wives." Now I was ?n a fix, worsa and worse. I studied the matter over a while and then said: "I must have written that before the Cullom Bill passed, because I wrote that when I was first married, and I had been married a long while when the Cullom Bill passed." And then I sat back and reflected on the perversity of human naa ture, and how it could be I had committed crime in telling a man to marry two wives, and finally concluded there would be no crime,unless the man actually did marry two wives, and then I might be accessory, through having to d him to; and my mind was getting tolerably calm again, when he looked up and asked if he should criticise my book in sections, or if I wished him to do it all then. I said, by no -him so much. means, I would not trouble He handed me the book and walked away. I took up my pencil and wrote a poem something, V like this: 75 You ask mc why a rcjin of 'sadness Mingles with my sweetest lay; Dost thou think that naught but gladness Ever lay along my way. Gliding on life's changing river, Many happy years I've spent; Dost thou think that sorrow never To my heart her shaft has sent? Could I part with father, mother, CWldrcu, hfme and dearest friends, And each tender impulse smother, That a passing sadness blends? Let the poet tell his fancies, Light they arc, perhaps, and vain, Hut their fitful fever dances Ever through his busy brain. Dost thou never think that sorrow, Ofttimes seen in pasting by, Of his sympathy may borrow Teardrops to bedew his eye? Hard the heart, and all unfeeling, That can know no other's pain; Or, in sympathy revealing, Make the thought his own again. Dost not know that poet's nature Is to fori what others see? Loves he every human creature, And his spirit must be free. Let him, then, indulge his dreaming, Be his fancies sad or gay;. And whate'er of sorrow seeming. sweetest lay. He will siiw ArxT Jane. WOMAN'S VOICE I have often thought that I would like to have a voice with the rest of my sifters in our valuable little paper. But in taking my pen I feel my weakness, Avhen I see the bright intelligences "that dwell among my beloved sisters. But nevertheless with the help and assistance of the spirit of my Heavenly Father, I will endeavor to say a few words, I have not the language to express my gratitude: I thank OTp,ihqr ia Heaven tlmt l,c has Iwught ine out of Haturc st light of the Gospel. When I heardI the Elders emigrated preach I embraced it with joy. handcart the of companies and in the first year rejoiced that I was counted worthy to make a little sacrifice for the Gospel's sake, and the Lord has blessed me abundantly; and I feel proud to be associated with the chosen jeople of God, and pray that I may be ever worthy to be one with them. I must say the people of Wellsville are a good kind and warm hearted to strengthen people and the sisters are trying in building up the the hands of our brethren an excellent kingdom of God, and we have to the Sunday School which is a great blessing thinkthis I have been youn". While writinir Hill's songs, which ing of one of Sister Emily we sang together on the plains. The chorus ran thus: "Hail ye heirs of glory, All hiil, ye shall be Mesxed; Yonr deeds shall live in story, While nnborn ages rest And I feel that the names of the faithful handcart girls will be handed down in honorable remembrance from generation to generation. A WORD FOR Til E 1 A X IX' A RT GIRI. . 1 Susannah Stone Lloyed. Wellsville Sept. 7, 180. . Garfield is such a man as Mr.-- Sara of th people, Spencer descriles "a man a brave, strong, tender and pure; workinman, and a a soldier, a statesman, a gentleman to children scholar; reverent to women, loving --had kind and loving to all that is human him make better thank God for the chance to If Gen. we our president Ex. 