WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Mormon poetry will yet be the outside world. It will posts' originality and contain truth two recommendations. There are no people anywhere who have more subject and material for poetry than mon history-ansought after by d There are not books Saints. the Litter-da- y vaenough published; the people need a greater these riety. Then by all means let us encourage ' v home enterprises. CIRCULAR. Presidents of Relief Societies awl Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Chrid of L'ltter-da- To fhc y Saints. Dear Sisters: I wish to publish a volume of my poems, some of which you have read hi the Woman's Exponent, but being unable to do so unassisted, I would respectfully ask you to can- meetings for subscribers. The book inches wide, and 7 inches long, containing about 275 pages, printed in large type on tinted paper, with portrait. Cloth covers, one dollar and a half; morrocco covers, one dollar cents. Covers handsomely and seventy-fiv- e gilded. If subscribers will forward one dollar each towards paying the publishers, the remainder can be paid when the books are ready, which will be announced through the press. I will pay postage on the books. The book will contain many pieces too long for newspaper use; religious, domestic, sentimental and humorous. Hoping, dear sisters, to soon hear from you, as I would like to have the books in press before vas in your will be 4 Christmas, I remain, your co-labo- rer in the Gospel, Joyce CfwcirERox. Augusta club, by registered letter. p. S. Send in Address, Mk-5- . AuciUSTA Joyce Crociieron, P. (). Rox 419, Salt Lake City, Utah. We endorse the above. Rathsheba W. Smith, E. R.Snow, p:imina S. Taylor, M. I. Home, R. Wells, Z. D. Young, Emmeline Phebe W. Woodruff, Mary A. Freeze. Wait Lake City, Nov. 27, 1SS0. 'OBITUARY As a token of respect, we record the death of Sister Sarah Ann Taylor, wife of Jabez Taylor, and daughter of John and Hannah Ellis, born in Sussex, England August 2d, 1847, aged thirty-thre- e years and two months. Departed this life October 2d, 1S30, in the 11th Ward, Salt Lake City. Deceased leaves a husband and four chil. dren, and a host of friends, who have cause to remember her as a faithful wife, a devoted mother, a good neighbor, and, a true Latter-daSaint. She was a member of the Relief Society and y. L. M. I. A., and has left an example worthy of imitation, and has passed from death unto life eternal. Com. y of inflamDied, at mation of the lungs, Ernest Albert, son of David E, and Caroline Adams, aged evcm months and ten days. He was a. fine, promising boy. Rro. Adams, the father, is in Arizonav and lias never seen his boy, which seems, quite sad, fbut the 1ord giveth,and the Lord takethf Way," and those who trust in Him have strength given them to endure all trials and sorrows. Alpine, Utah Co., Nov. !), CORRESPONDENCE. . Green Rank, La faster Co.. iSS". 'y' Sarah Oct. 23, Mrs. Mi Kimball: Dear Sister We have arrived nt my sisters here in old Lancaster Co,; I will now try to fulfil my promise to you. We are well, and have had a pleasant tripmost of the time we have had good weather, we have not met with any accident, for which we feel to thank our Heavenly Father. We went over to Southern Kansas to Hee the Rishop's brother, Mr. James Weiler; we had a good visit and had the pleasure of seeing that beautiful country. If it would rain, so that the people could raise their crops, Kingman County would soon be filled with settlers; but the cron have failpri for twn vpnrs. .md t.hfc farmers are becoming discouraged. While visiting in Kingman, we met with a Presbyterian, minister's wife, who appeared very anxious to learn something about our faith and doctrines. We lost no time, but made the best use of every moment trying to tell her the truth'. She had read Ann Eliza's book, and wauted to know of me what kind of a woman she was, and of course I told her the truth as far as I knew, and I believe it hatLa very good impression. We left one of Rrother Morgan's pamphlets with her. Ann Eliza's book is in a great many places where we have been, and people read it, and there is nothing with m reach to contradict her statements. We have had that hook to fight all the way through. I met with a blind woman in Congress, Ohio, that was a young girl when 1 was a girl. I had not seen her lefore since I joined the Church. She told me that she had never heard one word spoken in favor of the In other places JSIormon people, until that day. where we have been they are so wrapt up in their minister and possessions, that I cannot see, when they do not have time nor a desire to hear the truth, how any one is to blame if they do not hear it when they have an opportunity. I heard a Methodist minister say a man may be a saved man and not know it; he talked about the kingdom of God in their hearts. It seemed to me almost impossible that intelligent people could sit and spend their time Jktenfng to such nonsense. Take the mass of the ieop!e that we have conversed with, they do not seem to understand what they are in this world for, only la-to eat and drink, and work and get rich. The dies inquire of me how the ladies do in polygaman has my; one lady asked me, "When ashould die, three or four wivos, if one of them would the others go to the funeral:" All such foolish to me indeed, the blindness of this generation on foolish questions, at least they seem has things pertaining to ourso future existence, on has as it plain never appeared to me this trip. nrT have all been triad to see us come, r.,r vi to have us tro away. The Rishop a faithful testimony to his borne and has talked brothers and sisters; what goou it win uo remains to bo sen in the future. This has been a year of plenty in Indiana, Ohio and Pennsylvania. As a general tiling has been they have raised goodof crops, andAsthere traveled we fruit. plenty of all kinds the look did beautiful; through Ohio, everything with touched "in been frost, the woods had trees md the leaves were every tint and hue. How I did enjoy looking at the beauties of nature. I world, but I have always enjoyed this beautifulseason of the this had not seen the woods at it very year for so many years, that I enjoyed -- mi see by the papers that our folks have sent us, know the that you had a splended Conference; I one wants Saints enjoyed it very much. If any of the to know how to appreciate the society two or of trip Saints in Utah let them take aoutside friends. t hree months off amongst their are how going on, politics I must tell you day. is every strife increasing the political party 'in Rousburg, Democratic meeting I was at a Ohio; the speakers talked about the Republican out m narty and Garfield and pictured things such a light that a disinterested person-woulset them all down as black legs and scoundrels; where they then I wa at a Republican meeting low mean and out did the Democrats in slang K the whole thing pointing towards a language, waT. I told one gentleman that I talked with, ly have bloodmy Wore was they . might, pbssibHe said he was shed they got through. to fee! quite seemed very much afraid of thai; he ladies think (a great bad aboul the matter. The allowed to they ought to be many of them) that are Prohibthe of jn favor manv of them were if peiten Candidates, others think they another fiair rmit to vote they would pull onemake matters at the polls and that would not as good told them they were worse we go to then as we were in Utah: forhave any v?and go home again and never trouble over it. ELiasAllCTj; woxer. 101 THE BOOK OF MOMON. The Book oi Mormon is a history of the former Inhabitants of this continent, and from it we learn that the Lord has brought people three distinct times to live upon it, the first was the Jaredites, they came from the Tower of Babel, then the people of Lehi, who left Jerusalem in of the first year of the reign therr commencement v. . I I T r el - vi ieuesjiiu T: .iviug oi 1 m 1 7- -1. ucmu, iumji wufu,wtj peu- - pie of Zarahemla came from Jerusalem, at the time that Zedekiah King of Judah was carried away captive into Babylon. They wore discovered by a company of Nephft es, they united and Mosiah was afterwards their ICing. The Book of Mormon contains enough evidence within its own pages to satisfy any one of its divine authority many prophecies which it contains have been fulfilled, while many remain to be yet fulfilled. On page 234; we find that if the Nephites rebelled against God they would be destroyed from oflthefacepfJJie earth, which they eventually were. In the s(Xhd Book of eon of Nephiwe hayea prophecy of Joseph, the Jacob who was carried into Egypt. He said that the seer that the Lord would raise; up,sh.ould bring forth the word of the Lord, meaning thes, Rook of Mormonunto his seed, that is the that his name should be Joseph and. that it should also be the name of his. father, the "word" was brought fprth by Joseph Smith Jun. In the Book of Alma we read that the; plate should be presented by the hand of the Txrd,. until they should go forth unto every nation the Rook of Mormon was translated from a part of those plates, and more is to be revealed in due Lam-anito- time. :. Xephi the son of Lehi knew that the Messiah would visit Hie Jews in Jerusalem in $00 years after he Nephi had left Jeursaiem, also that he would visit the people on this continent which visit is recorded a9 having taken place at the time among the Nephites. In the New Testament we read that Jesus told his disciples that he had other shee he would visit. Ajso the new star that should appear on this conthv ent and the night which should be as light as world was day. as a sign that he came into the fulfilled, having been prophesied or many years before. Nephi says, "It shall come to pass that the Lord will bring forth unto you the words of a book; and they shall be the words, of them Tumfuirf?. fhfl hook shall be dellv ered to a man and he shall deliver the words to another also it shall W hid from the eyes of the world, save three witnesses, the one to whomit should be delivered, and a few. according to;the urlwt with the . ihnci ff w vam mnvprmnl 111 JL nA W ;n kUUOT) UWUj jJl : c k ,.C Un TlrV rf Mnrmnn Will rftaQllV see the truth of these predictions,aIso of ahpwmff a copy of the characters to Prof. Antbon which has been written about by I,believe Elder Orepxv vv.v I 'rait. a vjswu iepni saw mJordan a propacv ana ajso le baptized beyond Ueifnrtk- him. mean- r i limb miuuju uiciKwc kjw n.fv,..sick: healed the beheld be the John Baptist, ing hfted bv him, and that the MessiahI should be SuO ov saw years this Neph up on a cross. All before it came to pass, auw would become a dark and loathsome people, fulA volume might be written of prophecy,to the filled and much is written that pertains future which we may consistently WtEJ?ul. work as the also, for it is as much an inspired of being translated Bible with the advantage correct,y' Ann Fellows. . , . ap-point- ed ' h: First Ward, Ggden City.. THE NEW TREATMENT FOR CANCER. called the Lan The London medical journal pup . cet, an authority amongst the professions, Queen John ashes a paper by Irofessor method" of treatingthat terCollege, on a new off bo rible disease, cancer, which has carried. victims even under the most skillful many . XTsse'r 'S Clay's treatment Perhaps this statewith the use of the knife. from t ment will provoke a smile school of ptice,ak on those who pretend to the r . ms for the cure Of ncer by dttigs Ud as quacks and impostors. But tbeymaj diang their minds after hearing, f new remedy , "'Mng twenty-fiv- e 3 J&SS tatenuUly,. grains daily. Ordinwy 