W OM A N S E X TO MOTHER WOODARD OK HER of the windows into the area that surrounded the house, and was immediately killed: Serenty years of a noble life wife! X tender mother, a faithfnl who know go mach those words to those and woe, The hoars of care and pain storm when the heats wild, The sleepless nights, absent for her child; And the mother prays abore in bends grief pitying Or The suffering form of one she lores; And works' with' terrible pain in her heart, L?gt from the sufFrer she soon must part. And oh! when Jiet.IonelyjTgUsjVer, And the loved, form carried from out her door, How lonely her home, to her heart how bare, Though lored ones still assemble there. And when time has worn from others the smart, It is still, still there in her aching heart; And oft when the household arc locked in sleep, Alone will she muse o'er the past, and weep. Yet other sorrows, more hard to bear, It is oft the mother's lot to share; And her bitter tears, by anguish wrung, Arc hidden from every eye but One-- He, Who has given her strength to bear The grief that another cannot share. All this, and more than my pen can tell, Hast thou passed thro' nobly, bravely, well; IGdst all the care of thy household band, From others thou hast not withheld thy hand, But hast ever been ready, with word and deed, To succor and bless where they've stood in need. And thy loving deeds and tender care Have gone before and will meet thec there, thy earthly pilgrimage is o'er, And thy spirit shall "pass to that happy shore. Bat may God still grant thee strength to impart Comfort and peace to tho stricken heart-Accor- ding to thy kind desires, And as the good spirit in thee inspires. When AN IRISH MAIDEN. f!;?-?- ' Outside 'WX-.Jt- f Fidelia. about- - three-mile- s, there is a delightful romantic spot railed It consists of a large domain seveClogrennen. ral acres in extent, entered through the grand eld archway of a ruined castle, large enough gatekeeper and his family to reside in. walls are several feet thick, and very nearly covered with ivy real climbing ivy, perhaps hundreds of years old. About a mile and a half from the entrance is the House, the residence of, in those days, Colonel Rochefort (something of France about that name; it would sound better, considering the surroundings, if itbegai with an Irish "O'J; but at all events, the house had three hundred and sixty-fiv- e windows in it, and not much beauty of architecture about it; as well is I remember, it was a square, and, from the number of windows, I should judge a solid for the The one. ;' Leaving the grand avenue, we pasi through well cultivated fieldsand coming11 to a wood, or ancient forest, we begin aii ascent of about a mile of rough, rocky road through fine old trees,,until we come to1 the grand ruin of an ancient Abbey. Inside the walls; which are four or five feet thick, is the burying ground of the Rochefort family. Some' 'fine rble slabs adorn the old walls, bright and polished; you could not but remark the con trastof the old worn, rougTi stone and the refsome " . ined white or black marble. One slab lect had the following inscription: ''uCY ROCIIEFORT, JUST I recal , . ' Known and Lost." Another waa erected in memory of a little tyi grandm of the Housekeeper, who fell ou ! funeral dirge. My father took me in his arms and held me in one of the ruined windows of the old abbey, so that I could see the interesting group; mourners and friends stood in the distance. That scene will never be eradicated from my memory. The gorgeous spring sunshine, the delightful tint of green the new grass displayed, contrasting with the pure white dresses of those twelve lovely girls, and their enchanting voices filling the air with seraphic music, ana in the back ground groups of observers scattered among the fine, majestic, ancient oak and elm trees. The picture and echo of the music will ever live in my remembrance. . of " Carlow, "Ireland; , girls-dresse- r - 'tis enchanting to listen to the midnight minstrel sounding praises to his lady love or 'tis grand to heat the solemn organ chanting praises to the Lord, yet 'tis most sweet to hear a mother lull her little ones to sleep. There is scarcely a home in all the land that has not been made happy by the sound of music, Christ's Little Ones." Outside the walls is a space in the wood, used as a burying place for families living on the estate, and a few others. A young lady named Rebecca Cole died in Carlow; she was taken to this beautiful spot for interment. I recollect when the coffin was taken out of the hearse it was reverently borne by four young men, with bands of white linen passed underneath the coffin; which was followed by twelve young d in white, two each walking by two, carrying a garland of white flowers on a sort of handle also covered with white. When the .grave was filled in, it was covered with green sods, procured from an adjoining meadow in long strips, cut about a foot broad and fcix or seven feet long, so as to be easily carried by two men; enough of them had been prepared to altogether cover the new turned .earth. When all this was done, the twelve young ladies placed upright in the grave the sticks with the garlands on, six on each side, then knelt down round the grave in the most graceful manner, and sang a 7 warn aiuug iub streets uuu to hear the voice of some then and now stop sweet maiden singing to the family circle, or - ONE OF OO lis pieasauL w "Johnny Bates, BY LAURA C. PACK. - V Of one SEVENTIETH BIRTHDAY. FUNERAL OF PC N E NT. .MUSICS, and when a home is bereft of its songster, 'tis like a cage without a bird or almost like a man without a soul. Every one should try to cultivate a taste and talent for music, for those who possess it have the power of shedding joy and happiness on all around; and we should all try to fulfill the commands of the Creator by praising Him with the lute and the harp in the song and in the dance. .Camelia. RUSKIN'S HOME PICTURES. A correspondent of the New York World, who lately visited this eccentric genius, says: "Mr. Ruskin lives now among the English lakes, at Brantwood, on Lake Coniston. His house is on a slope above the lake, and is best approached it a few weeks approached, as could ago, by water. A more charming house not be imagined. The visitor, looking down from the front of the house on the lovoJj 2ake, and away upthe granl iff te 'that tower above the quiet vfrage, sees one of nature's fairest ot scenes, and within doors there are treasures liked art and industry which I should have weeks instead of hours to examine Some of Mr. Ruskin's pictures are well krown from frequent Allusions to them in his writings. He often refers to Titian's 'Venetian Senator,' a most imposing picture under glass which hangs in the dining-rooThere also is a picture of Angelica Kaufmann Miss Angel by Sir Joshua Reynolds; a portrait of Turner when a young man, painted i m Meissionneir- -a painting which is more speaking-than a sneii-ru- i oi oiograpuj !tw-w-.- is Corporal. The collection of Turner's unique. Some of the paintings arc very early ones, and were made when the artist was still trammelled show when by conventionalities. Others, again, he had learned to fly. Mr. Ruskin showed the amount of minme with a magnify ing-g-. What a charm the very name has, it thrills the soul and fills it with gladdening thoughts. Who can tell how many homes have been made bright and cheerful by the sweet songsall sung our therein. Music is a mediator for God thoughts and feelings. It has praises of and his works, accents of joy, murmuring of itself it , is grief, whisperings of love and in divine. Who does not love to wander by a sound flowing stream and listen to the charmed of its crystal waters as they gently glide towards the ocean carrying new notes to the lonely siren who reigns as a nightingale among the waters. All nature is filled with music. Can there be a living soul that does not love to wander through a forest where the whole air resounds with the merry songs of birds. Sweet songsters of the grove how joyous, you; are and what a halo of happiness you cast on all around. Oh pretty, happy creatures, living in the tree tops, soaring to neaveu, wuu uu tell rejoice with you in your pleasant life,pray who us are ydur songs not praises to Him it is,to sit gave you such a life? How pleasant and guile around the fire on a Winter night, to. or sit the hours away with pleasant songs, under Luna's fair rays on a summer evening, to after the little birds have . sung themselves with joyous sounds sleep, and fill the air How blessed is the one who has. the. gifUot. but feel the sadness of a song. Oh could she inf heart that has it not she would for this glorious gift. Maker, 'to her praises ever thinks wonder if the one so endowedshe gives to how inany moments of pleasure comforter she is, whoheaher, or how great a to herself. W all contain. ute, conscientious work which they almost or never, He said that Turner never, and observed He air. painted in the open studio I the hi made notes, but he worked asked whether that was a mere habit,or whether the it proceeded from any principle MrJ rom Ruskin. most important principle;': said chang'In the open air the scene is constantly shift hues the ing The clouds, the shadows, 1 mere-from moment to moment, i ou cannot, a harmon-iou- s fore, be true to nature and represent v whole if you attempt to copy what is phanfrinf?.' Yuu must grasp the scene canvas. as a unity ad then evolve it on the con-;,.ill- V.r throw open Good habits am the porters that wide the gates. iSf Success. for Education should enable one to thinkthe thoughts and ideas himself, not cram with ' v of other people. his failure A man should not be judged by too in life for there are a class of men who are succeed. scrupulously honest to m To obtain by one's own industry, fully a. eives men or. women much as" one ndePen3ence that those cannot feeling of true or hand;, havQ hq subsist upon the bounty earnings of others. - " ; - 