103 .... - lUSLlilUE-- A WELCOME. IOMYLITTLK bear rehearsed some of these striking NIECES WHO LlViS IN JUAB CO., UTAH. . Welcome! welcome little Nieces: To this world of ours; Welcome I though ye came in dozens, Buds of bumao ttovrert; Fragrant from the hills eternal, Earthly airs ye taste; Wrapped within the folds of beauty, Lie the germs of lore ana duty, Germs of joy and care. Hid beneath the lorely lashes Of your lustrous eyes , ;b Kindling with, increasing- flashes, Fire immortal lies. ' - Welcome are yo little nieces: Yet ye sooa shall know-Ea-rth has man? snares and dangers, Many cups of woe, children-lovin- g Father, Evei keep you in his care. May you honor, love, and serve him, This shall be your Auntie's prayer. Hands, and hearts, and noble dariog, truth, we need, .In this age of ages, bearing Souls of Final harvest seod. Weloom therefore little Nieces Not with pleasure small. Were ye twice ten scores of dozens I Bhould love you all. SlSTEB Pl.UISK.ET. FAITH. Faith is one of the vital elements essen- tial to the character of a saint of God. The cultivation of faith is & duty of our daily lives, which should not be neglected. It underlies all the great truths which the Gospel, teaches. Without this principle we are blind, and callous to all, that will ennoble, exalt and purify our hearts, our lives and our aspirations. Especially is it necessary that the mother be endowed with the precious gifts and quality of faith; that she should possess the puro spring of living faith in her soul, that she may impart the germ to her offspring, and seek to promote its culture and growth in all her teachings to the infant mind, Many are the simple lessons of faith in God, and his dealings with mankind, learned at the mother's knee, that have gone" with the' man out into the great, busy, active world and given him a deep and lasting conviction of the evidences of divinity; 'In. the most trying hour, when all seemed uncertain and unreliable, the mother's careful teachings of the Savior and his blessed promises, have come with lefresbing light as from heaven, and imparted courage. that could penetrate beyond the dark clouds and reveal a ray, at least, of glowing light beyond. There can scarcely be too much said upon this important subject; It is a topic for conversation' of which wo never need tire, there is so much to be ledrned of its application to our lives and conditions here upon the earth. The instructions given upon Faith in the Book of Doctrines and Covenants'1 should be carefully studied by our young people; and the exercise ot faith should be a part of their spiritual education; and: mothers who may feel they aro well acquainted with this subject, would be those Interestamply repaid by illudecl to above. ing chapters- upon Faith Id sisters It true that pur Ijave had' many g aud great, practical illiustratioiis. of tho principles of faith in their past experiences In this Church; antf Jt Is very edifying (o above the'elbuds into the clearer atmosphere of a higher altitude. Strength, courage and heroism are some of the excellent fruits of this beautiful plant of spiritual origin. It is sometimes urged that "faith is not tangible," and those devoid of this quality often remark "wo wan something more tangible than faith!" Some of the most powerful elements operating in nature are not tangible,expect as applied to tangible sub3tances,andyet how wonderful are their forces when thus brought to bear upon other objects. Just so with faith; in itself intangible, yet most potent when applied to truths, to circumstances and to the lives of individuals,, Faith cannot be measured. The great manifestations of the power of faith in healing the sick are marvels and wonders to the unbelieving, whose minds lacking this, attribute, cannot comprehend mysteries of the unseen which can only be understood by the spiritual sense. I am sure there are many instances of the power of faith in the healing of the sick, that have never been told to our children, that would promote the growth of faith were they known. I will relate a very remarkable one to which I was an eye witness marly years ago. A young lady about eighteen years ot age was thrown from a carriage and her knee badly injured; her parents being In good circumstances took her to several of tho best physicians in that part of the State where H occurred; it was in Mass, near the Coan. river These Doctors tried their skill, but all failed, to cure her and they decided she must be a cripple for life and compelled to walk with crutches. Tho Mormon Elders came to that vicinity, tho parents of the youn lady recieved and obeyed the Gospel. They were anxious their daughter should be healed by faith. They brought her to be baptized believing firmly she would be healed. After some time, for she was a v.ry aristocratic girl and did not like to give up her position in th world, she gave her consent to bo It was a very cold 'day, the brook wa3 frozen solid, a hole was cut in the ice, and one after another went into tho water, and by and by, tho lame girl with her crutches come down to the water's edge. The Eiders baptized her, she walked out of the water, whole, and never had occasion to uso her crutches after. The fact of her being healed created quite a sensation, es pecially among the Doctors who came from far and near to inquire; by what means it had been done. But none could gainsay it. This is only one of thousands of manifestations of the power of healing. Tho children in Zion should seek after mighty faith, for there are great works to be accomplished by them. They have been born in the holy priesthood and are heirs to all the promises of tho new and everlasting covenant, and God is ready and willing to pour "out rich blessings upon them If they will seek unto Illm and keep his holy commandments; and lot us all remember, without faith it is impossible to -- bap-tize- please God. Queen day. Victoria's Aunt d. Em. income Is $G, 300, a ' : (N. Y) OBSERVATORY.. "The Rochester; Democrat Wd Chronicle," Rochester, N. Y, has the following of tho institution soon to be erected in that city and to bo devoted solely to astronomical observations. Professor Lewis Swift, who is to have charge of this,and for whose use it is especially built, takes rank among the ablest astronomers of our country and for that matter of that of any other country and Is one who is the recipient of a. valuable gold medal, presented him by the Imperial Academy of Sciences at Berlin, for discover the comet of heing the one first n-e- te Of your bodies fair, May the ances of the sublimity, of faith, given to the .Saints .when passing through deep trials and serious afflictions., How much darker and drearier ard more desolate still, would the wearisome days of travel and pilgrim-aghave been, through which our people havp parsed, if they had not been rich in human soul that holy faith which lifts e Maklog earth a garden vernal Other wise a waste. i ROCHEST! inst- 1878: J3 .1 ."That we Tvill soon have in our city an observatory that wiil be a credit not only to Rochester, but Jhe state and nation, is now an assured fact. Its estimated cost ex. elusive of instrum'ents,is $2o; 000, the quad rants, sextants and octants; transit, equatorial, parallactic and circular instruments, achromatic and 'reflecting telescopes, night and day telescopes, chronometers, &c, will be an additional ex peuse,' and will cost somewhere near $13,000. This entire su.n $38, 000. as well another expenses necessary to make the buffi) ihg and apparatus, complete, will be generously donated by K. II. Warner, of the linn of 11. II. Warner & Co., proprietors of the deservedly popular Warner's safe kidney and liver cure and other remedies. As this if peculiar ly a Itoeh es te r i nstitu-tiobuild and equip it being the money-tfurnished by one of our most respected citizens, and as our own Professor Lewis Swift is to have control of it, we mention it T with pardonable pride. In compliment to the liberal dotror it will Tho be called "Warner's Observatory building is to ombine the observatory pro- n, o -- per and the observer's dwelling, and will be a fino architectural structure, and .rank, as one of the most complete privato obser vatories in the world. The ...dome; and tower will be ample in dimension for manipulating the great telescope. This will bo feet in length, and will bome twenty-twweigh about t wo. tons. The telescope (a refractor) will havo a clear aperture of sixteen inches, and is to be provided with ' all the appliances which tho refinement of modern astronomy demands. But two telescopes in the United States will surpass it in size, viz.: thoe at Washingtohand' Chi fyi o it: cago, it PRIMARY REPORT. Report of the 12th, Warrl-Prfm- ary As- Clavvson1 sociation' Mrs Ellen President. Our interesting Irttle Association is stilt in progress. Average attendance over; thirty the majority ofHvhoraaro very young children, therefore advancement is somewhat slow but 8teady;. Many of them manifest considerable eel f possession when calleU upon to open and dismiss meetings &u Recitations, select readings, essays tc, are carried on in good style, interspersed with short lecturea, selections from good books and question ou tho game, from the President and er counselors. , Our contributions Jo the Temple for the last two term8,bave ;been go Pmall that our Pesident deemed it wiser to wait until the annual meeting ic April before handing it in. The amount ' on, hand to date, Is seven dollars and ij in ty cent. We cordially invite our friends hero to visit us hy way; of encouragement. Secretary, Master feamuel Barratt. Per. Assistant, Edna Clawsoq March 10, ' 18S0. : . 