V t Tj The Eights of the Women of Zion. and 'thei Eights of the Women 'of all Nations.. ;4!s 'zT: v-- 'V Vol. 8. 1 ; position is an invaluable trait of character and should be cultivated, It' Is a far nobler thing to conquer one's passion tbarito crush; fa foe. The cultivation of theycthould'be carefully studied and the foundation of good laid, in early life. "It is in vain to look for a real noble character without a cultivated LINES. fear!, rriade betweejyou, an4j Oodthenimeyer . ';. f you , ido, goodby to gQpd resoiutigseyivanish like the morning deWi ftnj agaf nTthe chains i are i riveted upon. you, itightor than, before. "Never eay wiU;Vand with rUJrbuiI. mind; establish your reputation in youth, and it will always' stand by. It is a happy memory that remembers kindness and for- - gets offences; if an enemy hunger,feed him, it he thirst, give him drink. "Save when young,to spend when old, "is a very true motto' which should be observed by all; cheerfulness soothes the passions and keeps them calm. ''A smile costs the giver nothing,yet it is beyond price to the erring. It subduos tcmper,turns enmity to kindness, and paves the darkest paths with sunshine The highest riches does not consist of princely income. JThere is greater wealth than this. It is the possesion .of an honest cheerful heart and a clear conscience; a person is truly rich, who has a noble eoul and. moral, courage enough to withstand the temptations, that occur in daily life. Wo all desire- to live long, then practise the golden rule, "Do aa we would be done unto." To the aged you are indebted for care and attention during infancy and childhood. They have endured all the petlUh humor in their helpless days of childhood, and you in return must endure with patience, and alleviate,as much as in your power lies, Your presentation suits my mind, And Alls my heart with grateful joy And pleasure that has bo alloy ; I clasp It with afond oaresi, And, childlike, to my bosom press ' The flowers, that la their language tell, In whispering, all I Jovo o welll ...... Ahl years have jass'd since these fond eyes Beheld go dear, so sweet a priael It geemg to weare such charm around me, As though some 6w&etw spell had bound mc! The poetry of lif'i young dream Returns in all its gushing stream. And bean me, on its luscious wave, That heart and brain and spirit lave, ' And lieaven Itself fee's beaming rmrad me, AS though in floral cbaiaa it bound mel My system'i sun shines warm and bright. And every pulse tbrofcg with, delight, And gratitude, my friend, to thee, t Tor the sweet spell you've wov'n o'er inef These roses shall an emblem be Of all that I would Crave for thee; And may your future path of life With rosy sweets bo ever rife; Tbo thorns I would extract With care Believing you have bad your share; Td form a coronal for thee Of rosy gems, from thorns all free! Their beauty, and their perfume, too AJoneJ alone! should live for youl The yase! : Yes, yes, I do rEmember ; ; The vase you did so sweetly tender-I-'ll " keep it ai a s weeOovHokenV . That never tbaH ba marrM or broken. And may our friendship grow with years, An4 stand the test of .smiles, or tears Firm as the everlasting bills, And pure as our own mountain rills. Siich ever will true pleasure bring, Such is tbo prayer of Ilannah King. ' n Aim ah TAPri eld Kurd. lasrbeei c.ove.rjan,, La taste agai n the forbidden, art I?1 e,Jori " Dear lady! . Slater friend most kind, jefoliiUon is And wben once 4b taken, .,wbent once v ADDRESSED TO MRS. MARGARET T. SMOOT, ON UEK PRESENTING ME WITH A VASE FILLED WITH ROSES, JUNE 18, 1866. : - 1- - ;. that. will, conquer! , i: Do I lament the .Jricreasej of intemperance? I do; and gladly wpuldj I see, our ; . , a. nd .pur old, that young, our are wrecking their lives,, stop la their career, and .turn ore it is too late,, , middle-aged- ' '; .'' ;,? f Ur.. y .;.' ;. Mothers, how can we impress upon i the loved ones of our households the importance of temperance? ,; By setting the example, aud by ourselves never partaking of anything that, will Intoxicate, . The ;Lord has told us what to do and ho to uso liquor wisely what it was deftfgnedlfor, and: can we not believe Him? Can we not abide l)y His promise and have faith In what Ho - ,'.;i.y.tiiK fj.Hr.4t'r"-- : r.. SaVS- ?Then let us prove our fal th by our, works. . -- - -.a-- U:.. - : . Emiuy'BSpknceb. - NOTES AND NEWBi TitEKing of the Belgians has .conferred the Leopold Cross on Rosa Bonn eur, artist. She la the .flrst lady receiving ibo dhtinc- LiItion.i frait the inflrmities ofiage; all The King of Spain has also eon ferred to asls and liable istincruUbeds na in terr h ne auallv efeatures ?go astrajpftWe God to forgive bur weakness should we iioi ihigh prder, never Jefqro granted JoaJady; of our .company - The library at Berlin has forgive the. recently i e and ions? Be charitable one toward another the possessor of somo MSS., in parchwhen our brother ,or sister does or says w.hat ment, partsof the lliadj"Euripide8 and ia wrong do not tear their name3: to pieces Sappho,; and some Greek papyrfiwithi fragor disparage them.,by unkindiwords,but en ments of Aratus obtained in Egypt. Remember courage .them' to. reform the words of our Savior "Judge not lest ye Tjie National. WomanSuffrage Assocla- be judged." j.tion beld its wihter sessioti in Llncotft jBCall, Maby Jane Crosby. Washington, B.(Cj, Jan 21 an 22 of'wh'fch we have full particulars. Bountiful Jan. 18, 1880. . . ; -- short-.qopDin- -- 4 gs be-cm- . . NEVER GET ANGRY. . riHlrofh lib-t- t f ho.ni ArMncrr nf ft -- V VT ; INTEMPERANCE. 1 Intemperance i3 the foe of sobriety, order, peace, the welfare arid the happiness of the human famUy. How many have fallen victims to the deadly enemy? Echo answers, "How many!" Those alone know who have battled with this fierce destroyer, and whose hearts hjjye been Wrung witn anguish by the sad fates of their 'still dear ones that have rapijdly trod the downward '" path to the yawning grave. ; Happily, my lot has been so cast that I have scarce come into'contact;with the inebriate, and know r"n"6thTngir:ta7IearfuIT temptation, tbe hilarity, and "subsequent suffering those undergo who are destroying themsel ves by drink," except that which imagination supplies. But I say to one and all, if you.. will you can overcome. Your must conquer, if ;you' ask the help of .the Lord. It Is by that you can conquer any evil habit, and when you rise up, in' the niajesty and power of your will, saying, "I will give this habit ,up, and It shall never have power more Oil , me," relying on the help of tho Lord; you 'can cotfquer never ,; ' will commit many wicked deeds. When finger1 was in Cain's breath murder was not far off; there have been many murders and much property destroyed in the world by to heated- - passion; When we giving-wahavo'Ieamed to govern self we have to a degree gained "power over the evil propen. sities of our natures; ,there are besetments on every hand; to draw aside the unwary, ' and tempt them from the paths of rectitude 'J and honor. Thenletus cultivate principles" that ennoble our character, A cheerful dis--; y .' nrpsidecl. There, Vero, roports from "d elegates and speecriesj from', Ihe la- dies full of pith and aboundingia. wit (Wnd a'rgumentr, One of tbe,;raottoe3Jhm3g'np0n , tho ;wal ikl was, "When a' woman Wiil she Will, and "you may depend on it she Will ' yotc.,, Mrs. 'Mary A. T6llof South' Carolina,' said shD. wknted a lady President of the United States, and', saw Jn6 goodreason ' why we catmoi' nave a 'lady president '.fas well as to have female sovereigns In foreign countries.' 8he denounced the' presentsys-ter- n of churches pay! ng'.large salaries to ;?iV- their 'preachers. r'J, 'UI, J Mary 'A. Stuartj ;of llavrare, said from Adam dpwn;th woman, sho ;marjei mp do ' l ,c:kow; they Were going1 tq: make men' glvethem the ' ballot' The Resolutions weref submitted by Mrs.' Sara 'Andrews SpericeH ' One tlauso readi fWe further pledge ourselves to con. sign to' obllyion any' presidential tandidato Who dahndt seo ten mtlHrSfia zens.;; -- "That; we, tho N.J W'S. Aw'ill 'send' ardele2ato' and an altern.itn presidential nominating convention to rep. resent 'and, demand the1 rights bf; women. n citizens; and to submit to 'each parfy'a wo- -, man '..suffrage ' plank for 'tho1' presidential . ' v Anthony awnrrl cinrl ' hid tongue" is like an arrow shot out of the 1 Tr TT nnt firt 'net eolnn Vrt n 11 ra n lm. ,Viftti kJJ . AiCalvu iuoiimj aiuuica uauiC3 Ulf UI- 3cord on every hand; an atfgry person adds nothiug to the welfare o'f society. Life is given te ns, to educate. and disciplnb ourselves and not to gratify one's passion, and when the storm has passed over it leaves one. .to see he has been a fool, and has made a fool of himself in the eyes of others. A person who gives way to passion is on the road, to ruin,, and when angry r.uis-'j3ujsan.-'lB.- . Anger does no good. Some sins have a seeming apology a present gratification of some sort, but anger has none; a person wuu ai;4uuu9tt uauu ui giviug wuy iu pas- sion, when in that state is without much sensibility and often bereft of reason; he ' will-pow- er will-pow- er ; . . 4 1 4 , . 1 . : platform,'' Wi J- -i .A!jL?.;y ? rr 4- 