W,0 MAN'S :EX P ONBNT. THE SORELY TBIED. - J ': , They are the women who will be found valiant and true, never shrinking from the paths of duty, but, when the way seems thorny and dark, they will be striving and dauntless, and their actions will so brighten the pathway of life, that others who had fallen by the wayside, discouraged, will arise, and with renewed vigor, resume the journey of life. There is no subject more worthy of the contemplation, and thorough study of the young al 1 come.w flebrew Psalmiet. light, o'er the cloudlets blue, Upward the Angela oi Mercy flew, . Home, from their mission, onrtng of lore from the earth below to the hearens above. Home,, from their mission to mortal bless Xa .obtain, or- the children of men redress To pleadgtor onIs on this earthly ball, la the Courts Saprenw, to the Judge of all. To Him Who 'gireth the rarena food," To the Source of light, and the Source of good, Gieat was the joy of this angel throng WHh tbo Bpcod. of , - women In telling of all who had faithful been To their.eenae of right to the roice within; Of all who butlean'd unto Virtue's aide, Unconscious that angels had been their guide. . lore, repentance, and kindly deeds, (Restricted never to sects and creeds) And for each good deed and each cry to Heaven, Was credit accorded and comfort given. But the widow's prayer, and the orphan's plaint, The feeblest call from the troubled Saint, Of the Eternal throne-- No need had the angels to make them known. Alreadj-had.reach'- The cry of distress, in the hour of need, Outstrips the Angel f Mercy speed; And with subtle swiftness is strength supplied To-th-e weary, the wounded, the sorely tried. jc who of Zfpn7than this one, for she who 1 i vesr-act- s and speaks from an enlightened conviction of duty, exerts a strong moral influence over all who associate with her, and she will have many friends, for her life will be so pure and benevolent, that the ood will gather round her to enjoy the sunshine of her noble nature, and all will feel her influence for good. She can bless without an effort; she will be truthand reliable; she is only to ful, simple-hearte- d know what is right, to be ready to engage in it; every action will be an example of integrity, and the joy of performing the labors which her sentiment of duty has pointed out. If all young women would only be guided by the strictest ideas of duty, there would be no more dens of infamy ,no more worshipers at the shrine of fashion, no more idle giddy devotees .of folly and worldly pleasure, for it will ever guide the mind to something more grand and good; it will breathe into our being a love of the Divine, and a desire to draw nearer to our Father, to do his sublime will, and partake of his eternal, unchanging love. Piety sanctifies all the other virtues of th soul, and sheds the balmiest, purest, sweetest this joy over our hearts, that . we ever feel in and life. No character is complete without it, no heart that is devoid of piety can enjoy perfect happiness; but. she whose soul has been bu.pti.itul ly its Koly itnfl.uan.oo, and imbued with its sweet,heaven-bor- n principles, is indeed happy and in her joy is no alloy. la telling how Virtue "had vanquished Wrong!" O who are very properly living for their own little worlds, their families, Those whose babies and household cares necessarily tie them to their homes very closely. I would like to persuade them that staying in the "house from morning after clay from one year's end to till night, bright and shining lights in the kingdom of God. , Thoa That bearcat prayer, unto The thill fleeh -- 67 are bowed with the weight of care, there is comfort and help in prayer; fall-T- ea, Toar words nor your tears shall unnoticed God will answer before you call. Believe If not, ba trustful, endure the test; plan of our father," be sure, is best; "In the pastures green, where the clear streams glide," Ere long He will lead you, The Sorely Tried, EMItT HILL WOODMAWSEB. 8. L. City, 1S80. The Celia. day another, working and brooding over work that it is impossible for them to accomplish, and suffering with the headache nearly all the time, does not pay, and is not exactly fulfilling their mission. They need a little of the fresh, pure, open air of heaven as well as the babies and the older children and the , fathers JThey should accompany he babies when they go for their morning walk sometimes, two or three times a week at least. They should occasionally call on their neighbors who are like themselves, and insist in the friendliest manner upon their Lace ruffles and emcalls being returned. broidered cuffs need not be thought of in connection with these homely sociabilities. The neat plain linen answers quite as well in such cases; and, indeed, you may really chit-chawithenjoy your walk and a pleasant out having either collar of uffs,if you can only think it. If you hold to the belief that you must wait to "dress up" before taking those little outs, you will never take them, you will never have the time. If you have been fretted and vexed at home, do not manifest anything of the kind where you make your call. Let and your conversation be something to cheer and yourself. strengthen both your neighbor a sore with J A few weeks ara r suffering several for lasted days, By rethroat ffh ten as sorting to simple remedies, such are generally known, I suppose we kept it from becoming a serious case. But it would not gjt well. One fr'u-ncalled to day, early in the afternoon, a see me, accompanied by; her daughter, a pleasant spirited girl at. the happy age of fourteen. and admired My two little boys were praised after the usual custom; our house as my frie.nd had not visited me here before was explored and commented upon; we talked of the different society meetings, the "Assembly Hall," remark, admin-tratioiiable instances of faith in children, the the Eiders, the safest,, surest and old-fashione- d, t, d kf THE VALUE OWEOCtKBlMfY. woman, Every mother in Israel, every true should keep constantly before her, and ever m her soul, the sentiment of duty, for it is the human soul. crowning virtue that adorns the light and It is a bright, radiant star, that .will how dark and brighten our paths, no matter is as a bright gem, gloomy may be the way: it . that leads us on to happiness, peace and joy; it U a beacon light, set out in bold relief m the out heavens, to beckon us onward and upward, of the depths of misery and sin, into the realms of light and goodness; it is a true guide to nofollow its adbility and fame, and those who best persons, monitions are the noblest, purest, there is nome on the face of the earth, lo and the thing so fair and grand, as integrity sentiment of duty, which if we will only allow it to do so, will dwell in our hearts forever, a and living fountain of pure and noble thoughts, create there an unbounded wealth of peace, which will endure while contentment and . old-fashion- - -- joy, has upon those who will listen to its warnings and obey, its moment pleadings, for it is ever vigilant? the we are tempted to do wrori$it'is near lis, showwhich ing us the better way; if weect to forget ia We path for us to pursue, it will eyer appear, and point it out to us.: It will show us, if we are not blinded by sin, the calm, tranquil peace to be found, by obeying' its mandates, and W'hen we have overcome and followed its counsel, there is no joy or satisfaction .that .will equal that which will.be ours. Truly there is no greater virtue than firmness and determination in carrying out the dictated of our cadences, and those who possess, this spirit $f a&ennm'a-tio- n wIU nol h$ roiiesin 'the Jnve;, ialer, Jateer,.l?ut, :inatead, of the fruit of 0, how great an .influence it par-tab- Instead of living and enjoying life, the world seems to be striving striving ever in getting gets everyready to live. As soon as a person ah! most genthing in order for real living is the orerally before he dies! Improvement der of the day with all respectable classes, and this is right. "Work" and "business" occupy the hands and brains of the masses, and these are excellent mottoes. But, I have lately come to think that perhaps this world need not he sort of a world such a prosy ,practical,work-a-da- y after all, if the majority of the people would not so take it and so make it. There might be more sociability, a little more calls and visiting indulged of the in among neighbors and friends, and still be more good works accomiut as many, perhaps what good we plished. How do we know creature m our might have done for some poor has come neighborhood, to whom misfortune, had we known of the circumstance in time? it Often, were neighbors a little more sociable,unwould be easy to avert evils which are now avoidable because of the isolation to which people subject themselves. their I am not writing to women who have can who time entirelv at their own disposal; attend to their toilets, make fashionable calls and b" in trim for receiving fashionable callers write for the benefit every day. Neither do I devoted of those whose time and attention are more meetings to the public weal, who go to and see and than the mast of men could endure, they can talk to moro people in a week thanfaces of in and possibly remember the names means elve months. But I would speak by . of mothers, of pen and paper to the thousands ng ed vWt'rlT, and kindred topics; ''mtew'persing' lcry and Indulgiug m.UttU laugha wWe, occasion warranted. We enjoyed ourselves together and remained with my friend and her young daughter fill ovpninir. At the sunner table I observed that my throat was much better. Next morn-in- e the soreness was quite one and I have felt , nothing of it since. That..."such charming remedies as the one cited tViMtil hi sill ..1.1 i rVlSf'.H. I (IO not pretend to say. Bat they are harm less, and in many instances very good,; My sisters . try them. Lula. A TEorLE's Territor ial Convention, composed is to be of delegates from the "several counties held in the City Hall in this eity on Thursday, 6 n. m.YtQ nominate a candidate ii i.u fnAt-.-and for Delegate to tbe Forty seventh Congress, to transact such other business as may properly come before the convention. Beventy-thre- e The convention will consist of based upon as follows, delegates, apportioned of census the the population a determined by 1830:' ... . Usv r.lflPr. Beaver. G Davis Cache. 1 Iron " Kane. At -- ii? T;vr::.T'' Sanpete Summit JO Ban Juan.:.:. ... Bevter,.. . 2 Tecele lch;::::::::::::;:r i Weber... Total 2 wan... T. 0 . 9 .. .2 . n' 