EXPONENT. han's Exponent, It eems a mournful thing pother Buffered. death Woman bo of a to chronicle the useful jjnd o young JHel wo can upon the minutes of the Association. ' but t near friends oSTeiQHx'MyjPPyi coIaborbr of the relatives of this slater and . ; ; -- ; a c . .. .: i y , ' Too beautiful for eatth.M f Died, at pleasant Greep, Salt Lake Co., Nov. of 5, Xouisa Cutcliflb Auer, infant-daught- er Ulrich and Mary Jane . Spencer Auer, born in Salt Lake city, May 25, 1878. She was a very lovely .child, and her parents, brothers, sisters and friends deeply mourn her los?. We extend to them our heartfelt sympathies, for we know how hard it is to away our loved ones in the cold and silent grave, yet the assurance of meeting them gives true consolation to the , i ,ly Xatterday Saint. Died, at,roquenrille,.Dec 11, 1879, of in- flammatlott of the brain; Sarah Ann Spllabury , iWlfe of j Alma P.TSpiUbury, of Tcquerville, Kane Co., Utah. Deceased was born in Mill : Creek Ward, Sal t Lake Co., Feb. 27, 1853. Hin MiaroBfAL of Respect a - To the Memory pf Sarah Ann Spllabury, Presi .dent ot tlie M, L Association.; Whereas, our much esteemed Present and fellow laborer, Sarah Ann Spllabury, has, by .divine Providence, been removed from our . i " midst by the band of death; and, whereas, by her 'regular attendance at our meetings, we have been enabled to know and appreciate her admirable character; therefore, v Be It resolved, that we, the Young .Ladle Mutual .Improvement . Association of Toquer-vlll- o, deeply mourn her loss and eympathizo wlt V? bereaved husband and friends in the loss of eo good, honorable, and esteemed a wifo and friend, ... : Resolved, that we tender to. her bereaved , husband our heartfelt sympathy (or a los so i ;' , Irreparable, h v. , . Resolved, tbaUjcopy.cf IbeYe reaoluUoua be .transmitted to the family of the deceased, and lso furnUhed JthefDeseVet News" and Wo, . . At the instancQ.pf Sister Lunt, President of the Relief Society of Parowan Stake tho Relief Society of CedarCity met Jn the Social Hall Dec, 2,1879,; at 2 P.: M. to accept the resignation of President Sarah. Uric on r - But ttdda( ere bo closed the page, ,. ; Mary E Asn worth. E. Y. ntj anyel In the Book of Life : iWxotedown an infant's birthf- - Treasurer. The members enrolled number 117. Grain on hand 173 and a half bushels. Our building is almost completed, and though we are considerably in debt,we trust that through union energyand perseverance, assisted by the blessings of our heavenly Father, we shall bo enabled to go; forward in the good , work. . r:. . With many good wishes for the Exponent, I remain your Sister .. , a gloom oyer our settlement. i R. S. REPORTS. ; " : .i .i . ; At the 'same place, Dec. 14, ot consumption, in the thirty.eignth year of her age, Ellen Beecroft. JHer death is a severe blow to her husband and aged father, whom she leaves, with five small children to mourn her loss, her death being quite unexpected. It has cast i Comrnjttca counselors as followes Mrs. Dellla F. Cox, President, Sarah M. Dell and Harriot E; Sheperd, Counselors, Mary E. Ash worth, Secretary, Lizzie Farns worth, Ass't. Sec'y, Mantle J. Shlpp, ; - I been reorganized, by Pres. Murdock and ; ' V ; : The Relief Society of Beaver has lately 1 v Elvira. Hill, Died, at Toquerville, Kane Co., Utah, Oct. 27, 1879, Ella, daughter of Alma P. and Sarah Ann Bpilsbu ry; born Aug 30, 187G. - Millard Co, , Oct. after ; a of Ty prioid fever, Emily Frances, eeyere ,bejbvedr daughter of Thomas ';And.Elizabeiu Yates, aged eleven yeaw, elbt. months and eleven iUya. Sbe was a good, obedient child,, : and well beloved by all who; knew her. Also, at Sciplo, Millard Co,, Nov. 10, of Typhoid pneumonia, after a few days illness, vMary Peterson Olcson, beloved wife of J. A Oleaon. She was a true Latter-da- y Saint and an active j worker in the Belief Society, She leaves a widowed mother, a husband and three small children to mourn her early departure. Sister Oleson, being only thirty-on- e years of atBciplo, 1131$illness E. M. KliEINMAN, - CHBISTENIA FOES YTU, J and Saints of God. Especially do we oondole with "the aflfectibnate and doublyTDereaved husband, and 'ask for him that consolation whlh only comes through faith in the divine CoriifOiter. gating "her 'list jnBnTentBIster ttryTAnn was asked If she had any message which she would like to leave for any absent friend. She replied, "Tell ALT my friends for me, good bye and ' God bless them' V : Bait Lake City. ; Lull. and that the same be placed ? account of her arduous labor3 in attending to the sick, quite a fair representation of sisters were present who were favored with the presence of Pres. Henry Lunt Bishop C. J. Ai thur- - and -- Eld es R. W. Heyborne. After the usual exercises Pres. Lunt made a few opening remarks and called on Bishop Arthur to state the object of the meeting, which he' did and on his motion. Sister Sarah Uric President with her Counselors Mary Anne Lunt and Sago T. Jones were released, with k vote of thanks for their past labors. A reorganization was then effected with the following si3ters as officers, Sage Tt, Jones, President; Marion B. Arthur and Elizabeth AjSvans, Counselors; Jane PMackelprang Secretary and Marion B. Arthur Treasurer. The Bishop then nddressed the sisters on the 'necessity of being united In all their movements, referred to the great channel there is for doing good and assisting the :3BIshopof the Ward In looking after the poor, etc. , Pres. H. Lunt encouraged the sisters in theirjabors Imploring them .to, 'so order their lives that the Spirit of the ord might prompt them in every duty,J he coulji see a bright future for the Relief Society of this Ward, predicted the speedy downfall of Babylon and' showed the necessity of Ihe sisters leading out in home Industry and above all to strive to sustain the brethren in the establishment of homo industries, to set examples before their daughters worthy of Imitation, also encouraged them In the raising of silk. Tho sisters that had been sustained in the various positions were then sot apart under tho hands of Pres. n. Lunt and Bp. Arthur. Pros. Ellen Lunt testified to the good spirit that was .in our imidst, ftlt sho could sustain the selection of officers mado this day by the brethren and Mossed the former President and Counselors for their faithful labors. Eider Heyborne addressed the sisters on thejiecessity of seeing-t- o tho recording of tho Genealogies of their families in the Church . Records Sister .Sarah Uric expressed her thankfulness ;fqr the kind release extended to her and asked for the faith and prayers, of tho sisters in A good spirit 0 her labors among the sick. and feeling prevailed throughout the meeting which was dismissed with Benediction. I would also here state that a Stake n of the Relief. Society inihe Parowan Stake of Zlon; was effected at the StakeCon. ference heid in Parowan. Sept. 27 and 28th, rwith Sister Ellen Lunt a3 President, Mary Anne Lunt of Cedar City, and Huldah D. Mitchell Of ParowanV Counselors, and Sister Sarah Chatterley, Stake Secretary. organ-Jzatio- Jane P. Mackelprang Kakab Sec'y. STAKE. The Annual Conference of the Relief Societies of the Kanab Stake of Zion, was held in the Kanab Schoolhouse, Sept. 5, 1879, Pres. Elizabeth Nuttall presiding. This being the busy season of the year, tho attendance of tho sisters was small, yet we had a very good meeting. .Some good counsel and advica were given Jby Pres. Nuttall and her counselors, Sisters Harriet Bunting and Lucy A. Johnson, also Bishop W. D Johnson J- - The sfsters. in this Stake are doing their best in mutually benefitting eaqh other, arid in building up the kingdom of God. I think the taste for light reading, among the sisters of tbis place is fast giving way to a greater desire to examine and understand tho principles ' of the Gospel. Statistical and financial report for the year ending August 3171879. Statistical: Members' enrdlled;n336 ; teachers, 7G ; average attendance, 131; meetings held, 142; Woman Exponent, 22. Financial: Receipts, $472.90; Disbursements, Manti TemTotal disburse- ple, $111;r r Sundries, 74.25; m i ttt ef y o nave in uie xreusury f oo.zo. iuuui, 62 bushels of wheat and $33 in cash; tho balance in merchandise and sundries. To. tal amount in Treasury, $287.C5. M. Elizabeth, Little, Sec'y. a. 1 . PRIMARY ENTERTAINMENTS. The children of Goshen Primary Association on the 5th,of;Nov. last gave their Pres. Mrs. Sarah Roberta ' a Surprise Party and presented her with a Book of Doe. and Cov. for which they each, contributed 5 cts. as a token of their love and gratitude some appropriate lines were inscribed therein composed by Mrs. C. Higginson. Sister Roberts tendered her appreciation of the respect shown her, feeling . quite overjoyed and hoped God's blessings would rest upon her labors and felt to bless each child. A bountiful picnic, dancing, singing' and rev citations made a pleasant afternoon's enter, tainmeht The Bishop .and Counselors the Pres. of Relief Society and her' Counselor and many elderly persons were present; all felt well repaid for coming together. ' r M. A. Till Sotfy. The lines spoken of were very pretty but as wo cannot possibly publish poetry forjali the Primary Associations wo must not pub". ' lish for any. ; . Tho Primary Association of East Bountiful was organized April tho 19 1879. Wo thought it would bo interesting toend tho proceedings' of a Concert held here on Tuesconsisted of songs day Nov. 1879,. which for-thoccasion and recitations prepared great pralso is duo to our young brethren and sistars for their good behavior. preformaneeof the May.Queon was oxtremo ly good. Wo had twp hours good entertainment and tho Congregation left tho Taher-nacl- e o well satisfied. r , Vf , ,OLivjiC.1 Session Sec'y. s . 