Tho Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 8. ' - i1 - - - - ,. . . - TO ANNIE. ON UK a WEDDING DAY. They tell mo that tble morning dawns lor you, As dawned one glorious morn iff June tor me: That loving--, trusting with bright hopes In view, Thou art destined now a bride, a wife to be. Loved maiden, after nearly seven years, Of married life, of usuushln"and of "shower," I have no doubts, no vague, alarming fears, To offer thee In this, thy brldat hour. For I believe, thou hast wisely put thy trust In Him who should o'er-ru- le these things for youth; He chosen one That most just, hath for thee Endowed with kindness, honesty and truth. And I believe that ho will faithful prove, Through all the varying- scenes that life may bring, Not only to thyself and thy pure love, But to the Priesthood and our Sovereign King. And dearest, girl, what can frail woman claim, More honorable Or fraught with greater worth, Than to accept the lore; and bear the name , - Of one of God's true servants on the earth? Jewels and gold, and all that worldlings prize. Compared with what is sealed as thine y, In any truly noble woman's eyes, Would seem but worthy to be cast away. to-da- Ah! wealth is good, and may be sought by all, As gifts and b!essings lent us from above, As aids to bapplnessuklnd aids, but small, Which add to comfort, but oh! not to love! And love is best, pure love without alloy, Of all the blessings and the mercies given; It brings the sweetest bliss, the holiest Joy, And gives us faith and hope that Jig hts to Heaven. Daar Annie, may your star of love be bright, To guide through every mist find every storm; May "showers" to prove thy faith be only light, And blessed "sunshine" after clear and warm. Lula. Salt Lake City. March 17th, 1880. NATURE AND ART. BY HANNAH T. KING. Nature and art are twins, born ot beauly and brought from heaven! All the grand sculptors have taken their models from Nature beautiful, glorious Nature, tho child of God! Art has watched and closely studied her 8isfer, Tature; and if the artist, painter or sculptor, has had a sublime, soul,so far has he, poetical, Heaven-Inducteor she, excelled their contemporaries. To visit those Galleries, Mausoleums, or Halls of Statuary is a feast none but those who witness such can understand or appreciate; language cannot demonstrate it. In? the figures, the attitudes, the expression, there is a spirit in ''each that is felt, but not told by articulate sounds. The allegory of" Pygmalion falling so deeply In love with a beautiful statue, and throwing the inspiration of his love into the embraces he lavished upon it, and thereby warmed it into life, contains a beautiful truths and has a reality in it that those will at once comprehend on beholding the wonderful works of art by the hands of the Immortal artists! '"The Dying Gladiator," the world-re- nowned marble figure that generations have j rushed to behold,' In which lives all the agonizing sufferings of that awful moment, when the allaccomplished athlete sinks, dying under the wounds he has received In the unholy strife, which "crowned heads" . and all the "elIte'rofHomo had assembled to witness half being ladies; of the first nobility. In parenthesis 'let mo sayf that d - ' 80. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL , r . J.. ,.- ,- ..,-- - ifcTi- .'- - " age Is called barbarous, and perhaps in some things that term may have truth in it; but what grand, stupendous, almighty works were accomplished in that age! We seem to be pigmies compared with that day and age. But to return. In the writhing of that suffering being, in the expression of face and form, is read, as in ah open book, the warfare he has died to portray. Accomplished ho was in the superhuman art to which he had been educated, and in which he has hitherto borne the palm. Surely the artist must have taken these expressions from the living exhibition, for no imagination, however vivid, could so truthfully have depicted them, or so graphically developed them upon the cold, insensate marble, which, by the hand of the artist, has been made to live asrain, nof. for an age, but for all time." The "Venus di MedIci,"another model I had almost said living, for tho teholder almost asks, Does she breathe? Another model that millions of eyes have beheld with rapture, never to forget ! A model of a perfect woman! Study it, ye ladie3 who cripple the glorious form of nature by tight No wasp like lacing and tight dresses. waist is there, it is grand, glorious nature, heaven-endowe- d in all her heaven-born- , freedom! Now we Will come home. Watch the movements of a little child when free from the trammels of dress, especially some children; see how artistically graceful they are In their gambols, in their movements, when they forgot that any eye is upon them! How I have loved to watch them In all the artistical beauty of nature, and I have yearned to be a mechanical artist, that I might catch some of those attitudes and immortalize them on the canvas or the atone! But oh! all this has been done over and over again, and the world teems with the glorious beauty of .past and present times; and it is a living fea9t to those who are privileged to behold it Byron, in his own strong, peculiar language, describes his feelings, on returning (I think) from the Vatican; he says: "I returned dazzled, and drunk with beauty." This language will be fully understood by one who is imbued with the sublime, the heavenly and the beautiful; to others there will be no glory in the words. In the Histrionic art, it is the personification of nature, cultivated, refined, glorious nature, that gives the inspiration to the audience. Macready, Charlotte Cushman and others of the present day, made the stage glorious by the entire naturalness of their impersonations. It was truth they portrayed, and that made them great, grand and absolute. In1 common, every.day life, how delight- ful It is to meet one who is perfectly natural; affectation is never attractive. Lot a person be always their own original self, and they will always be respectable, even If they have not come In contact with beautiful art. I would of course exalt art! Have I not been doing so? but she must ever educate herself in the school of her sister, Nature, or, believe me, she can never attract, never charm, never rivet! This is one of the life, which many problems of every-dafail to study; Art must ever sit at the feet y No. 2.1 1,-16- ' ij .. . .. iii - m - - . l t of Nature, and learn how to cultivate, fine and embellish her Salt Lake "City, March 21. re- " NOTES AND NEWS. The National Woman Suffrage Association will hold its "twelfth Annual Convention in Masonic Hall, corner" of Washington and Tennessee Sis., Indiana, polis, Ind., Tuesday and Wednesday, May 25th and 26th, 1880. The National Woman Suffrage Association was founded upon the basis of individual rights in and of National protection of national citizens In the exorcise of those rights. What is a vote but an authoritative expression of opinion, and yet for tho hundred years and more of our country's life, iu every State and Territory woman has been counted in the basis of representation, to 8 well the power of one or the other of tho parties in Congress and the country, while have been her rights of "trampled out and ignored." From this Convention must go out our demand for the insertion of the following plank In the platform of each party. to the uso of Resolved. That the ballot in citizen inheres the of the the United States, and we filed ge ourselves to secure protection in the exercise of this right to all citizens irrespective of sex. . Friends of Woman Suffrage from over; the country are earnestly pressed to come to this Convention. Let no matter of mere personal convenience or inconvenience, prevent your presence. It is a duty you Owe yourself, your sex, your country and the self-governmen- t, self-governme- nt u-ig- - world. Every effoit for the comfort of delegates will be made by the Indianapolis Equal Suffrage Society, which will consider the National Association as Its guest during the Convention. The halL selected is large and abundantly prosided with committee rooms; and every preparation will be made-fo-r the quick dispatch of business. Dele, gates and speakers will be entertained, and the address of the lady entertainer with a note of Introduction will.be sent to every delegate who makes known her design to attend the Convention, so that at any hour of arrival the guest will be expected, and go directly to tho address furnished. Delegates fram all States and local socle, tie.', or other suffragists who expect to attend the Convention, are requestsd to at once communicate their intention to Mrs May Wright ThompsonSec'y. E. S. Society, 051 N.Alabama street, Indianapolis, Ind., In whose charge these arrangements are placed This Society will bend all" its energies to giving the National Association, the best possible opportunities for a successful Convention. y -All letters and contributions for the Convention should be addressed to Mrs. Thompson, as above. Notice.of preliminary meetings will be given hereafter. , : On behalf of tho National Woman Suffrage Association. - ; Matilda Joslyn, Gage, Ch'm'n. Ex. B. Com. Susan Anthony, Vice Pros' t at Saba. large. Andrew pencee, Cor. Sec' ..... retary. . ,; . . 