FXPOifFillT .Voiu i The Eights of the Women of 2ion, and the Eights of the 'Women of all Nations. ; : . SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 1, 1880. Si I ) ENCOURAGE YQU& DAY,I)&EAMS. jY Hannah , : t.i kino. a The And the banner IdeaU-tomewa- a beautiful world, I Hf ted in glory unfurled! -- , ' The bannered raised in thf ,beautiful youth, Bora in letters of prism, ihe tingle ward Truth. 1 I atfll had my day&reama, they; gilded my life, And shut from my vlBibn the torrdws or strife. ' ; I'd always' a Future that beckcm'd me on; ' ;tAjid iaevwy desert ajixaciii ahone. On which I could bask and take rest from Of this work a day wprjd, with its ceaseless I strove the toil turmoil, I iook'd back on the past with a comforting pride Alltrialandgrifif lendeavor'd tohlde In the. archives of Him, who is Father and, God, Su pporting the true, while they pass 'Pftath the rod. I still bad my dreams but they were not so bright With regard to this earth and its shim mer. lug ligbt, I heklon to my Ideal.because it was true And constantly held up;my banker, to view; :: . : : ( And here let me say (as there's some who think Myimusoi la chimerical, or Jost on the brink) Just ponder the matter, and then you will see The inner works outer to show what we'U be. To elabpradesjiny waiting on all 'f 1 1 ; ' WVre learning to mak e aiitho Heaier 1ve; need, never Impede,' Tdealitjr helps Tte only a type of the future that's given Then treMUryotkV toi Heaven! andJbratn; t dnoatel Educa, . f.Ajod the Ideai wfll neyer Qe4bTl41e;or3rehi; Hut will epen the door, witi her glimpses all fair . And. show you sweet' vifiions, all lovely And rarei Andlhia sea of the Spirit wll ne;ver deellne' Tiij In jnansions above in.meridiaa ItwlJl shine. ; boXh-bkar- , 1830. City April 8-- 1, , . ; : . - hbw:terrW0 fo the Inmates. Homeia our first school there we life, there our hearts 'gib W with childish love and pity, with sympathy ftiid affection for those wo sit by our V side, who share our. joys and; sorrows,, who' feel withus the ' fe. and trials catesspOhe present of home is .Whatn gives to t The infiuenco sociely its vigor; and , tpne, and .' where, the hoqQes.qf the people are the brightest hap. piestjptaces'on earth, ;where,charjty peace and good will are the .chief characteristics, there .they ' predprninate Jn socletyabpve the others. 'yhe strongest influences are home influences and, those properly exercised Inafter life. fluence the! whole ' ; 1 ; 1 peace has fled from thehdme , r. . ' ri ; ; Amelia. , ! ; 3 j ' ; , vrachr-iT3egre6- 1 1 n f IhBajFy elyprosUm e5t h erer arr soni o instances were they tested that would provo r to beas; tehaerVfltrong and irue ITet all those who assume the name of fflond3 should not be entitled to our confidence for how many times In history has Infidelity in friendship proved fatal. ' Poor indeed 'is he , who has no friend, no one to go to In time of trouble who does not ' even In this, small f way know the blessing of a true and blessed ;; 'friendship. When sad and discouraged whaV 'can: bring such consolation as a friend one who; i loves you and wpuld.if wearjrand; sorrowful layhis heart open' at. your; lee t that' ybu might heal the Wound bv some kind word . some good advice which the: hbbje naturo , : ; - HOMENFLUCE. ' . J a ' tJ i 1 AlX I i " - Home is the place dear to all;, tfre. place ouhdhich 9efaS3bIa aherorir'lb'aa "goiieJ( forth; Into thVbr)d. IXomeisHhe'; place '' here nr5 mlridd are forrred, our first tppfiplns are" There we ar either tQnheHce'pr.Vgood, or evIL Theree love "with' trbd lndtin(ly-In- g ? affection earl. Influence py. and-areio- ved iome.'n -- again. If the YJfWR1 iDIre;."pure princjpjeand to f thbughta anjd.cultijvito poriect nahits then, je'pcljhe. toi) go)puxe;and in.bur th& iurfpundlngqotoncoxne It 'then loinJnd oXthe clid' beconues upright . re .eyit perverted ahiey1lctend"encie3 and Inijltnr be- .tn'i'anydjlh'e W$at fiocty:a we eyer, find UonaBftve come? bad. f' T NOTES AND NEWS. ' : Some may say we do not wish to burden will hold its Twelfth Annual. Convention in Masonie Hall, Corner of Washington and Tennessets JndlnapQlisj Inrl.,';Tue8day and iWednehffiyrMay 25 th and 26th,1880; All letter 'and contributidns Jot i he Convention1 should be addressed to Mrt.'May Wright Thompson Bee EB; Society;661i N. Alabama St. Indianapolis Ind. ; Notice of preliminary ;:. meetings ' will be :'l,Ui' given: hereafter, On behalf of the NaMpnaiWomaii Suffrage " - ; AssoeiatlonV ' . V ".,' - Matixda Joslyn GAOE,Chairi,ja Ex. Com. Susan B.: Anthony, ;Vice-Prest-atIiax- ge. Saba, .Andjikws - Spjenceb; ,Cori. Secretary. ' others with our trials true we!ill not ; tell those whom It will burden but those, wha are happy to know r that' by some," sweety kind word they can lighten the burdeiji and brighten the pathway of others; - " J XChen how happy both may feel 'though sad still they . know they are not 'at6no;r: ' ' there is some one who can appreciate-theiserrow. and brighten f and cheer their saddest moments. This Is the irlend "Wo should.strjve to. , have and, ;to be; , not ono who because to, him,. the ploud .seems light wuijsay nave nOi Syrgpatnyi for Jondi who .; is soioollsh as to be ftrfinblfidhv an ftmnii his Is notour .friend , for . he; ,does : tbing. does not understand that inqtiknowush? some natures are much more sensitive than others andeel more keenly ny I little of- iencp. ,.var mend in snchi a case would say some Kinq yet cneerful and pleasant iword .1 ; The National Woman Suffrage Association : ' j : ; be- -; tweenperson8 of congenial minds tastes and" habits. Its origin is in our nature, men and women naturally seek after social enjoy-- ! ment. They may be surrounded by all the luxuries and amusement wealth can gve yet they could not be happy without friends i in whom they could confide and trust. "We can scarcely opejht any volume of. an-- : ' tiquity ' rwithout discerning how great a thing is friendship For example take' Damon and Pythias, Dayid and Jonathan. these twacaes only show to what a degfBo of enthusiasm it was carried. Even the great Cajsar thought It of enough impor-tan- ce to make1 it the subject of one of his masterly essays.. Although wo do not see this carried7 to enthusiasm orldw , let common sensfi toy-dreams,b- ut Priendship is an attachment existing - ; wiU brightei the pathway that leads ns FRIENDSHIP. gf j They've oome la reality of ten enough To icach me io mingle the smooth' with the rough. To , -- f I still have a t uture-- r y es eyep ?n, earth, in my ideali the're never is sorrow, or dea rth; us-t- .The Home Dramatic Club are preparing to present the new play of Ours.'? r oHy thejbest; but thq best Improved on' which are1 adapted to the young,. How Ruch can be acqmplished at home; If we rightly, devote our time. iBCow (much; Thpwiedge isi gained tai the home by, those in earnest. Ho w much bet- w9to re reallysome ifT. pursue study at home tha,n to be running, around rifling away our time, and accomplishing no good purpose in life. The influences we feel; at home aro lasting ones, as hundreds of intelligent men and women grown old in knowledge will testify. Home Is the just conductor giving just ideas to the Infant mind. If all Is smooth easy and pleasant . at bpme we take the:;Xeellag tjatintothe discord and And speaking prophetic to great and to small, And the pictures the ldeaT presents to pur view Are'visions of that which awaits me and you! . : all-subje- cts tojfcpepjtruq to the.dceam of my youth And borBjUp my bannerwboae motto. was. Truth. . . . drunken-nesrjdgamhlin- ;';Nq. 20. Scandinavian Mission aro very favorable, i Relief. Societies and Young Men's Jmprovo ' ment Associations are now organized in. the various conferences. Our Sunday missionaries, who are appointed to go from family to. family with pamphlets and invite tho people to our meetinga,havo heen very sue-- , cessful; and the . sisters have been! doing good in the same labor.: The Relief Society has truly been a blessingihis: winter to! the sick, the poor and needy. Millennial; Star. exposed to jill sorts of company that yfould tend to mate.young people unsteady and; irregular in their habits or jmpair theirwprh of character. Indulging 'in irregularities and frequenting all sorts of places JeaaY from one degree oC eyif to another and in most instances with boys leads to F9r jnsjnge 'take. the ybjujfrpple": ;r'ho .spend most of thejr them, .not eyenings athomeVyou vwill ".' Ploatjed eyer above me tis b rlghten the' real! ' Reports, from the various branches IrCthd ever felt aad i3 apparent to all who enter? Where all the family sit around" the fire each "doing his or her. part to emakje the evening, pass pleasantly, when the day's toil Is over. Those who have such a .hoine do npt wish to jgo and, spend their evenings Iwalkihg the streets or where they jmay he rears gathered around me but still the ideal i that we love as much as the society of the dear ones at home? V hat is there as pleasant after a hard day's labor, as tlje cheerful,hap-p- y homej where the influence ofloye fis . I dreamt, Oh! I dreamt when a girl la my, teens, . That life was a river with beautiful eireams, Apfl that I doald row dbwa lt la lded caaoa With die that I loved, to hel' paddle It too. " many caatlesboth iptendlcl and high, ' t tent up my kfte tfll the clouds, it was night ' : ... 5 ; r J , ? i j . : ; I to. gladden us- ,a i? t Beatrice. .111 oh or ., 