W 0,MA N'S. 80 THE BRIGIIAM YOUNG ACADEMY (Concluded,) When thi exercise i.s finished, in this deis partment, as in all the others, the signal given and the pupils proceed with the usual studies of the day. As a teacher, Brother Milton H. Hardy lias proven one of the most efficient we have ever had in our Territory. His order, latent system, and method of arousing the keen "powers of his pupils, filling all with a fiire to excel, is something that strike all who take the trouble to sound his pupils, or' listen to his instructions iuthe schoolroom. Like the snow upon the mountain, which sinks into the valthirsty earth, to burst forth in the pleasant ley below into a living spring of sparkling water, do we behold the fruits of such labor bestowed upon our children. Let us take our place in the room where the Principal of this Academy is imparting to his scholars the words of inspiration and truth, with which lie is ever endowed. Monday and Thursday the Book of Mormon is taken as the text. Its origin and value are fully explained, together wit li the wondrous manner in which it these are laid before the wTas brought forth school. Everything is based upon our faith in God, the spirit of order, truth, and an exalting of our fallen natures is instilled into the mind of all. As Mtcser has unlimited confidence in his scholars, each one tries to keep that confidence alive, and the only punishment which is ever administered is the thought that this sacred con fidence is gone. The theology exercises, as given by him, take the most essential points taught in the New' Testament and Book of Mormon; also' a portion of each Wednesday as a grand theo-kv- i; wi si'liij- - .where students arc called upon for exerciscs'trom saer.LJ.:vvmKsv timonyiand essays upon good subjects. lie also teaches the higher branches of .science, Fitch as Latin,-BotanyGeology' &c; Mathematics arc taught by Prof. Booth; Surveying, Trigonometry and Phonography by Prof. Hardy. This is only a bird's eye view of the labors done in "one department, and I will leave others to tell the rest, with the addition of music. My brief review of the Theological department of the Academy must be understood by my, listers as only one pillar of education adopted here, but it is the most important and receives the most thought from the teachers. And if you, my dear sisters, could behold the scene as I do from day to day, the gradual awakening of the truth of this great work upon, the mind ; of the children of the Latter-da- y Saints, you would say 'Glory to' God' have such an institution in our midst, wc that where your children and mine can drink in and receive of the blessing of a testimony and assurance of the true object of life. Will you , help sustain it by your faith and prayers, as well as by the attendance of your children, iJi-otliG- x " , EXPONENT. Class in view, the elevating of God's children on earth, and securing their eternal salvation. Z. Y. Williams. DR. ROMANIA B PRATT, TTTILL COMMENCE ANOTHLR CLASS IN ORSTET .? f - rics, 1 uciouer UJ givtnz three vw, jibsu. UJT1 . ,.,,..,.-- , rr lectures U i u wcrs, tuiu iud tmucuu txjcir wuuie um6 TO fitudv xivuig the usual term of six months can be reduced to a little to than five. &r" Terms, $30. Books, three In number WsT. We are proud and happy to be able to state that Hon. George Q, Cannon has accepted the norainatTontered 1dm at the late Territo" Those desiring ta Join -- REMOVED CALL AND . when possible? One word for the Normal. In this department is brought to bear the experience of a, teacher who has been teaching school, for about thirty years, and- the system, together with the practical workings of school teaching is no thorough and complete that the influence of those who graduate here is already being felt and appreciated by all who have opened their schools to them. Besides:. the watchful care extended over each one in school, there is a domestic department instituted, with strict regulations as to the hours kept by those who attend, and a visit from either a teacher or an old student once a week, to find if all things are agreeable, between host and hostess and boarders. Thus securing n almost fraternal care over those who are way from home, and keeping bnt one object - . j t . JAMEsT DAVID WATER STEAM TINNER, CAS, & FITTER. Agent for RUMSEr'S celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to. . VST Address, David James, Box 306, Salt Lake City. PALACE OF FASHION, No. 17 EAST TEMPLES!. Desires the Ladles of Salt Lake and those visiting the City;-tcall at her Show Rooms and see her New Stock of MILLINERY. The latest and most stylish modes of Hata and Bonnets, In Straw, Felt and Velvet Also, a nice selection in Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Ribbons in the latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, please CalL Ladies' Hair Work In all its branches. Good Worh Guaranteed I WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN DRY GOpDS, HEAVY fe GLASS 3o2d Obstetrics and Diseases of Women and Children as speclal--itlo- s. NOTIONS, GROCERIES, SHELF HARDWARE, &. OTJEENSWARK , 33 J. & 3D 33 Xj S T SALT LAKE CITY. ' , . -- - Hunter's old residence, between Z. CM Special Departments foi- - Gent's Clothing and Carpets, Ladles' and Children's Shoes, Dry Goods, Shawls and Domestics, Groceries, Hard ware and Stoves. in,'- Xa Of Salt Lake City and vicinity will find the LARGEST UEST SELECTED STOCK Of EXAMINE OFFICE on Main St , over Calderi Music Store. RESIDENCE on South Temple- Street, between 9th and l&th East Streets. Special attention gven to Obstetrics, Diseases of Children and Disease of the THROAT, HEART and LUNQS. PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON. 33 126 ELLEN B. FERGUSON, alxysioitt-x- and Stirgobn, R SHUT. - 124 1 Fall aiirt Winter Goods, 5ST Lucy Stone of Boston one of the most truly liberal minded women of the age, has written a concise but able article in the "Woman's Journal," Oct. 9, on the recent atte mpt to disfranchise the women of Utah. She strikes at the root of the matter when she says, "It would certainly never have been attempted if these citizens had not been Mormons." Good for this Wave noble woman. We hall not forget her courageous words. between HAVE TO THEIR NEW STORE, Nqs. : -- Rifidence 11th WardT 7th Eust'streo 1st South Si reets, west side of street. should send in (heir noma F. AUERBACH & BEoT are very sorry we have rial Convention. not space to publish the letter of the committee and his reply. Personally he is highly respected in Washington, as well as in Utah; it is the people he represents against whom so much prejudice exists. He will go to Congress with the sincere esteem of the people who will hare cast their votes for him, and the full and implicit confidence that he. jvill jnain tain, unflinchingly the dignity of his position, as the representative of the rights of the whole people of Utah Territory. ajmcslBlslim) tte Class and order for.booto, as they require to he sent for East AVe DR. ELLIS ' Zxx OHd sit otitic is. and & SLIPPERS, BOOTS, fullSHOES and desirable best brands DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CLASSES WANTED. lines, Also, Oliildreu'ei Fine are Vf Your Shoos, To be found In the West ' G-E- Solicited. Orders JDTTJSTJFO-ZIJD- H STQ.OK'' jQl. Gr 33 Of Home Mnde Truulut for Said by JO HIT C. CUTLER, Agent for the PROVO WOOLEN MILLS, 014 A. Xj -- - Constitution Building; also HOME MADE Cotton Batting, Brown Yarns, Wool Batting, White Yarns, Colored Yams, Brooms, Washboarda, Casslmers, Brushes, Eta, Etc Tweeds, Blankets, Flannels, Shawls, Linseys, . Jeans, iffill It ts th bat Kood Pnrlfler. and Ktimnlates very function to mora hoaithfnl action, und la thta a benefit in all fliseases, In eliminating the tiej of the blond, th Bftttml and necessaryimparl result Is the cure of Scrofulous and other Bfcln Eruption aod Diseasea, Including Cancers, Ulcers and other Sores. Dyspepsia, Weakness of the Stomach, Constipation. lizziness. General Debility, etc- - are oared by the Safe Bitten. It la as an appetizer and regular tonic. it u a medicine which should be In every family, and which, wherever used, will save the , payment of many doctors' billa. Bottles of two sizes prices, 60 cents and tun. H. DIN WpODEY, WHULESALIS AKD HKTAIL FU-RWISE BEDS, SE4XEB LN ITHEII, N WIBE MKTTHtSSES. FOTflEBS. MllM - - BABY ' 75; 77; & 79, nn)d CSTWarncr'a Safe Reme- dies arc sold ' by 'Drnggists-andDealers in Medicine everywhere. ... Proprietors, First South Street, . DB. A.J 1E3. JDTTISO'Bj'Pi x m r.v- ;- 33, 7sr Q FECIAL ..firk'. r,:Vp. and PreeervlMW iFWng :toeth. Teeth Natural rrS- t ' - . ATTENTION to Fla CareftW Extracted. TKrrffJn from one tooth to tt iliH t,M rnm- Pft t int u- - Most Armroved Manner. to Suit Vie Times and ' JKS5d tar Pwnptlci -JS', SALT LAKH CITY. EEWAEHER&CO, f C-iAd- o 