.... , r 0 worlfl Sister Emma Smith' from tho Presidency of the Parowan Branch of the Relief Society, also her counselors,one of whom had already moved to Arizona, which was accordingly done by the voice of the Conference, and a vote of thanks given them for their past labors. The Society was then reorganized with Sister Augusta Mitchell, President; and Sisters' Mary Stevens and Cornelia MMMMH 0 world unseen! epiritoon will ba, unknown In which my I but pierce the veil between Thik slowly ft&mg world and thee! CoUhJ ' '. Could I but catch, thoiifn faint and dim, One glimpse of thine Immortal shore, One note of that celestial hymn That angels slug forever morel Could but one voice the silence break, That doth encompass the around; And in the breathless stillness wake The faintest echo of a sound! Morfenson Counselors. Very excellent remarks were made by Sisters' A. M. Lunt H. Mitchell, Emma Smith, Mary Wimmer,Sage T. Jones and M. A. Unthank,upon our duties as Saints of the MostJIigh, 1 training of children and the benefit derived through Primaay Associations They al30 bore testimony to the truth of the principle of plural marriage etc. Conference adjourned till Sunday 10, A. M. when after the usual exercises of singing and prayer, a Primary Association wax organized with one hundred and fifty-nin- e members. Bister Mary Durham, President and Sister Meta K, Rasmussen and Ann Towler counselors. The names cf Sister Eliza R. Snow as President of all the Belief Societies, and the officers of the Parowan Stake .Society were put before jhe Conference and unanimously sustained as were also the officers of the various Ward Societies. The Sisters who had been chosen to preside overt he Relief Society and Piimary Association of Parowan were then set apart. Appropriate remarks were made during the Conference by Pres. Bame, H. Lunt and Elder Win. Marsden a general good feeling prevaited and tho blessing of God attended us. Conference was adjourned, at noon, till the 24th and 25th, of Mayr188n, to bo held at Cedar City. It was adjourned thus early in consequence of the sudden death of the little daughter of our Secretary, who was taken ill on Saturday evening with violent which continued until her strength spasms was exhausted and at 5 o'clock, on Sunday morning her epiait returned to God who If in the darkness I mlarht traco, Bright with a if lory botno of thee, Tie shadowy'outllne of a face, Or a dear band stretched out to me! Catch but one whisper, one pale gleam Of light eternal, just a touch Of some one gone bef 01 e 'twould seem To my poor soul so much, so much! But Faith alone, with brow serene, Stands by my side and points the way; At 6 all the drifted clouds between Grow bright and, lumjpous as day. II er voice through all the spaces rings, A triumph o'tr death's awtulpalmi And my glad soul responsive sings. An uswer to her joyful psalm. Iler strong arm lifts me far above, Into a realm of purer air; . 1 feel a sweet, sustaining love. That will go with me everywhere. heavenly Faith, with me abide! Forsake me not, thou truest friend; Do thou but lead, O fearless guide! And I will follow to the end. O For thou bast wide the portals tbown, And through thy blessed eyes I see The glory of that Where my freed spirit soon will be. world-unknow- G. A. Kakrick. R. S. REPORTS. Cedar City ;Tkon Co. Editor Exponent: The following report first of the Quarterly Stake Conference, of the Relief Societies of the Parowan Stake of Zion, which was held in the Meeting House at Parowan on Saturday and Sunday Feb. 14 and 15th, 1880. Convened at 10.30. A. M. and waa opened with the usual gave it. "The Lord give th and the Lord taketh away and blessed be the name ot the Load. The sad occurrence cast a gloom over the feelings of the people who were full of sympathy and kindness to the bereaved exercises. Sister Ellen W. Lunt President aGd Sister Mary Anne Lunt and Huldah A. Mitchell Counselors, The Presidents of the several Relief Societies of the Stake were president as also Pres. Wm. H. Dame and counselors Henry Jaunt and Samuel Orton, Bihops BayJiss, Wm. C. McGreger, J. EL pally and C.J. Arthur and others of the Priesthood, were also presept by, invitation of the sisters. Pres. Iuht stated the business of the Conference, and that we had.not come to give any special instruction but to mingle our voices and rejoice together, trhe condition of the various ward 'Societies were reported verbally by Presidents Emma Smith, Sage T. Jones and Eliza Barton, of the ParowanjCedar and Paragoonah Waids. Verbal reports were also given of the Y. L. M. I. Associations of the same place, by - ones. A Primary Association was organized in this place Feb. 7, 1880, with Sister Mary Stewart President and Sarah Chatterley and Josephine C. Wood Counselors with 92 members. At a. meeting 29 others were enrolled making a total of 121, Donald C. Stewart was appointed Secretary and Charlotte A. Chatterly assistant secretaay, Edward Jones Pain er, Treasurer. Ever praying for your pro3yerity and Buccwss in the noble work in which you are engaged. . Sabah Chatterley, Sec'y. . A FEW MORE WORD3 ON THE MAN QUESTION. I presume that ere this you are over run with woman's writings on the above ques. CedeniaSmithp M;"A; "Lunt and Mr&Barton, all of which were represented Sisters- tion. to be in favorable condition and good stand. After the opening of the afternoon session the Secretary of the Stake read the Financial and Statistical reports of each Ward comprising Parowan Cedar Parogoonah and Summit which showed that the Societies were in a flourishing condition, after which Pres. Lunt said, in consequence of Bro. Jesse, N,, Smith haying been called tqmove to Arizona; it became our duty to release WO- 1 If not, 1 should like to see a few of my thoughts and ideas on the subject? i i print for the perusal of those who are Inter. rested in the 'same. I am living in tho country and do not know who all our op. posers are; but I have been led to exclaim: "Surely they are not all Mormons, who thus seek to bring into ridicule the ladies names who petitioned the Legislature' for some enactment- - removing woman's political disabilities. Ladies who command 80 much respect, and whoso names are so illustratious among this 'People." These ladies have been called upon to stand in the pulpitjbefore learned, gifted and experienced men, of this community; and they have, with womanly grace, queenly dignity, and earnest zeal, which woman always feels for the welfare of her fellow beings, sought to enlighten, to elevate, in short, to persuade this people to live lives of purity, and to prepare themselves to dwell In the Celestial. Kingdom of God. Their words have penetrated the hearts of their hearers, making impressions that cannot be effaced. Can they fear that,If woman were granted equal political rights wUh inan, she would lose her reason and judgment,and that all the people would become insane and try to rush women into office for which they are unfitted, both by circumstances and nature? What woman with common sense, to way nothing of the tender ties of motherhood, could leave her family of small children to run in the street,or (dreadful picture) leave them for their loving father's to wash, dress, nurse and care for;. or expect Papa to smoothe their own bed, or soothe her brow? Tender attenbusiness g tions which, of course, she never needs in the daily drudgery of domestic life. They say "if woman is to improve society she must do su at her own by has instructing the children." This she been trying to do ever since thebundation of the world; and yet hef sons will go,from her side, out i n to the world and partake more or less of the evils of public life. They will drink, gamble, swear,eiectioneer, and sometimes shed innocent blood "over the man they wish to put intp office. Bat woman must look quietly on nor can she wish to interfere without being considered out of nor sphere, if a man has one in his composijot of gentlemanly dignity tion, the presence of ladles will do more towards restraining these evils than even law itself. All women have not tho con. stant care of children; and many could, I believe, fill some public offices with honor to themselves and benefit to the community wherein they reside. Most men hate a , or woman's rights woman. If the world does not need strong-minde- d women,I don't believe it does strong-minde- d men. If we were the senseless dolls gome men seem to think us, how could we bring into existence and rear our intelligent sons? Man need not fear that woman will ever try to usurp his place in public life. The man who is affectionate and kind will ever command the respectful love and admiration of the weaker and more dependent sex; and. the woman who has such a husband will lookto him, not with the cringing fear of a love for a tyrannical master, but with the proud confiding love cf her nature. Woman will .never be satisfied until she is acknowledged as tho equal and counselor of man. head-achin- flre-sid- e, . strong-minded- -- DOROAS. Tins year WomanV Suffrage is making considerable progress in the States. In . Iowa a majority vote decided: to submit to the dec ision of the people an amendment to the. Constitution; entitling men and women citizen to equal suffrage, irrespective of sex. Iii New York, Massachusetts and four other States the women are allowed school suffrage, and to hold such offices to educational matters. In Rhode Island and Connecticut tho Governors have recommended the same. as-pertai- n 