62 r WOMAN'S EXPONENT .." . THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EHHELTtfE B. WELLS, Editor. Published in. Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, $2. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50? per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Bosines hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to semi-monthl- the Territory of Utah, Sisters, let us be wise and act well our part, that there may be no blame attached to us in this matter, which is of vital interest. In this grand department of public weal, in this juncture of affairs, which calls for united eflbrt, woman bears the same AN APPEAL TO WOMEN VOTERS. relation to the subject at issue as man, and wherever there are serious entanglements or difficulties, woman is as great a sufferer as man, and many times more so The Diirden of oppression, the horror of war often falls heaviest on defenceless women and children. God has given us freedom, let us be grateful. He has given us the ballot; let us use it wisely for the protection of those we love and the maintenance of peace and good order. Let us act wisely and in concert with our brethren in this matter, for what benefits one blesses the other correspondingly, and there must be union of effort with men and women, if any really great good is to be accomplished. is the vigilance LIBERTY." FROM SANPETE TO JUAB COUNTY. Publisher Womah's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, SEPTEMBER "ETERNAL 1, 1880. PRICE Of This is a true and wise saying. It is one too that the Latter-da- y S lints, men and women, should ponder well in their hearts and diligently act upon in their every day lives. There are inzuy duties which demand attention, and which if neglected, brJnff jnto Some sort of bondage, for instance if prayer is ntsit(Ht Satan has power over that individual to lead bio, astray, and bring him in bondage to Satan. It is very customary in this day to talk of freedom and liberty, this is spoken of as a free country. Everybody has certain Inalienable rights,which it is an mpera tive duty to maintain and exercise for themselves. One of these rights Is the ballot. In Utah this privilege is secured to woman. pe W important she should exercise Then It it as it is that man should. The influence of te-jri- -- st woman characterizes society, and when woman has the opportunity of using her influence as a member of the Commonwealth, it is her imperative duty to assist all that lies in her power, in the, adyahce, iik Uv maintaining of good order, and In the protecting or defending of the government of which she forms a part. A woman's vote counts just the same as a man's, and the women of Utah, who possess this blessed right should not hold it lightly, nor esteem it a little thing. Every woman who is old enough to cast a vote and is a citizen born, or naturalized, should go to the polls with the same sacred sense of duty with which she kneels down to pray. What wisdom would there be in praying to God to give us liberty, if we do not appreciate it to do our share towards enough maintaining it? None. If there is any woman who has not registered her name according to the law of the Territory, so that she can vote legally, she should do so. The books will be open for those who havefailed to register heretofore, on the 13th of September, which will be the second Monday In this month, at the office of the Assessor and Collector in each county. Sisters go and be sure, if you' are not already positive. The opportunity for registering will last one week only, and whoever desires to register must do so within that time. At the recent etectIon; held on the '2nd of August, for electing county officers, many persons went expecting to cast their vote, and were disappointed, because their names were not found on the county register. The registration for the city, or for municipal elections, will not; answer for the county. Do not fail, sisters, to put yourselves right in this matter, so thatjrou ma bejprepared to cast your vote, which will be" quite an important factor at the November election. What will apply to the sisters in this county will also hold .good for the women of every other county in NOTES BY THE WAY. Early on Saturday morning, August 14th, our party left Fayette for Levan. The distance is 26 miles, and the roads were dreadfully cut up and very dusty. Sister Eliza R. in a light buggy, drove the whole distance. She is a good charioteer, having driven a team most of the way out or rauvoo Arrived in Levan in time for din- ner, went directly to Bishop Aaggaard's, where Sister Goldsbrough was in waiting expecting our arrival. Bro. Knight had brought her over to meet the sisters there and take them on to Nephi. There was a primary meeting of the children in the afternoon and a special meeting of the Relief Society, in the evening, to which the brethren and young people were cordially" invited. There was a good attendance and all seemed to enjoy hearing the sisters talk. The next place defined in the programme was Nephi, whither, on the following morning, Bro. Knight, with a carriage load of sisters, wended his way. Arrived at Sister Goldsbrough's before noon. In Nephi we attended three meetings. The Primary Associations met together and their singing and exercises were excellent. The children seem to appreciate having meetings of their own. In fact everywhere the children seemed to enjoy the spirit of the Lord in these precious little meetings. In the evening cial meeting of the Relief Society convened and there was a large audience. Many young people were present and great interest was manifested in what was spoken. Sister Eliza talked over an hour without pausing, and her wise counsel and excellent instructions flowed forth as it were fresh from the fountain of her soul. We stopped with the Sisters Pitchforth. In the morning before leaving for.Mona, the next place to be visited, We were shown the job printing press of Miss Leonora Pitchforth, it is rather odd to find a young lady with a printing press, performing all the work herself. She does the necessary printing of records, etc., for the county, and many little things that would otherwise have to be sent for some distance from Nephi, the nearest press being in Provo. We saw some specimens of her work which were very neatly executed. We say success to the young lady's enterprise in printing, we think it shows a good degree of energy and she certainly deserves patronage. On the morning of the 16th, Brother and wife and. Bister Goldsbrough tookKnight us to Mona, at which place we were to take the train for home. Two meetings were held there, one with the Primary Association and the other with the Relief Society. These were the last . meetings we attended, making thirty in an since leaving home. Everywhere the peope seemed prosperous and happy. The sisters are making improvement in everything that is practicable for the Relief Society to undertake that will tend to the general good, and a good degree of enterprise is almost everywhere apparent. Spiritually there is a great change noticeable since the organizations of women have been formed. Many of the sisters who could not offer up a simple prayer in public when called upon, are now able to speak intelligently on the principles of the Gospel and to preside with dignity in the sisters' meetings over large assemblies even when many brethren are present. It is only a little over a year since the first Primary Associations were organized in Ban-peCounty, and others were organized in te Au-gu- st just one year ago; and the improvement which has been made by the children is very great indeed. Little boys and girls will open and close their meetings with prayer; they will rise up and speak of the goodness of God, and the joy there is in doing good. In singing, reciting and writing essays, they are rapidly progressing, and it is a source of pleasure to travel from place to place and see the unity of feeling that exists, and the beautiful and teachable spirit which the children have when they come together in their meetings. This spirit and blessing will go with them to their homes and their playgrounds, and will be a potent influence in directing the little ones in the path of duty and obedience. We thank the good people of Sanpete and Juab for their pleasing attentions, and shall not soon forget the many hearty welcomes, nor the fervent "God bless yoj," from the hiebops, brethren and eisters, wherever we tarried on our way. It is very gratifying to visit the people in thetlilfereafc seUIeme&taaiid'Jea:iujw..iJiey.v have toiled and persevered under various dif- ficulties to build up the country and extend the borders of Zion; and to find them engaged heart and soul in furthering the purposes of our Father, to establish his kingdom, preach the gospel, build temples, and redeem Israel. It is a remarkable feature of this latter-da- y work that go where you will among the Saints, there is the same genuine spirit and influence which is intensely Mormon, and is always perecptible to tha initiated. It is this strong cord of union which strengthens and binds together the people of God. The more they become acquainted with each others' hearts, the more closely will they be knit together in the bonds of that beautiful love which will eventually bring peace and good will to all. HOME AFFAIRS. The Relief Societies of Utah County held their Quarterly Conference on Friday Aug. 27. We acknowledge the courtesy of an invitation and sincerely regret not being able to attend. The Primary Association of the 14th Ward held their annual conference on Friday Aug. 27. Several visitors were present, and the meeting was one i of special interest. Sisters Home,. Woodruff, Clawson and others addressed the children. We publish in this issue the poem by Bishop F. Whitney,j written for th Jnhfw ft Tttirfv nf v whlchwas read in the Tabernacle by Col. David McKenzie at the celebration of the last ' 21th of J uly, and afterwards published In the Dcseret New aud Contributor. It now annears for the O. mr - m first time in its complete form. The part left oil t befor ofNauvooand the Martyrdom of the Prophet and Patriarch and a glorious tribute to the Tio-- 