'8 WOM i visit .and the blej stranger, still continuing "i- -' sick, and bless them" " seeme com, 'last illness ner spirit the vatf gone-behi.who vfeited hem by the ft n caW those' PP1 hns Sono to the spirit world, nam : a gh had for have been offered for her that tog many prayers "rfr and when things, began to be a little more quiet; my: father, desired to go to his home: as he had been, without food for many hours. Jle asked some who were standing hear, if he could have the. privilege of going to his house a little distance off1, they referred him b their Captain Bogart, the Methodist preacher, he went to him and told him what he want- Jftn nd with--perso- n i . . ongnypt:h-She had i ? ; The soul who on Jesus Has leaned tor repose, I will not, I cannot, desert to his tocflj That wuU tho' oil bell should endeavor to shake, I'll never, no never, no never forsake." Sister Tnieloye Ward, widow of the late Thomas Ward, who departed this life in Spanish Fork, April 10th, 1880, was born May 24th, 1802; embraced the eosnel in Leicester. England, May 24th, 1852, and emigrated to Utah in 1864. She ' faithful member of the' Relief Society of Spanish Fork;' Her cheerful disposition, kindness and integrity to the principles of the gospel she- - assoo iated endeared Ti er" to "all with to the dimcult is mention It special characteristics of a life that has been filled with goodness in the various relationships of wife, mother, and an active member of the kingdom of God. She leaves a daughter (Sister, Truelove Thompson) and several grandchildren; She retained: her, . faculties to the last, and died suddenly while on! a visit to one or her marriea granauaugmers. was a . 11 a wait rinnVAKV. iiigirn terested father pointed out ' his son telling him that was his boy, and he said, "If that Is your son he may pass, he may- - go home." That i evening he left his post and spent the whole evening at our house, and came a rramber oir times aiterwara ami ineu io persuade my parents to leave the "cursed : mbris," told them ttiey were too good to follow V 1 "s Winlam ivicCleHcn cneti a a came and' Spent an -- evening, and seemed to feel a lingering regard for father, notwithstanding he had given him so sharp arebuke, he plead with him to leave the deluded lyiormons. We had not been in Far West over three weeks when the mobbing commenced, and in the bleak month of February we started in company with Brigham Young and family and several others who left on the 14th. the poor My father remaining behind to help to assist as the well as Saints in getting away, their in escape making Prophet and his brethren' from prison.' He being almost a stranger there couM stay with less danger than Bro. Brigham. who was obliged to keep himself disguised, ajad he was seen but little with us in the day time. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. s Among the mob who surrounded the brethren were men who had once professed to be beloved brethren. They had piloted the mobs into the city, two of the first Twelve Apostles and two of the Witnesses to the BookOof Mor mon and many others were led by Neil Gilhum, a white man who was painted and styled himself the "Delaware Chief.", A portion of the troops were also painted like Indians. They pointed their guns upon thp brethren and swore they would blow out their .bsains, although they were disarmed and helpless. " Wil liam E. McClellen ; wanted to know where Heber C. Kimball was, when some one pointed him out as he was sitting on the ground. He came up to him and said: ' "Brother Heber, what do you think of Joseph' Smith the fallen prophet now? Ha lie not led you blindfolded long enough; look and see yourself,M poor, jyour family stripped and robbed and your brethren - , Where are you and Hankie and scores of others; have you not betfayed : Joseph and his brethren into the hands Qf the mob, as Judas did Jesus? Ye; JveriiyMyou have; I tell you Mornonlsm is true, and Jjseph is a true prophet of the living God, and you with air others who turn therefrom will be d d and go to h 1 and- Judas will ruld over - -- Sister oung, with terrible, and my motheratand a house and asked the their children j topped themselves. There were privilege of warming no men, only women there, but they began talking about the horrible "Mormons" and eyed us very closely.'- - Sister Young and my mother said, and looked horappeared to believe all theyimitated them. rified and 'we children and we more humane were" who same found were allowed the privilege of staying all night, to content ourat other times we were obliged Our bedselves with a fire by th mnrlsMe.contained all room was one little wagon, which remember I we had left One day in particular to Iceep to walk were. we obliged cold was fo oldest-brothwho drove from freezing. My becoming our cow, bad gone ahead, and of the cold, in confluence very sleepy putting the cot off from his horse, and to Dr.Xev down laid sleep. arm bridle over his with was uf, and had traveling who ! - V '. of the wagons, soon overtook alo none ahead and a few well mean-n- g him, and by hard shaking Ho blQWwhich made him angry enough We crossed " ; , t ati1 n tfkTYtkrY1 m lft1 Amen." Richard, j j m- - O TY has not entered into thy heart as yet, and the children of men shall 'believe thy words, and flock to the water for baptism even as they did to my servant John; for thou shalt be great in winning souls to me, for this is thy gift and calling, and there shall be no. gift withheld from thee, if thou art iaiuiiui, uiereiure uo laiuum and I will give thee favor in the eyes of , the people: be humble and kind and you shall obtain kindness; b nseriful,and you shall obtain mercy, and I will be with you even unto the Tend. er, -- - A always with you, even to, the end, therefore be of KQ chftftr, my son, and my spirit rimll ..be Jn your heart to teach you the peaceable things , ofthe kingdom; trouble not thyself about thy famI1r fnr fhv ia In mv linnfi! T will ffpwi t.hom and clotlie them and make unto them friends. They never shall want for food nor raiment, houses nor lands, fathers nor mothers, brothers nor sistersj and peace shall rest upon them forever, if thou wilt be faithful and go forth and preach my gospel to the nations of the earth, for thou shaft b blessed in this thing, and tby tongue shall be unloosed to euch a degree that "Mor-mons- ." anb Abominations. Most of the brethren had been without food for twenty-fou- r hours, not having time td go to their houses bbforo they wero taken' prisoners; mm. re o f slsvrir l the same fir, are you satisfied with' Joseph?" ' -He replied, "Yes, I am more satisfied jwith him, a hundred fold, than ever I was before, for I see you in the very position that he fdijetdld you would be in; a Judas to betray your brethren, if you did not forsake your adultery, lying j when We suffered considerably from cold at the start, as the people for some distance around Far West were very bitterly opposed to the was Th e day we started th weather in 1 through the Instrumentality; of Bro. George Pitkin, my mother was introduced to a .widow by the name of Ross, who let herjiave a nice room and the privilege of cooking in her kitchen, and was as kind to her as an own mother or sister. She seemed greatly interested in her history, and wanted to introduce her to her most intimate friends. A very sweet lady, a relative of hers, who, was also a wldownanifestcd much sympathy and invited us to her beautiful home whero wo were treated with the greatest politeness. They appeared to look ui on mv mother as ene-wh- o had knownJbetter Jays, rented a vacant storehouse for his family a few rods from us. We tarried there seven weeks and only had to pay fifty cents a week. At the end; of that time' John P. Greene came and moved us up to Quincy and rented a comfortable room. My father in his journal says: "My family having been gone about two months, during ; which time I heard nothing from them. Our brethren being in prison, xleath and destruction following us wherever we went, I felt very sorrowful and lonely. The following, words came to me, and the spirit said unto me write, which I did by taking a piece of paper and writing on my knee as follows: Far West, April G, 1839. A word from the Spirit of tho Lord to my servant Heber C Kimball. Verily, I say unto my servant Heber: Thou art my son, in whom I m well pleased; for thou art careful to hearken to my words and not tnwgresw my law nor rebel Joseph, for thou hast a reagainst my servant TVOrda of xaino anointed, even from spect to inoleast to the greatest of them; therefore thy -- name is written In Heaven no more to be blotted out forever because of these things; and my Bpirit and blessing shall rest down upon thy posterity forever and forever, for they shall be called after thy, name, for thou shalt have many more - sons and daughters, for.U)yi6eed shall be numerous as the sands upon the sea shore, therefore my servant Heber, be faithful, go forth in my name, and I will go .with you, and be on your right hand and on your left, and my angels shall go before you and raise you up whenT you fYl Sktrel i.llfbf dvtc. V " Bro.-Brigha- the EARLY REMINISCENCES, - the lx)rd . !toldt him that : we should. ft II. At ny L : . it-fo- - v at-ttfahn- . She leaves two faithful daughters, who were greatly attached to her, a host of grandchildren, arid several of the fourth generation. Long will they miss her in the', famify circle, and greatly shall we miss her m our sodety .meetings. Sweet be the sleep of her we loved. ' Jj. II. Pratt. yOU." fight, started the blood to circulating and saved his life.We soon after arrived Vin cent linight's Jionse, where his feet were found to be badly, frozen. ..We remained there until the next morning'. . The .Lord was with us, and although we never heard from my: father for eds Bogart first spoke of sending some one with him,1 as he would be liable to be shot down. if found alone, but in a short time paid, "I will go with you.' This happened the day after we had stayed all night with Bister Mary Smith. My mother prepared dinner after they came, and x Bogart ate and laughed and chatted as though he had been an invited guest. ' They then returned to --where the brethren were still under guard.. :They were released the next day, but could not leave the city as it was surrounded by a strong guard. The Baints who had fled to Far West brought with them what they could, in their haste. Their stock were running loose" In the streets, and during that time all had the privilege of killing if they were in need. During this time I remember of but once eating wheat bread. I took the wheat and went to one of our neighbors who owned a large coffee mill and were kind enough to Jet us ue it, and it took me a good portion of the day to grind sufficient for a short cake. My mother made supper and my father often spoke of it afterward as being the best cake he ever ate It contained bran and all. We had an abundance of milk and honey and hulled corn, and were blessed with health and excellent appetites, with the exception of friit Tnir mntlior tdmhup licmlfli waa ?1Imt nvonitrr nftnr th brethren WPffi wlpnspfl. mv oldest brother was sent a short distance on an returned, a guard had been errand, and before he set near our house: ' At my brother's approach the guard drew his rifle and threatened to blow out his brains, if he stepped one inch further towards the house. Through the agency of some . fe friend; father was notified of it, Hajw man and spoke to him fa a rrJendly manner And country, conversed with him about the beautiful of so much more so than EnglanV vr-utratelbeen bad n " countries 'o be--n the affliction might be 'removed; to hear better, and after the stroke could did in her life. The bear as well as she ever when she enburden of her desires were that tered the home.of the redeemed, she might hear the welcome applause, "Well, done, good and faithful servant, thou hast fought the good'rlght hast kept the faith, hast done thy work, and done it well, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord." As she drew near the close, she repeat. ed a verse of a favorite hymri: Continued. E X P O K B N Tr I r ': My father found us at Quincy, Ills., well and in good spirits, on. the 2nd day of May, 1839. He says: ffln reading the words of inspiration which to the truth I had written, my wife bore record of that part which says 'trouble not thyself about thy family,", etc. She had had no lack of friends and had every comfort bestowed upon her that she could have had among her own kindred, and my I gay hi my heart God bless them 'all, and brother Brigham for his great kindness in assisting them Into Illinois. , God bless all who aided and assisted my family; for Jesus says every man shall be rewarded for every good deed ; that e doeth. In relation to' that part which said I should have many sons and daughters, my wife rather doubted that, as she considered she was too far advanced in years, and the thought had never entered her mind, or mine, that the Lord would establish in this Church the doctrine of in our day, still I believed it pluralitynf wives, to the earth At some future would be restored, V time." ' ' :.v, j ' f: 1 ' : . ; 