WO kid gloves, neckties, pocket handkerchiefs," etc., as "contingent expenses?" Just as fierce a war wa3 waged against those unfeminine women who would study medicine, knowing how many of their own Bex dreaded being attended by gentlemen practitioners, preferring for themselves and children a woman's presence, sympathy, and intuition of just what they felt, "be cause she is a woman and knows just what is meant when told some particular ache." And as women have proven themselves competent M. D's,, so also I have no doubt will some women prove themselves equally competent and eminent politicians, if wise and generous men accord them the privilege of equal political rights. It looks as though some men said in their hearts, "You may vote, for I need your vote, but you can't have half my privilege to hold office and earn what you want, paying for it yourself." Political rights look a good deal like this to me: When I was a little girl, we frequently went in crowds to gather wild nuts. On one occasion, one girl in the crowd had a hammer, and offered to crack all the nuts for the crowd, When she had done so she gave us each a small s of the share, keeping about amount for herself. Her explanation was, that she was the girl that cracked the nuts, and ought to have the largest share; we three-fourth- had no hammers, anyhow, and ought to bo satisfied. But when we each expressed our willingness to do our own work, if she would lend the hammer, she said she couldn't see it. And so with the gentlemen (some of them) j they don't wish to lend us the hammer of political advantage. Cinderella. AN ADDRESS. Continued. And yet we are asked what we want that we have not already gotten, as ii we were importunate children clamoring for the sweet meats that are supposed to bo too strong for our digestion. We want, an open field and no favor; we want you to decide upon the merits of our case and not out of a spirit of chivalry to our sex, but upon those principles of equality that grow out of tne maxim, "what you would that others would do unto you, do ye even so unto them." We want equal and exact justice, we want for our girls the same chances in the race, that are provided for our boys We want to be allowed to dicide, what our sphere is, and not bo advised by every quack in law, or theology, that,"it is mot decent for a woman to speak, and that if she thirsts for knowledge she must ask her husband at home. We want capacity to be the test of power. We believe that "taxation without representation, is tyranny now, as much as it was, a hundred years ago, we want to pay our taxes like honest citizens, but we want a voice in the uses to which they are to be put. We want all the schools that are supported by tho Government to admit girls as well as boys. We want all churches that claim to be any thing but Pagan in their doctrines to open their deors to women and men alike. We want the right of trial by juries of our peersr we want our colleges to admit young women to the same course, and on the same conditions as they do young men. All these things, and many more, wo ask in the name of common humanity, and we will not be contented with the half loaf that is being grudgingly oflered. The demands of the age, are radical, and there can bo no hall way measure?. Belva Jock- - MAN'S EX P O N E wood, of Washington city, last winter was admitted to practice law in the U. 8 Supreme Courts after having waited for years, the only bar to her admission being her sex. The rusty hinges of Harvard College are slowly creaking to admit women to the same course of study, but not the same honors; the young lady students are not to be called students, and are not to use the college library, or be admitted to competitive honors, and not entitled to diplomas when the course is finished; here is a bit of fossilized wisdom worthy to be remembered. Mrs Van Cotta preacher of marked ability was refused the right of being ordained by the Rev. Bishops of California because she had the misfortune to be a woman, Within a few weeks a venerable pious woman was refused a hearing in a well known church in our own county, because it was not considered decent for a woman to speak in a church. In Wisconsin lately Lavinia Good-ell- , was refused admission to the Supreme Court of the state, not for lack of qualitica. tion,but because the learned judge decided that being a woman she was not a person. This might be borne perhaps with some degree of patience,if all men who are legally constituted, our representatives, were generous, just and chivalrous, bat the general reader knows thatto day a large proportion of the women who lose their lives by are wives, who are sacrificed by their vio-lenc- e, affectionate,"divinity ordained" protectors. One of the quiet streets of Oregon i3 haunted by the bloody walling ghost of a murdered wife and mother, who met her death sud. denly and iolently, by the hand of the man who solemnly promised at the altar to love cherish and protect her. Such tragedies are not very common, and yet they occur often enough to convince us that we need all the protection that our rights as citizens entitle us to. Many a timid wife runs the risk of being butchered, rather than face the dreadful advertisement,"Left my bed and Jboard without just cause or provocation," &c. &c. Society has many crimes to atono for in Its way of tieatiug women. A woman surely who is not too good to be kicked or beaten to death by her legal head, is not too good to vote. All women are, or ought to be, interested in helping to reform the abuse growing out of such a slavish system. Unless husbands and wives can dwell together in unity, give tho man the bed and the wife the board. We have on this Continent every thing calculated to make us rich, prosperous and hippy, except freedom but institutions are all based upon the fundamental principles of equality, if we make sex a qualification that must forever bar one half of the people from any participation affairs, we withhold forever from women and their female posterity the blessing of liberty. To them this government has no just powers, derived from the consent of the governed, to them this government is not a democracy it is not a republican. It is an ristocracy a hateful oligarchy of most hateful sex, the aristocarcy ever established on the face of the globe. This aristocracy which ordains all men sovereigns, all women subjects, can never be perpetuated, In a land claiming to be free. But in the face of all these humiliating facts, there are good omens for the Bpeedy enfranchisement of woman. in-publi- III. r NT. c 143 the stand reading, she evidently" knocked the lamp off on to the carpet;; I sprang for a woolen quilt which lay pa trie Jdunge, expecting to see a tremendous . fire, But , on discovering it to be only a common iaze, I called to her to blow It out;ibut iraif adv she caught it up as quick as thought, which sent the blaze: down into the oil (there jwas about a pint of oil in the bowl of the lamp), which caused a wonderful torch. I need not undertake to describe to you the fright it gave me, for 1 expected 'every 'second to see the lamp burst in her face, as sheran across the room to the door; but Instead of turning the handle she turned the key, which I consider a very providential thing; I thought I must open the door and dash out the lamp, but as I was about to do so the oil went out as though something dropped from above on to it. I immediately exclaimed, tho Lord pajs they that tithe shall not be burned, and He would not let me be Tmrned, so He has put that.fire out. The Scripture was fresh in my mind, as I had paid my tithing that day. Anyhow,! consider it tho safest: and the best way to be on the sure side, pay our tithing and obey every other commandment which God has given. I would recommend to every Latter-da-;7 Saint to read the Book of the Prophet Joshua, and notice how particular be .was in charging the people of; God Jo keep all the commandments and observe all the or. dinances, which, if they did, what great blessings they would obtain; but if they neglected these things, what awful scourges would come upon them. He speaks Tsyery particularly against their letting their sons aim uaugniers marry ousiae or tne Church, which If they did they should have thorns in their sides, and their plliows; should be wet with tears. r x ; Rest assured, my beloved friends the same causes will produce the like, effects in our day as In all others when God has an organized Church on the earthy to whom Ho reveals His will through His prophet. Therefore, let U3 govern ourselves accord, ingly, that we may bo accounted worthy to inherit the blessings of thrones, principal!, ties, powers, and an endless continuation of 1 i ves in the presence of tho Father and the Son, with all our dear friends who have gained the crown of life. Recently I had a very singular , dream, and I wished to know what the interpretation of the dream was, and this is the interpretation which came to .me: Our compositions and. all our. conversation must be holy; they must not be mixed up with rouj;h or vulgar words and, phrases, or we would be ashamed to have them exhibited In a coming day. Mothers,, while your children's minds are young and tender, teach them to abhor rou eh words; o to use good and,. proper lancuae-ftthem teach them to treat everybody with respect; and in tine, teach them to be, gentlemen and ladles, fearing Qod and; reverencing His holy name, that they may fee a blessing an(l comfort to yous in font declining ears. , y ; , ; : . t A CRITICISM OF FRANCIS PAJtK MAN . "The reciprocity 'betweenlthe two rate halves of human nature extends sepaover a wide field,1 not only In passions arid emotions, but in the regions of moral and intel- . : lectual life. - "It is a fructifying power, with which neither the world of thought nor the world of action could well dlsnfinVo Francis Parkman in hi3 essay; on the Wo. " ANOTHER MANIFESTATION OF GOD'S GOODNESS. A few evenings ago, as my girl eat by f 1 