WOMAN'S EXPONENT 22 fhia wnrk which has been begun m We are peculiarly assocjaui, this day. the young men, teaching the juveniles, the sisters to look and and the young women, the sick, and also after the wants of the poor, of those they are asto look after the happiness be able to to sociated with; it is a gieat thing book here, a do good.and I have brought along I will and it is called "The Law of. the Lord," book. this from have Bro. NuttaU read a little Relief society in Joseph Mmi th organized the " Kauvoo. Brother L. John Nuttall then read from the "Law of the Lord" concerning the orgnization Nau-voof the Relief Society, in the Lodge; Room, March 17, 1842, when Mrs. Emma Smith was appointed President. Elizabeth Ann Whitney and Sarah M. Cleveland, her Counselors. After Toother N. had finished reading Pres. irx o, concerning the Taylor made explanatory remarks duties it gave and organization and thepowers had Krama Smith that stated to woman, lie the to Scripordained been previously expound tures, probably by the Prophet Joseph himself, not know, however he but he did (President (Taylor) said he was presenttoat that ordain time and was called upon by Joseph counEmma's and Cleveland, Sisters Whitney instrucniuelrrnore selors. Pret. Taylor gave tion to the sisters, and closed his remarks by saying, God bless the children and God bless tho sisters with Sister Snow at their head. Mrs. M. L llorne moved, and Mrs. S. M. Kimball seconded the motion that President Taylor publicly appoint "Sister Eliza" as president of all the Relief Societies.. Prest, Taylor stated that Sister EJiza had been secretary of the first organization of Rerofiociety in Nauvoo. Prest. Taylor then nominated her ana was sustained as president. Sister Eliza then eho Waters Zina I. Young iand Elizabeth Ann Whitney selors, who were tiieii nominated by President Taylor and sustained by tho conference; also Sarah M Kimball as secretary and M. Isabella llorne as treasurer. These sislera forma central organization for all tho Relief Societies ot all the Stakes of Z Jon. The children's conference was then, adjourned for ' three months. Sung "Lord dismiss us with U13' blessing." BenedicCannon. tion hyJJt-AngusM- . Saturday afternoon, June 19. The conference " "of thel'VLM. JAsctioasjDjEL. Uie 3aJt;Lake Stake convened. Mrs. M. A. Freeze presiding, the remainder oftlieminutcs of this in teresting conference will be given in the July 15 number, as we have not space.. However, we must notice the appointment of a Territorial Central Committee for the Y. L. M. I. A. On nomination of Mrs. Eliza R. Snow Smith, Mrs. E. S. Taylor was sustained as president of a central committee, and Mrs. Maggie Y. Taylor and Miss Mattie J. Homo as her counselors; Miss Louie Wells, secretary, and Mrs. Fannie Y. Thatcher, treasurer. We regret exceedingly not being able to publish fullparticulars of this important conference. V E. U W. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. The Relief Society of Fish Haven gave one of our faithful Sisters a suprise. Sifter Hulda Teeples Who Is one of the eldest members in this Church, and she is one that has passed through many troubles, trials, and tribulations. We assembled ourselves together at the house of Brother John Stock and proceeded from there to tho house of her daughter Henrietta Stock where she has been visitug for some rnonths,but intends returning home to Holden, Millard Co., where a number of her children are at present residing. This was her C8th, birthday. : After shaking hands and wishing her many good wishes we were ushered into her daughters front room where we were all comfortably seated thesiitcra all feeling so well thero were many thing talked About. After wd had been seated for a time caka and currant wine were passed around, it'.wasjwine of our own make ..from berries of pur,'own raising and it was as .delicious as any that'' can h6 made In any place from th e grapes. After this there was a Memorial read of Relief Society &arah Tope and presented to her by the Society, for a keepsake, then there Were many presents made by diiler-esisters, after which Sister Teeples said she was very thankful for the kindness that the ttisters showed her and that she was always pleased to meet with the listers of Fish Haven ,11 felt weH wheu 8he was wth them and that this was a day that would long be remera- . , nt hpr fchft nlsn snoke unon many1 things she concerning the travels of this Church and to have never would pass hoped the Saints through what they had before. She asked God to bless the sisters with his" Spirit that they to the end. President might prove faithful to see Pope arose and said that she was pleased on this nearly all of the married sisters present Sister to our aged occassion.it showed due respect she said that Sister Teeples had passed through many trials thatwe knew nothing about, and if we lived faithful and true to our God, although we might never meet with her again in this probation, yet we should be sure to meet her again if we were faithful for she had proven herself faithful &c. Sister Sarah MacCann said that her experience in this Church had been very much like through many lister Teeples,and she had passedshe told Sister trials for the sake of the Gospel, so her strength Teeples that as her day was, should be &e. Counselor Frances Stock said she felt sorry tliat Sister Teeples was soon going to leave us and as this was her .birthday she had felt as though she would like to have a little surprise the days that together that we might remember we and we spent together might prove hoped ourselves faithful to the end. Counselor Frances Howell said she hoped Sister Teeples would see many more happy birthdays. The sisters sang the hymn "How Firm a Foundation 'ye Saints of the Lord" after which some other sisters spoke, hoping that Sister Teeples might le blessed in many ways. Sang the hymn entitled"Zion land: Come, Come ye Saints of (Jod No longer stay, Far from these wretched land?, R. n new-meetin- - labor for the welfare of Zion, Gardner. See'y. The members of jtiFJrst and Second Ward Primary-Associatio- The Paradise Relief Society held their annual meeting on Tuesday, June 1, 1880, in the house. Present on the stand: Bishop Orson Smith; H. C. Jackson, II. A. Shaw, counselors. After the usual opening exercises the report of the year was reau and accepted. H. C. Jackson spoke for a short time. His remarks were calculated to encourage us to be diligent and persevere in the good work in which we delight. H. A. Shaw made very interesting remarks, encouraged the sisters to bo. true and faithful one to another, and urged the necessity, of educating our children and to be careful and diligent in guiding our "sons and daughters into the best paths of life, for upon them must eventually rest all the resitonsibilities of an important era. Bishop Smith said he was pleased in hearing the reports read, and spoke of tlie great amount of good the sisters could and did accomplish in these Relief Societies; urged us to live up to our privileges and to do our duty with cheerfulness, and be punctual in attending our meetings and alive to our duties, and realize with the brethren, that we should be noble entered into to susin all the enterprises Zion. Sisters E. Shaw and tain and build up the truth of the Mary Price bore testimony--towork. The Spirit of the Lord was in our midst. We had an excellent time; many more of the sisters were desirous to speak, but time would not ier mi t. Pray ing God to bless all those who rs Haste, Haste away. Farewell my native land, From tlux; I roam; ion land, 'Aon land Thou art my liomc. a. Brother Erastus Snow said ho wished th e?0 ters to feel free, and speak as if they were at home, around their own firesides atvi be calm and let the Spirit of the Lord be with them to dictate them in all they said. The various societies of the Stake were verbally reported showing, the societies in good condition yet room for great improvement. Statistical and Financial reiort up to date May 31st., Was read as far as reported. Very respec tfully, Barbara Myers, President. Sarah P. Crosby Sec'y. Neph i held - th eir 4irs t anniversary in the meeting house at two o'clock V. M.r&i"turaay May 20th, 1880. Presentoirthc stand Patriarch, Jacob G. Bigler, Bishop John AndreWs,and Counselors. William Knigh r,8ister Amelia Goldsbrough and Counselors of the R. S. Stake organization, and also officers of the Primary Associations of each ward. After the usual Opening exercises Sister Sarah Ann Andrews President of the First--Waraddressed time and a short children the gave them a verbal ward. The of her report was then read report Sister Amelia C. Bigler of the by the Secretary; Second Ward made a few remarks and also gave a verbal report, the Secretary then read the rt after which there were songs, recitations, select readings, by the children dialogues, of both wards. Members enrolled in the First Ward 184 average attendance 110. Members enrolled in the Second Ward 120, average attendance 55. Financial' report of the First Ward donations received, $7.80 cts. Donated to Manti Temple $5.00; Expended for books and stationery $1.25; Remaining in the Treasury $1. 55. Financial report of the Second Ward. Donations received $:i.9i): paid out for Inwks and stationery $1.90; Remaining in Treasury $2.00. Singing by the children "In our lovely Deser-ret.- " Benediction by Patriarch Jucob. a. Mrs. Sarah Ann Andrews President of Bigler, the First Ward; Mrs. Hannah Grover; Miss Ann Midgley Counselors; Miss Alice Bigler, Secretary; Miss Isabella M. Ord, Treasurer. d, re-Io- Miss Lilzio Tolley, Sec'y The PangnitchlStako Relief held their First Stake Conference on the Society 3d, of May, 1830 m the Relief Society HaU; commencing at.lo o clock, A. M. Present on the stand, Pres. Barbara Myers and Counselors: Apostle Erastus Snow, rres. James Henrio and Counselors, Bish-mC. Dame, A. S. Church, Wm. King, Seth J, Johnson, and A. P. Schow and other brethren and.sisters, from all the wards of the "Stake. Alter the usual opening exercises; PrevMyers made some good remarks, exhorted the sisters to in theporformance of all jalthfulness and also desired that as manv as Could Mould take the Women's Exigent. 8' P Cro8bV er" made marks I remain your sister in the Gospel, Emma Shaw. Tjik Quarterly Conference of Relief Societies of Weber County was held in the OgdenTab-- , - ernacle, TlMirwIay June 47th, Mrs. Jaue& Richards presiding. On tlie tand were Apostle : C. Cr Rich ,' the presidency or the Webber Stake of Ziou; visitors,Sisters Eliza R. Snow Smith and E. B. Wei Is,-- from Salt Lake City, and President Sarah S. Richards, of Summit Stake. After the opening exerciser and reading of minutes, President I). H. Peery took occasion to express his fullest satisfaction with the report, which he declared to bo the best ever presented in this stake. He also spoke very 'highly of the Woman's Exponent,' counselling all the sisters to support this good family journal. Apostle C. C. Rich then took the stand. He spoke upon the subject of doing good, and said we never got all the good done that might be done. We all should feel honored and blessed by the opportunity adbrded to us of helping to build up ihe Kingdom of God.. We could do a great deal of good by governing with wisdom all our acts and words. We should earnestly study how to bring about the millennium. When no one did wrong, no wrong would be done. He himself was always improving, at least he hoped and tried to do so. It was the same with the sisters. Upon them was resting the responsibility of raising up tho children of Zion and teaching them the principles of the gospel. He was much pleased with the good work accomplished by the sisters: The more opposition we had, the more eager and vigilant we ought to be in withstanding the outward pressure, both spiritually and and terujioraJJy. Sister E. R. Snow next addressed the meeting. She said that if the sisters would lift their hearts in prayer to God she had no fear of saying anything that would be hurtful. We were too apt to get drowsy and should always be awake to the fulness ofour holy duties. She then took up the parable of the womau and the unjust judge, spoken of by Christ. After this she pointed out the necessity of administering to the sick iu the way pointed out by revelation, until they were restored to health and The mothers of Israel should realize this important fact. Something greatly heeded was a hymn book for tho young, and she was occupied in getting up ouo for this purpose. The books would be sold at 121 cents per copy, as she did all her own work free in the interest sold ot the kingdom. "Thus "the books could at cost. We should have projihets and project-esse-s among the young. The fear of infidelity was -- -- well-bein- 1 g. 