WOMAN'S EX PON were also flowers accompand These w e puuiiMi uu with some Jines wnicn tenas fd tlier are as sweet and as delicate the wild-woo- der flfAvers of which they speak. - Words are kind friends and or very poor to thank these their floral oflerings,to others, who have brought give us pleasure BOOK NOTES. a neat little book just from the press is by Mrs. Emily B. Spencer of St. George. It contains a variety of truths and sentiments tenderly told in the simple unaffected of a true, woman and a. saint. 'Many of 'Those and Poetry" cts. and contains pages price, The Primary Hymn Book is now in the hands of the publishers at the Deseret News Office,and is partly completed. The first 70 pages are already sterotyped and the work is progressing as fast as possible. The Book will contain 1 28 pages and will be neatly and strongly bound, in cloth with a leather back; to make it suffiiently strong for the children to handle without injury. This book has been edited and compiled by Eliza R. Snow Smith, President of the Letter- day Saint Women's Organizations, with great care and patience as well as an earnest love for all and any work in the interest of the children fipnwhom she considers her special charge. The first 70 pages are a oTdeelettidoftisymni,'from th e pert of 'Sister- - Eliza Jjerself anil -- ot.lierw home writers. A part of them have been selected by tho lady editor from writers of distinc. tion such as Watts, Heber. Dwight and others. The look will probably be finished about the 10th, of this month. Every child in the Territory should have a copy. It will be suitable for the use of Sunday Schools as well as Primary Associations. It is expected it can be afforded as low as eight copies for one dollar thus placing it within the reach of every one. "Spring Blossoms."- We are pleased to see this new book added to the catalogue of home literary productions. The authors of "Spring Blossoms," Leo Haefeli, a German Professor,and Mr. E. II. Anderson, are both connected with the office of the Junction, Ogden. This interesting little work contains 46 pages in prose and verse. The prose articles entitled "The Good, the True and the Beautiful," or the three ideals of education are really good, true and beautifnl, just as in the title, and are interspersed with choice selections from eminent authors. The young people should read these and seek to profit by the admirable lessons contained in them. "Family Joys and Griefs," by the same 50 88 - ex-fusse- author,speak to the heart. The poimis which aro by E. H. Anderson Eternity," "Love" and "Home," contain, good sentiment and bespeak poetical talent. There are also Historical essays by the same author very The book is suitable for the libraries of the Young Peoples' Associaor tions, the homes of the Saints. If we were permitted to suggest we would say it was in bad taste toadvertise in a book of poems We have before us Two Poems in pamphlet form. They are from the pen of Bishop O. F. Whitney. The first is entitled "The Women of the Everlasting Covenant," and is a delicate and well-writte- n. NT. affectionate tribute to woman, and more especially to the. women of th is Church who have endured much for their religion. 'The poem is rich . with pathos and glows with tender sympathy. It is somewhat historical in character, and exceedingly pure in tone. The stylo of verse and rhythm is pleasant and every lino is expressive. It is dedicated to his mother and to all mothers in Isreal whose lives show equal virtue and integrity, .... The poem contains many exquisitely beautiful . passages, of which we .will only quote one, "Of all the virtues that uniting framo, several branches in the county were read, which were very favorable. Pres. Horne made a few remarks relative to the necessity of having correct reports,and said she wanted the sisters to become businesswomen. Pres. E. R. Snow Smith referred to the good conference in Brigham City, where the young ladies had spoken upon practical principles and were putting them mto practice. Said the city council there had donated liberally of land for the purpose of raising mulberry trees to promote sericulture. Spoke of the calamities and judgments that were coming upon the earth and that Zion would be the place of safety. S. M. Kimball. p. m.: Meeting opened with singing and prayer by Mrs. E. Howard. After which several of the presidents of Relief Societies gave veibal reports. Mrs. E. B. Wells made a few remarks preceding the reading of an original poem by BishopOrFrWhitiKjy Everlasting Covenant." She'then introduced Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, who read this grand poem in a smooth, eloquent and effective manner. Pres. norne men pone oi a eorarauiee or iwo or uiree sisters being formed in each Relief Society to look after new comers. Joseph Smith had said the mission of the Relief Society was not only to look aftei the temporal wants of the poor, but , 2 The Laud of Shin ehah" is a descriptive and hsitorical poena. It contrasts dvlrtland of the present time with what it was more than forty years ago. It is perhaps richer in word painting and delineation than the other and contains more variety but does not speak as forcibly to the heart. It will be very interesting to all, who cherish a tender memory of the first gathe.ing place of the Saints. d of one fact in connection We are with both these poenis they are hire to live. The writer has talent which should be encouraged; and we hope he may le inspired to write much more of a historic character. well-assure- OBITUARY, heart disease. Hiq Potcr Lund, ago F,ft yrEt ii months and ? days. Deceased was born at Nexo, Bornholm, Denmark, lie was baptized September 17th, 1853, and ordained an Elder April 8, 1854, he labored asa missionary in North Sjelland until Nov. 18, June, 19th, 21 Truth." Benediction by Mrs. The Ioftr column reared to Duty's name Whose summit pencils on the glowing hky The deeds of those whose names refuse to die XYcx crowning all An- tmtmpU f duv.ke, Is woman's life of love S spirit them were written under trying cirdumstances, which others similarly situated will fully appreciate. Some are addressed to individuals and are of a character peculiar, to the circumstances and time. Among the best of the poems are "The True Christmas," "Song of the Creator," "Come" "Who Comes," "Evening." There are a few good prose articles interspersed. The book is suitable for the young people's library collections and will no doubt carry comfort and hope to many a lonely heart. It is for sale at this office E 18S0, of sutisfactiori"8 mission, whkhffice he filled to the of al concern ed un ti I January,"! 85$; wherr he was released to come to Zion. After his arrival he was ordained a Seventy in the 3d quorum in the winter of 1858, and at the April Conference of 18G0 he was called to fill a mission in Scandinavia, which he honored, laboring hi said mis1 sion for three years, He was an exemplary man in every respect and was truly loved by all his acquaintances; as a Saint he was wholly devoted to the cause, ever ready to answer every call. His all was world's truly on the altar;he was not rich in this in heaven goods, but he had laid up treasures which he will receive with increased interest. His funeral was largely attended and those who and of his spoke of his labors in his native home career while here, had only words of praise for the departed. Com. Died, at her residence in Manti, Sanpete Ellen County, Utah Territory, June 15th, 1880, WilSpencer,daughter of Thomas and Margaret born son, beloved wife of James C. Gaboon; in Liverpool, England, Octoler 20, IS 17; baptized when eight years old. Lived and died a faithful latter-da- y Saiut. She leaves a husband, five children and many kind friends. Cm.- to save souls. "Sister Eliza" explained this subject clearly and definitely and stated that there was a positive necessity for such committee and gave good instruction on the subject. She then asked the sisters to take shares in the Silk Association a useful to interest themselves in this si m.rJ a firm eaoilshed now was which upon iudustry, Biflbf' Johnson, of Pro vo, heartily endorsed what had been spoken and blessed tfie sisters in their labors; said he had realized the great help was to the Bishops in many the Relief r,Society : 4 l: la. uiy i,mess.tit respects. "& jlatu uisiuihs us wiui it Johnson. ing." Prayer by Bishop Saturday morning, June 19th. The middle seats of the Tabernacle were filled with' the children of the Primary Associations of the city. President E. R. Snow Smith presiding. Children sang: "Sweet is the work, my God. my prayer. ChilKing." Mrs. Zina D. Young offered O dren sang: "We thank thee, God, for a prophet." The first business transacted was to ap- . a c ttoiht . ... I r n. : Primary Associations or the halt laKe btaite or Zion. Mrs. Ellen C S. ClaAmir and sustained as President, Mrs. Camilla Cobb and Miss Annie Davisr as her Counselors. "Sister Eliza then nominated Mrs. Louie Felt aa General Superintendent, to preside over all the Primary Associations of all the Stakes of Zion, which was unanimously carried Mrs. Matilda M. Barratt and Mrs. Clara M. Cannon were sustained as her Counselors. "Sister EJiza" addressed the children for a few minutes and asked them some qvifestions, which were promptly answered. Mrs. Zina D. Young made a short ,truth-fulnes- s, speech uponobedience,reverenee, honesty chilto the etc., adapting her language dren's comprehension. The children sang by request, "O ray Father." "Sister Eliza" announced that President Taylor and President present, and asked the Angus M. Cannon were children who they would like to speak to them; Taylor. they answered, President John President Taylor said,"! am pleased to have an with the children. The opportunity of meeting ladies of the Relief Societies are doing a good work in teaching the children correct principle, . : . was-nominate- d and instructing them that they m&ygrow upf to bo honorable uumbers in the Church of Jesus the kingdom. I apChrist, and to te honors toladies who are trying preciate the efforts of the Lord;, to bring the children up in the fear of the Asgocia-tionPrimarv these of Presidents and the Children you ought to be obedient to. vour parenw uu uiviumh Ihem and for your presidents, that they may be imrW the inspiration of the Lord, and .uoa will bless you and give you blessings upon .blessings, sn K.iSM im 7.inn find t.hpSfi' sisters STB i i. you m purity and in the laws trying to instruct names may bo honored in and of God, that your honor your fathers careful through eternity; le is one oftothe ten commandThis and mothers. written here them having ments We purpose sometime-"Ho- nor thy father mthis'tabernacle, to say a want 'ete." I Now and tny mother, meethad You yen word to the Relief Society. as a number of you are here, ing veterdav, butwuru - -w.o. w w. I will pay a jew aid to can all they possibly duty for all to do s. ? LAKE STAKE BELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. the Rait Lake Tho Sifters' Conference ofSalt Lake Assem-bl- v held in the i 18 and 19. Hal F?Ula nd Saturday, June K ,Ttm;0, .onW readV f lng Minstrels SffiSKSof Vis devoted to Relief Society re-T- he lobelia Home Awake My Slumbering Pnver by Mr- -. Howard. Secretary, Mrs. E. E. S. Taylor. R the.Stake Reports from the . 