WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 183 aTm., three hours after giving birth to a ter, Loyina Esther Beai, wife of John A. Beal, and daughter of Freeborn and Anna Demlll. Deceased iras born May 13j 1843 in Nauvoo, Hancock Co., Ill , and was the mother of aeven of whom are left to mourn H. S. M. her lots. e!ev-en'childr- an, ; VE. 8. REPORTS. - . - -- A . t- - SALT LAKE STAKE. ! : prayer, let us sustain those who are over U8,and pray for them; let us have less pride Mrs. $1. R. Thomp. and vanity; son spoke upon benevolence and the plenty we enjoy, thought we should do everything that would tend to make happy the sick and needy. Made excellent remarks upon the "Word of Wisdom," said we should try to observe it that we may receive : the promises. Mrs. P, Woodruff: said on one main point we are united, that is that God speaksfrom the heavens to us. Let us do tp others as we would have others do to us; our dead are watching us to see if we are faithful, they are anxious we should do' for them what they cannot do for themselves: and let us be faithful and true to the priesthood: and bo of that number that will be blessed by entering into our Temples and doing the work for our progenitors. Mrs E- Webb; said she felt the great necessity of our being united; our labors are to be exteuded in alj directions, let us prepare ourselves for the great work, we are called to do. Mrs. M. Wilcox; said we have the priesthood in our midst and in proportion to the strength given by that power through the servants of God, the adversary will do his utmost to thwart the good. MrF. A. Neal said she knew tho Lord loved his daughters as well as he did his sons, and we should attain to the same glory; thought we should look well after our young pepple and keep them from all outside society if possible; said many mothers are remiss in sending the children to the little meetings where they are taught "the ways of the Lord; made other good remarks on the subject of woman. Pros. Home; said a few words and to the sisters to read the 9th Chapter of Daniel; "Singing. Meeting adjourned to 10 A. M. March 20. Benediction. Mrs. Ranhel Xt. Grant. Statistical and Financial reports of the -Relief Societies Salt Lake Stake for the Quarter ending March 15, 1880. Statistical: teachers, 545; members 2188; meetings held 183; average attendance (598; Woman's Exponent, taken 403. Financial: On hand at date of last report cash, $505,45; property $949,06: receipts during the quarter cash $510,44 property f '' The Quarterly Conference of Relief Societies, Young Ladles' and 'Primary Asso-- ; ciations was held in the Fourteenth Ward -- 1 Assembly Uooms, March 19 and 20, 1880. Reports received ior me quarter enuing March 15. Meeting commenced at ten o'clock A. M., Friday, March 10. On the stand were President of R. S. Stake, M. I. Home, and her counselors. Elmina 8. Tay- lor and Sarepta M. Hey wood, president Y. 3lu jj, I. A., Mary A. Freeze, JMrs, Sarah M. Kimball, Mrs. M. P. J Young, and Secretary XV. D. DlttK.O, liUYvaiUi Djruvpoio ui proceedings, speeches, etc.:1 : f ' - : The meeting opened by singing. Prayer by Mrs. Rebecca; Jones. ; Singing. Secre tary read minutes of last Conference and reports from the branch Relief Societies. Pres. Home made some remarks upon vocal music; also urged the sisters to be punctual' in sending in reports, and to pay attention to filling up the blanks properly, and learn to bo business womea Earnestly requested ma l vtu;u want iu iuo oin&c? uo icpcocuicu verbally by. Its president or her counselors, and invited all the presidents who were present to come and take, seats on the platMade ..other appropriate remarks, form. nftnr Tphloh the "Dnxolnfnr was Biino'. and meeting adjourned, until 2 P. M. Prayer by Mrs. M. P. Young. Afternoon. Rp.Kslon Meetine? ooened with singing and prayer. Pres. Home addressed . the slaters on the subjects of unit v. fki th and theesponsiwaties ot parents, ana particularly mothers. Mrs. Miller, Pres. R S. Twentieth Ward, referred to the large number 'of poor and aged the had to attend to In that ward, and eulogized their late presi- dent, Mrs. Anna Savage. Mrs. E. 8. Taylor spoke of having recently attended the Sis ters Conference of Tooele Stake; said there were' many brethren present, which was a great help to the sisters in their endeavors to do 'good. Spoke upon unity and obedience, and the deference which all should show to the Priesthood, even the humblest -- ? , sug--gest- $478,39. wood said she felt much of the stupendous work" that devolves upon the women of this Territory. We must work together with the brethren our interest cannot be divided. A coodlv.' number of ns' snent; tho fitrnno-tf of our young days in coming here to build this. Territory but let us try to' still live to be useful ' and help to roll on this work, , r ; bushels. h , . , Mrs PeartFarmers Ward represented that Society as in good .condition. This report does not include the 4th,llth, and 12th, Wards Salt Lake City nor Mill Creek, 'East Mill Creek, South Cottonwood, West Jordan, nor Mountain Deli Societies. These wards were not reported except South Cottonwood which did not arrive in time. Officers of Stake Organization of Relief Society Salt LakeCo.Mrs. M. Isabella Home, Pres. Elmina S. Taylor, and Sarepta M. Hey wood, Counselors. Elizabeth Howard. Secretary. Maria R. Wilcox, Cor., See. Bathsheba W. Smith, Treasurer. " m : . Disbursements: To the needy cash $309, 85; property $380, 59; temple cash $70,05; property $380,59; temple cash 70,05; property $15, 45; home Industries cash $56,09; books cash 14, 49; building,property 227,30; Indians, merchandise $140,32; on hand cash $34420; property $4,891,08; wheat 3,631 ; . Mrs Fielding 5th Ward S. L. City first Counselor to Mrs. Briinloy spoke encouragingly of that Society. Mrs. P. Kimball: I fear wo ; do not realize the megnltudo of tho work we are engaged in; jvo aro hero to magnify our position before God and to prenaro dur- selvea for every responsibility abd duty in lire. Let us teach our children to have faith that we may be able to save them from. sickness and death. It is a credit to ward to take care of the poor; a little any thing .that will cheer and comfort is a blessing, p like this world, God made it I like my ! ;uiue,.8isiers-iet'ra- homes be houses of! Report of Primary Association of Spring City Sanpete Co. Apr. 1, 1880. Organized June 29th, 1879, by Sister M. A. P.Hyde and Counselors; Sister Ellis was chosen as President; Sisters Hitchcock and Larson Counselors; Mary 0.'Allred Secretary ;tWm. Barny Assistant; Flora G. Hyde Treasurer. Have held 30 meetings; 160, ..members enrolled; average attendance 70; given to ed Temple $2,80cts; on hand 85 cts. ; 4 bushels of wheat gleaned 9 lbs. of beans donated. Mary O. Allked Secretary. The Primary Association of American Fork was organized October 23, 1878; Sister Ann Rowley was appointed President, ?, Sisters Mary A. Evans and Mary Mbtt counselors. We meet every Saturday after, 1 noon, at 3 o'clock; The members in at" tendance, average from 75 to 100,1 '! The children have pieced blocks, for a very nice quilt, and we have given' it as a donation for theTemple prized at $6,00. January 17th, 1880, we had our1 first An. niversary. Exercises cotfsisted of Recitations and Singing; The Articles of Faith, Restoration of the Gospel, etc. Lthink the children are Improving fast, for they Ttake a great interest in their meetings. $3,15 worth if prizes: were distributed among the children. . These "Primary Associations"1 through the blessing of "Our Heavenly Father,will prove a great benefit; for their young minds ard as blank paper, ready-- to bo written upon: and those principles that are planted on their young minds, are not so easily erased for while young they, areas clay, in the hands of the potter ready to be molded.to love and to do the will of God. Hoping the Primary, and all other Associations throughout the county will continue to improve, is my earnest prayer. Ann Rowley Pres. Mary Ellen Shelley!.'Assist. Sec'y. 14 years old. , : . A few items from the Y. L. M. I. A', of Sprlngvile. The Society numbers 80 members. A marked improvement is noticeable in our meetings, and the desire to learn the principles of the Gospel, and the duties and privileges , of the gentler sex is demonstrated by the interest manifested by many of ur sistera both youngjand old. We hold weekly meetings of the Society also monthly conjoint meetings with the Y. M. M. 1. A., all of which are spoken highly of, and the spirit prevailing at the same is commended by the authorities of the ward. At our annual meeting which was held March 15th the officers of the society1 were by a unanimous vote; and the entertainment given on that occasion will long be remembered by those who were present, to the number of 4 or 500 persons. The society have a library of 47 volumes. We also havo some wheat and .other property on hand.. We have paid $25,00 this winter towards land upon which to raiso mulberry trees for the production of silk. The desire of the society .is. to be useful in instructing thecwomen of our communtiy in all good works, and to assist pur? brethren who bear the holy Priesthood in preparing the Saints for the advent :,pt. our 'Lord and Savior Jesud Christ I subscribe myself your sister in the covenant of peace, re-elect- ed Clara Qnow, Cor. Scc'y. Springv'ille, Apr. 18, 1880. Tho Relief Society of qarkstbn held thoir annual meeting on Thursday the l5th, of April our worthy Bishop John Jardine and a few of the brethren .met with us; also Bro. Wm. Griffin .Counselor to Bishop Rlgby of Newton and some of the leading sibters of that place attended The meeting was addressed by the following named sisters and brethren. ',Pres Mary Griffin, her two Couaseiors, Ann Keep tnd Sarah Carbine; Marinda Jardine Pres 