. W OM A N '.S EX 34 i . ' . . . i POKE NT. ; rinetvl nnd the Church with dime earth. authority, were restored from heaven to Men, inAngels were the first missionaries. to our spired from on high, carried the message own nation. The Saints in, 1831, by. divine and command, began to gather, first to Ohio, Missouri.--Persecutethen to the western boundaries of robbed and murdered, they fled to Illinois, and built the city of Nauvoo. In 1846 they were driven by armed mobs, and compelled to flee west of the Rocky Mountains, and sought refuge in the great American desert, then a Mexican province." TT,0 had been a revolutionary soldier; and when arid childquite young, she listened with intense adventurous narish eagerness to his thrilling, ratives of the war with the British. She has written many patriotic and national poems, , Anthems and Choruses. and in both poetry, she prase Inlier writings manifests a striking versatility of genius and a the various cirhappy faculty of adaptation to cumstances and conditions of human life at times participating in the deepest sentiments of sorrow and also with sublime ideality feasting upon the perfection of enjoyment. Two volumes of her "Religious, Historical, he First Political,"poems have been published-tm Second in Liverpool, England, in 1856, the Salt Lake City by the Deseret News Office, which has just issued her Hymn Book for the Primary Associations, which contains 20 hymns from her pen, the others she has carefuly comown piled from various authors,many from our poets the remainder from foreign publications. St?rotyied 1st. 7000 Edition. Her ioems are true to life. Those in her published volumes addressed to pioneers ands those written during the drivings and journey-ingof the Saints from place to place are some very pathetic; they come vividly home to the hearts of the L. D. Saints. Two of this class Vol. 1, written after we left Nauvoo in the bleak win,. seon, entitled "Camp of Israel" describe minutely the wmlition of the Pilgrim Saints. We should never let ou r hihl ren forget them. Poems like these make deeper ml more lasting impressions upon the memory than whole volumes of history. p J To be Continued, , SPREAD O IN TABERNACLE.- - tions: CHRONOLOGICAL STATISTICS. "In the Spring of 1820 the Father and Son him. In fulfillment of th promise, on the morning of the 22d of September, 1827, an holy angel permitted this youth to take from tne hill in the township alluded to, ancient records, which, by the command of God, he Cu-mora- h, translated through the aid of a sacred ment, anciently called the "Urim and Thum- mim." In 1829, these metallic plates and sa- cred things wereH shown to three witnesses by an angel from heaven, and confirmed to many others who saw the plates. Five thousand copies of this inspired translation were printed and bound early in the year 1830. On the 15th of May, 1829, John, the forerunner of Christ, appeared in glory to Joseph Smith, Jr., and Oliver Cowdery, and laying his hands 'upon' .their heads, ordained them to the Aaronic priesthood, with authority to baptize for the remission, or sins. And in the same year three, of the ancient Apostles, Peter, James aud John ordained Joseph Smith, Jr., and Oliver Cowdery jo the apos-fchiwith power to confirm by the Iayuig on of the Uands, for the reception of the Holy and-handle- d . p, . . ; Ghost. On the; 6th of April,' 1830; the Prophet Joseph Smith being commanded of God, organ-- , .Ucd the Church of Oirist, consistijig ot sijc members. This infinitely important' event took place in Fayette, Seneca County, State of New ,. ." ". '" OF TIIK GOSPEL. pre-curs- France, Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland,, Italy and Switzerland, Jersey Islands, Sandwich Islands, Germany, Malta, Cape of Good Hope and Holland. Each of these nations were represented by a man and woman in the costume of their respective country, with a shield containing the national colors. When Elder Pratt had finished speaking, the nationalities arose and stepped forward in a line, facing the congregation, with their banin number. ners displayed, twenty-fiv- e r President Taylor, rising lehind them, made the following remarks: "I wish to state to the congregation that the Lord commanded his servants to go forth to all the wmia w pjroaoh tbe Gospel to every creature. We have not yet been to all the nations repreworld, but here are twenty-fiv- e sented y and thus7 far we have, fulfilled mission our anduit is.for us to continue our labors until all the world shall hear lis, that all who are desirous may obey, and we fulfill the mission given us." The nationalities then resumed their seats, and the choir rendered the grand and beautiful " anthem, "Glory to God in the highest." Col. David McKenzie then took the stand and rtad, in a very effective manner, a poem, composed for the occasion by O. F. Whitney. silver-haire- d vt baek o ver the vista., of fifty years, ?tto Iwd oge of time" has struck with telling' force; "the chimes of the first half century since the Church of Jesus Christ was organize i on the earth in this dispensation. Years flill of startling episodes, of thrilling tragedies records of good and evil,misery and happiness,and though man v have peacefully fallen asleep,' and thousands have died by the wayside.and though we have mourned a martyred prophet and partri-arcy with the living oryet we rejoice acles of the Holy Priesthood; and when welook abroad upon our, fair and happy homes, our verdant, smiling valleys, and realize the peace, plenty and prosperity that surrounds us in thU our holy year of Jublee, we the women of Israel, desire to consecrate ourselves anew to the work of the Lord, and mingle our voices with in one hurst of those assembled here glorious melody, with loud hosannas, that 'the ensign upon the mountains has been lifted to the nations, and that for fifty years the mothers of Israel,with the sons of God as have borne the burden, and heat of the day, passed through trying ordeals, proven their integrity before Heaven, and propose in the future, as in the past, to keep the commandments of God, that we may obtain a fulness of celestial glory, and be crowned with eternal . appeared in vision to Joseph Smith, Jr., in the town of Manchester, Ontario County, New York. Joseph was a youth of the age of fourteen, and in this vision received a promise that, if faithful, further light should be revealed to I d, to-da- Elder Orson Pratt delivered the following speech concerning the Restoration of the Everlasting Gospel and its progress among the na- Kt preserved throughout our journeyings, hoisteu and waving to the. breeze of the Kocky Mountains. It was hailed us an emblem of jeace and liberty for which we had left the lands of our birth. In the past we have emulated the heroic example of the noble Pilgrim mothers, who, for the sake of worshipping God according to the dictates of conscience in company of the Pilgrim Fathers, dared the perils of the briny deep, and in a desolate country assisted in planting a colony, designated by the Almighty as a to the founding of a government under which his kingdom fwas to be established. What would the Pilgrim Fathers have done without the Pilgrim Mothers? And now, when through the overruling and protecting care of God.we are no longer chased and driven, we, the women of Utah, in organized capacities, as efficient helps to the .priesthood, are exercising all the talents and influence with which God has endowed us, to bless, comfort and sustain the needy, and purify aud . elevate society. With feelings of gratitude and tendern'e, mingled with holy reverence, we, as mothers, wives, sisters and daughters, greet you, hail you Pioneers with honor, brave-hearte- d Zion's of veterans camp, and heroic volunteers of the Mormon Battalion! And while we give honor to the living, our 'hearts instinctively go out in affectionate and honorable remembrance to the absent, whose faces we do not behold, but whose lives were so closely interwoven with those who are before us. "We name no names," but offer a silent tribute to the sacred memory of the honored dead. Elder Pratt then gave the data of the introduction of the Gospel among the American Indians and into the Dominion of Canada, the Kingdom of Great Britain, including England, Scotland, Ireland, Wales, and the Isle of Man, also Orson Hyde's pilgrimage to Jerusalem, and afterwards followed the countries of Australia, the East Indies, South Sea Islands, NOTES AND PAK AGRA PILS. t ni.oi3 him Ktuj sms nimm ln i iiAi bosoms of those who came here in '47 the same thrill that vibrated through our verv natures, when we saw the dear old flag, the pride of our youth, which had been sacredly y,a h, SENTIMENT FROM TIIE WOMEN OF UTAH. to-da- Brethren and Sifters Ladies and Gentlemen: As representatives of the Latter-da- y Saint women of Utah, we feel highly honored. The celebration of this day of days, marks two most important events the entrance of the noble and valiant pioneers into these happy the Latter-da- y Saints year of Jubilee it resurrects the past, prophetiHistorically it cally up the future. ' In theopen various phases of life through which this people have struggled, up to the present, which have been figuratively portrayed, those whom we are proud to represent, were not spectators: although not: the foremost,they were prominent actors and participators in those g g and scenes, and not their faith and onljr by prayers, their labor and fortitude,. did they, assist in sustaining the servants of God,under most painful circumstances, but in many instances, actually performed laborious duties assigned to men. For instance, after the exmilsion nf th ;when 500 able bodied-nie- n were called out of our journeying camps, to cross the American desert, to assist by force, of arms in adjusting difficulties, with Mexico,' by . which this" very land was , ceded to the United States, women were under the necessity of driving teams across the plains, besids watching over' their ' little ones,m'd preparing the frugal' meals upon which they subsisted. We iiave. ever, been one ' with our 'brethren. '; val-leys,a- nd to-da- y, rs, to-d- ay soul-stirrin- heart-rendin- , lives. TRIED AS BY. FIRE In the last issue of our .valuable Til -- rvr T nnfino1 an arinla woman'9 haaAoA "Spfk & read it I should like to add my testimony to ; the truth therein containednd to strive to impress upon the minds of my young sisters the necessity ?f ewftrd" And T Sthniifrht' perseverance and faithfulness whn T if they would the priic, In early life I was taught if I recieved a 7 wm , re- ward T must work for it, and to day when mj 1 