150 Reconsidering the subject we come to he conclusion that earthly happiness is only momentary like gleams or flashes of sunlight, and some people living in dark places, shut but perhaps unconsciously the radiance of the sunshine, which is agret purifier and invigoiat or, and should penetrate the most remote of one's habitation. 8? also is it wise to economize such rays of happiness as come within one's grasp and though they are not exactly tangible yet the spiritual intense can v comprehend the method of radiation and thus cast a halo of happiness that will intensely beautify the inner and even the outer darkness enshrouds the mind, Hope the sweet angel will if invited enter most fearlessly the darkest caverns of the soul if only one little ray of divine light sbos her the footprints of her Sister Faith, even through a narrow winding pathway, and pointing with the finger of Inherent inspiration to the future, lift one unconsciously above the petty scenes and trials of Since mortals cannot control beyond them, selves to insure happiness, then in what does it consist, or what is understood as the fullest happiness? The fulfillment of duty It Is often said, but people query and hesitate in regard to life's highest duty. Happiness must emanate, from the heart, all outward things are but its appendages, they cannot create it unless the germ is firmly rooted within, thoughthey may minister to it and promote its growth strength and durability. The pursuit of happiness then should be the calling into complete exercise and having under control of a superior will, all the most exalted faculties of the human soul. Looking at it in this light, the highest cultivation and exercise, ot the inner graces, meekness, patience, gentleness, kindness, goodness, faith, cheerfulness, temperance, hope, joy, peace, contentment, charity and love, with an unwavering trust in God would produce that happiness which would lift one above all the ills of life, whitever the nature of their surroundings might be,into an exalted atmostphere of purity approaching that perfect state which is designated at Paradise. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. E2UHXIJYE B. WEX.L8, Pabllshed Bcml-montM- y, ... . JEdltor. In Salt Lake City, Utah. copy one year, $2.00; one copy ilx months, Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising 1.00 Titcs: Each sqnare, ten lines of nonpareil space, one discount to time, $2.00; per month, 3.00. A lit-eradTcrtlsers. . regular Exponent Office, Lower "Weet Boom of the Council Business hours House, South Temple Sheet, 'from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Womah'b Exponent, Salt Lake City, Utah. TerniB: One SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH re-cers- life-Wh- 15, 18S0. WHAT IS HAPPINESS? to-da- y - nUy dependent friends even upon-olhe- Sisters E. R. Snow, Z. D. Young and E S. Taylor went by itvitation to attend the Relief Society Conference of Tootle Stake held Saturday aud Sunday the 13th, and 14th, inst. " The Sisters Quarterly Conference of Weber Stake will be held in the Tabernacle in Ogden City on Thursday and Friday the 19 and 20th, insts. Mrs. E Taylor of this city attended the Joint Conference of the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A., of Davis Co. on Sunday Ftb. 9, and addressed the meeting. We have reclved by courtesy of Mrs. Spencer of Washington, in pamphlet form, the Arguments in behalf of the 16th, Amendment of the ladies before the Judiciary Committee of the House of Represent! lives Jan. 24, 18S0. TriE performance of the ''Sorcerer" by Zton's Musical Society in tbeTheatre recently is said to have been very creditable indeed. As we ess, g teveise, g, HOME AFFAIRS. r. un-happln- COMMENTS. ble Referring to the organizations of womeus Societies In this Church, the National Citizen and Ballot Box, Syracuse, N. Y. says, alluding to oor letter to the convention: "The fact of a complete organisation of woman's societies throughout Utah and extending into neighboring Territories and States, and the fact that the women of these societies study the Constitution and the principles of government, should be especially noted in the ollowing letter." "When Utah is admitted as a State, she will possess a large number of woman educated in political principles. Let Utah come in as a State, and woman suffrage will take a new status in Congress aud before the country. It is our duty to work against the proposed disfranchisement of the .women of Utah, By an unlooked for combination of circumstances the political rights of the women of the United States are indlesolubly connected with the political rights of the women of Utah. To disfranchise them is to stab us. We can verily remember them as. in bonds with them, for when their right of suffrage is attacked our are doubly ignored. rights of What imperils them doubly imperils us. Their religion is no part or parcel of our women. We are not battling for religions rights, but for political rights, and if for a ay cuse woman's political lights in any part of" the country are endangered, the recognition of our own freedom is thereby also imperilled and, hindered, Freedom is one and the same the world over.Irrespective of religious beliefs." tself-governm- eut THE DIGNITY OF Relatiaes and neighbors are more or jess involved; therefore we are all interdependent, our happiness is so closely in. terwoven with that of others that unles3 we are charly selfish, we cannot declare ourselves wholly happy in the panlons.aud imrm diate family are all to be considered and selfsonly one of the simple factors in the sum total, which multiplied by all these different needs and sources .f happiness or the swelling keep on increa-lnnumbers of elements Ut happiness or the t - y. long-suflerin- office. en ilk-Jimita- The pursuit of true happiness seems to fee the rnest universal occupation i mankind, underlying every other. In all countries, amomr all classes, whether rich or poor, high or low, young or old, the same objtct is sought to be obtained, but by various methods, namely to be happy. Great blunders are made and important items overlooked in striving to secure the eflectlve elements to produce the happiness that will JnsomedegreeHattsfy the human heart Men and women reach out and grasp with avidity some glittering bauble believing its possession will bricg the partial happiness, which is all they dare hope for, and disappointment points the sting and tbey turn again and wonder-whthry are not happy ,and how others succeeded where they signally failed. In their earnestness to.flnd the true method of being happy they take no note of failures, but still go oo, searching for the true alchemy which is to turn all it touches into gold, or tinge with, "coleur de rose" all the common place surroundings of life. There is no royal road to fame is an old adage which will apply with equal force to happiness, so each one marks out his own individual path, or follows In the beaten track where some whom fortune seemed to smile upon have perchanc9 succeeded in winning a 'few fair flowers or gems of value, seemingly true requisites if happiness. But too capacity for enjoyment differs so much in different individuals, and at the several periods of lif,tbat there can he no specific rules laid down; and the differ ent organizations and tempera ments as well as the peculiarity, thoroughness and extent of one's education creates distinctions that entirely overthrow any general theory for happiness. Therefore no one person can really define another's happiness, or mark out any particular designation to pursue; but much Very much, depends neceiSirily upon circumstances and disposition. The greatest of all hindrances to happiness it eeeois to us lies in the fact that one cannot enjoy isolated happiness. It must be shared arid-iscongeque- ses The Sisters Quarterly Conference of this Stake of Zlon will convene in the 14th, Ward Assembly Rooms on Friday and Saturday the 19 and 20th, Jnsts. at 10 o'clock A. M. The first day will be devoted to the Relief Society, Saturday morning to Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Associations and the afternoon to the Primary Associations. The secretaries of these various organizations will please send reports as early as posible directed to this I did not witness the performance on either occasion we cannot criticUe but think it wise and proper to give due credit to home talent. The youpg people of this Church should excel in music which is one of the chief elements of a higher life. SELF-CONTR- OL. Among the many endowments and qualities regarded as traits of character, not one is moie estimable or more to be desired than the power to govern one's self under all circumstances A person may be brilliant and gifted in many ways, yet wanting in this characteristic to auy great degree,Is always in danger of being made to appear very suiall and insignificant by the loss of temper In trivial affairs. While others, far less talented, often seem greatly superior to such a one, through simply possessing the power of sblf-contr-yl. Happily, this virtue, like all others, if. not acaltogether natural to an individual, may be quired by careful cultivation. And the earlier it is implanted in the heart of youth, the easier will be the process of culture, and the. more satisfactory the results which folio v. This is a subject upon which the parent of young children cannot bestow too much attention and care. Every tiue pirent hs a desire to see. its offspring grow and develop into something truly good, noble and beautiful. Among the Latter-day- faints', whether elsewhere In the world or not, tbis desire is, I be' lieve, paramount to all others. But let us remember here, that- in general IcstancesUhough there may be rare arid strange exceptions, Like produces like." Why then ': 1 ' - ' 