WOMAN'S. EXPO TO ONE ' I LOVE. ' hold the aitentiorif'fifid interest a whole company for any considerable length, of Of light and 1oy and melody; What can I oTer love to the? v What can I plead thy life to bold But fair success and honors told? 'Tia true I only breathe one prayer God's love go with thee every where, Jlii guidance and his tenderest care. only inon-thaby thy side, My life for me is glorified, And heavenly peace 1$ flowing wide-Fo- r t all the kiudnes, thou bast shown For every tender word a ud ftone More precious than before I've known. I (hank thee even in ner name, Who now beneath the snow is lain, Unmoved by sunshine or by rain. O'er whoso sweet rest the breezes blow, O'er whoso unbroken slumbers low, Our tears unheeded still must flow. When other arms than mine shall fold Xbee tenderly, In sheltering boid. More EtroDg, and true and self controlled. Rememb;.r then dear, how my prayer, My tenderest tbonjrhts, myweetestcare, Go with thee, dearest, every where. Thou art the rest, the languor sweet, Thou my dcelre, thou my retreat, I consecrate my heart to thee. I hopo tbou'lt in eternity Come In to me and abut the door, km fast that none can enter more Fill all my soul with sweet diigbt My thoughts are with thee, day aud night. So Salt Lake City, Jan. 22,1580. 'If t3tt&tr - 0 S. Tv , - CONVERSATION. BY HANNAH T. KING. time. We can do "nothing well unless wo mako a business of it, and conversation is certainly, important and beneficial enough to bo made something of a study; that wo may do good by such an accomplishment, for such it certainly is when excelled in. But to be a pleasing speaker, many little attributes and attractions must be brought into action. I would name first the voice. Some Voices alone charm and magnetize, and others repel and disenchant, even though pearls might fall through them. The better a person speaks the more aaxious every ono is to ; hear them; and yet how often is it that we bend our ear and bring every faculty to a focus, and quarter them on tho mechanism of that organ till our head aches, and after all it is only by tho keenness of our comprehension that wo can catch a word here and a aentence there that we can string the orient pearls that fall through the lipsof the speaker. This more especially refers to public speakers; but is often experienced in a room also. When a music master gives a singing lesson to a young pupil, the first injunciion is "open your mouth;" and this applies equally to speaking. yIt id not sufficient the lips should open, but the teeth also; the voice should emerga;Jmm:thua. chest and mouth, never, otjr never through the nose! A nasal enunciation is fearful to a iim-ieducated ear, and is never heard in highly educated people. The gestures should also be attended to; somo are very pleading, others offensive- - A highly imaginative, animated person can scarcely help some gesture; there ought not to be too much, but some are very attractive, and have a language in themselves that need no oral demonstration. frra expression of the face in somo people while speaking is very attractive, in others the reverse. Some may think all these trifles, but true it is that "Trifles makd the sum of human things." Demosthenes,. that Prince of Orators, thought noting a trifle, or too small to educate hk voice, which in youth was very defective and objection able He put himself through a of training he that might, acquire the hight and depth and volume of voice hat should hereafter make him tho orator that should astound and rivet the world! In conversation the voice needs training, not for power, but for attraction, for winning, for clearness and efficiency, Have we not all heard a voice, or voices, which no time can make us forget? And the manners atid the gestures accompanying that voice? Yea, verily we can shut our eyes and listen, and though years may have passed away, times and seasons and situations and associations may have changed, yet hush! we hear it ringing through the chambers of the mind, the soul, the heart and brain, and all respond and give back tho voieo of other days,, in all iU force and in all its magical whisperings! Conversation! Yes, all this is connected with that sweet interchange of thought, of experience, of biographical depiction, that some can give eo thrillingly,so delightfully, so winningly. that it remains with us like the music of the eea shell, ever breathing of the ocean "to the river of our What a mighty gift is the gift thoughts' of speech! How . sacred we ought to hold it! And oh, ; what waste, what reekies, noisy, taifc our days witness. 'Well and trifling V wisely y Conversation is a source of much happiness, and a powerful engine for instruction T EN T. may be heard; and, indeed; it is but rarely we meet a person so gifted that they can "CPublishidbr request.) For all tvat thou bast fyeea to me, I N and general information; it might be the opposite, but we will not take that view of tho matter, it is always more pleasing to contemplate the good. It is not the mere act of talking, neither is it the greatest talkers, who are the most conversational. 1 think when wo meet in our pocial parties, each one should endeavor to add their to the entertainment of that party forquota the time being; some persons are very lively and witty, and this exercised with kindness and prudence, so as not to hurt any one'a feelings, is very agreeable, and gives life to a party. It is said that wit is a dangerous gift, but if the heart is right and the head clear and strong and well informed, no matter how keen and scintillating the shafts are they will not wound, though it is true "That many a shaft at random sent. Finds mark the archer never ineaut ." But every one will at once see the spirit of the speaker, and will parry the shaft, should one upbraid them, without it hurting in the least. There is also a time to speak and a time to bo silent; good listeners are as efficient and quite as desirable as quite good is it that should 8peakers,and necessary they be quite as intelligent as tho speaker. If there is no faculty among the audience to receive the impressions of the speaker, it will be like watering the desert with a wat! I firmly believe that an iutelli. ering-pot gent company brings forth the intelligent speakers; inspiration is felt, and ignites inspiration. We aru surrounded by silent forces; in small or in large companies they are there, as also in the wide expanse by which wo aie enveloped. Often a word dropped,or a remark made, will give inspiration to all present, aud fertilize the mental organism for the rest of tho assemblage. There is an art in conversation, and good manners also. The most fluent, orr even gifted speaker should not monopolize tho conversation, ut become silent, that othen rigid-cour.s- e 147 may we daily, hourly pray, "Set a watch upon my mouth, and kesp the door of my lips, that I incline not to evil." And yet how venial this may appear beside the awfully profane, the bold, daring, reckless, dreadful language of so large a portiorrof the human family. Well may .it bo said that "God is love," but equally true it is that His is no puerile, mistaken, misjudg. ing, unjust love; but His attributes of justice and judgment have also to be satisfied. But let us never forget that mercy also is there, holding her palm branch of peace and mediation! And all, all will be. needed for a fallen, sinful, wicked, daring world. But I have gone rather farther than I set out for; well, "it is written," and I will not erase it I am not writing for effect, but for truth in all things great and small. If I have permission I will perhaps continue this subject at a future, time, for though it may be considered a small subject, I do not look at it in that light, nor will any ono when they have given it a little serious consideration. Even the salutation of a friend in passing, may bo so unique, so refreshing, may strike a chord of tho soup that hai long lain silent, that years may pass, times may change, but that salutation' that manner,wlth Its genial influenco and the effect it had upon us is still remembered, and still makes a green spot in memory. There are never-tboforgotten tonea some sweet as the whisperings of love, others o "cruel as tho grave." In the few hints I havo thrown out I would wish tq be understood as simply to do good,, to make society agreeable, and at tho same time edifying, making conversation a medium for conferring happiness and ieai enjoyment,.and a delightful interchange of thought and experience. do-siri- ng For want of facility in speaking appropri. ately how many good ideas and much good feeling aro i03t to our surroundings, and lies bnried in tho bosom where itoriginat-e- d, and where it is often a bnrderi,1 from the very consciousnes of inability to make it felt or understood. You, my sisters, that feel this, throw off this incubus, open your mouth, and words of truth will come and edify even yourself. nut CZ"1 f Ci The Woman's Suffrage Journal, Man-Cheste- r. The English Woman's RovewJ London. Tho National Citizen, Syracuse, New York, The Woman's Journal Boston, in fact all the woman's papers recently havo been doubly interesting on acconnt of the great and intelligent public work that is being done by woman, to benefit society. Large meetings and Conventions are being held in various parts of England, and speeches made that are bound to educate and convert the people to a new phase of practical effort to lift humanity to a higher standard of excellence. ' k EaRly Mahf.iages Of course young people ought to marry early, and build up a home together. The idea that a man must bo wealthy before he weds fill tho community with fortune seeking bachelors and unhappy spinsters; it endanger? virtue, destroys true economy and design, and tho beneficent intentions of tho home.' If promotes vice, idleness, inefficiency ami imbecility amongst females, who seem from an unsympathetic outset henceforward to expect to bo taken up by fortune and passively sustained, and without any concern on their part. It is thus that a man finds it difficult to obtain a helpmeet. , 