WO MAN.' 8 EX THE BEAUTIES OF NATURE. BY EMILY E. 8TEVENSON. We will view the bright beauties of Springtime, Although 'tla d wintry day; We will not look back to the past timet Bnt to the future of beau tl Jul May. Sweet emblems of innooent childhood Are the bright Bunny flowers of Mayt When tbeir buds burst forth into blossom i And all nature around Is so gay. On tie brews the beautiful flowers Are waftlog: their sweetest perfume. And sipping; the dewdrops and showers , They welcome the morning of June. So on through the days of a lifetime To honor and righteousness cleare, And never give up or grow weary Until we have gatherel the sheaves. Theq.cometh the ago of our winter. When the beauties of youth fade away; Still it seems grand and majestic, As all things pass on to decay. Then may we look forth to the future, As time daily passeth away, To the time when the heavens will open And greet us with beautiful May. SAILING. OVER THE SEAS. tale" is that of leaving What an one's native shore, and sailing away to forAnd yet, the surging crowd, eign clirnes! the waving 'kerchiefs and eyes, give always a thrill of excitement. The "Zealandia" moved out at noon on tho "oft-tol- d tear-dimme- d 17th of July, '79, from San Francisco, and taking her courae Southwest, arrived at the Hawaiian Islands July 14, '79. The passage was marked by the same old events that occur on every trip of the kind an intense desire on the part of the passengers for tne first few days to investigate their cabins, and become intimately acquainted with the stewardess. I might say, a time for the ransacking of the various parts of that useful article, the stomach, and an indignant uprising of the contents thereof to argue the point; producing quite a fair imi. tation of a Working-men'- s Meeting (the worst coming to the top). After the truce of peace being ratified, through the agency of Messrs. Lemon, Sedlitz Powders & Co., the patient undulates up on deck, and becomes aware of the fact that his head persists in standing still and his feet insist upon following the motion of the vessel. A little practice, however, and then, ho for dress, dinner, and gossip. There were two things which impressed themselves particu. larly on the writer's mind, during the voyage, viz.: What astonishingly pretty feet American girls have, and what pretty hose are made to add to their attractions! And what a small amount of music can be heard when there are twoinstrumentsalwayaopen, and a proportion of three to one on board the ship, who are accomplished musicians with good voices. Just take, say a ship's : company, out of which two can play a little and sing a few songs, and the passengers wiil, after a few hours steady listening, silently wander' up on deck and murmur to themselves. "What are the wild waves say ing," gazing pensively meanwhile on tho foaming water below, and wishing, oh, wishing for peace o'er tho troubled deep. The present voyage was, however, a pleasant and speedy one. In passing, it mightj be stated that the two girl acrobats of California, who were on board, gave a performance on the trapeze. Truly, things of the sort are not pleasing without the pomp, brilliant gas and flourish of brass which always accompany them in tho "ring." A ripple of ex- - 139 PONE N T. citement was created by a sham fire, and the appearance of the seamen who acted as firemen. About half way across, the splendid phenomenon of five suns setting, or rather dipping in the sea, was witnessed. No storm, scarcely a cloud seen to vary the monotony. When passing around the Is. land of Oahu, it seemed strange to see the clouds. sun hid up by banks of is beautiful. The scenery around the island to the into bay, or., Rounding the point get one is of harbor, Honolulu, delighted with groves of tall cocoanut trees, pretty villages, suburban villas, tropical vegetation, and dark, frowning backgrounds - of densely wooded hills. Supper, or dinner, at six drew us below, and not until the city was in full view did we.again emerge on deck. As we neared the... wharf, the King's band played the American airs, and actually, yes, verily struck up selections from Pina-..forrunning on .with Nancy Lee, My ed blood congealed I I thought theso islanders would never hear of Poor Little Butter Cup what a Well, well, I silently devoted the time to introspective memories. The first impressions are always the deepest so says the old adage. I think the first impression made upon my mind about the Sandwich Islands was made by a picture in a very old geography. The sea was dashing upon the shore, mountains high, and riding on the waves with narrow boards were pictures of scores of Indian-lookicreatures apparently being about to he dashed to pieces on Now, 1 don't know that I ever thought about this picture for years, until within a short distance of HonchilUjwhen . it so suddenly and clearly rushedjnto my mind that I half expected to see the picture a living reality. Instead, we beheld little dark, skinned swimmer down by the vessel eagerly beseeching the "haore" to throw "ten cents dis shide." The first view of Honolulu was a very pretty one, and as we neared the shoro grew fairer every moment. The tropical trees, the clean white houses, and the background of rolling hills, made an interesting sight. The crowd of dark natives on the shore were neither as noisy nor as rude as one would expect, but make a path for you American law precedent, and government blotched and smeared with feudal and barbarisms, where I find a failure to fulfill the promise of its grand Constitution. sentiment These promises, and the God-lik- e and the labors of the founders of this republic, have taken hundreds of thousands from their native lands and made them dwellers hero. Among the grandest of many great things said in the message to old England was,"JNo taxation wiinout representation.", here,that I wish to take the ground right at vrvrtM ..11 mvmivsx uwu. oouao no class aoes or can in me iuu and protect property unless they have re- -' presentation. Now, sir, we sisters want American constitutional rights in Utah Territory. We wish our legislators to say to the world, "Behold! these our wives, daughters and sisters are women of God; they stand sido by side with us." Say to the world, theso are they who in the midst of denunciation, calumny and ostracism,taunts of"courtesan" and "bastardy for their offspring," have fled from place to place, and foregone for nrinr.inlfl thft daintv. lazv ease of the world. its pomps, fashions and its flatteries, and proved themselves worthy to become the mothers of a race of free men, and lol we present them to you free women, free to vote, free to hold ofHce,free to honor virtue, and U take part in legislating for its protection. Respectfully, etc., mon-arich- rain-lade- n a 1 : I e, dark-skinn- with good-nature- d - 9 : Louisa Kino Spencer. ng the-rock- Al 6. L. City Jan. 19, 1880. Des. News. s. politeness. A FEW OF MY THOUGHTS. What are women thouerht of? I think sometimes very little: but when I contem plate what they have to pass through, I think them noble; and when they stand firm to their calling and office in this kingdom there is a great and mighty work to do. it as tneir special worK to raise up tneir family in the fear ....... of the Lord, and not only . Of course, outside the gate ef the wharf you are by numerous hands and voices who noisily entreat your patronage to ride. As you ride on up through the city, you are most struck by the narrow, crooked streets. The compass, its points and use, evidently entered not into the marking out of these streets. Some are a half mooa and some a triangle. Take a chart of the war operations, well, of anywhere will do they, all look alike and you have an excellent plan of Honolulu. The houses are low, and wood. .The, dreaded earthquakes mostly account for this. Very many pretty residences aro scattered throughout the city, but anything like American, elegance,' grandeur, or style seems unknown Susa, ae-cost- ed 4 with the many besetments surrounding us, to train up our children in the way they should go; but we must persevere and do our part, and those who will not be obedient must suffer the consequences. I think and realize the Primary Association is doing much good in this place; there are many truly noble spirits among the younger class, who have a desire for epir? itual food, and they do enjoy their meetings; and the officers are learning as well as'the little one3 we find there can be much learned from children; and when we are doing good to others we are doing good to ourselves. My dear sisters, how thankful we ought to be that we are honored to live In this day ana age, wnen n xaise our voices and proclaim, tho principles of the Gospel, and when our words may be published to the nations of the earth. Ve can do this because' we know this la tho wnVk nf rinrf This An will do us more gocd than harm; the Gentile ladies do not know they are spreading the Gospel ' ana tne principle or celestial Marriage will, not die away as they think It will. I want to say a word or two about dancing. The young people engage in that pastime too much, it seems to me, when be improving their minds on they. might r-i a At uur young folks should uuspei irmns. nave recreation, but not Indulge in-I- t to excess: for I think It is not pleasing In tho we-ca- -- A WOMAN ON THE WOMAN'S BILL, How statesmen can oppose the Woman's Bill, presented in theLeghlature,e8pecially American statesmen, is one of the mysteries In considering the pros and cons, my involuntary expression was, how much shall our people gain or lose by a .course of cautious, fearful polling against a frank, nobb progressive one? I am English born, Americanized now to an extent, limited if you please, and the limitation boing at tho point where I find W . in temo.h them, hut to set an firamnlA' worth tr of imitation, for they watch those who are set to lead them; therefore they should bo a light unto them. It is a difficult thing, ' - Goshen. - . . . Sarah JRobeets. 