WO CONSISTENCY. We are sometimes told that this rare quality is a Jewel, find when used in weighing subjects, we find it is truly the case. For instance, we are told that we are living under the curse, which God our Father upon woman when bur first parwere driven out of the Garden of ents Eden. Admitting this to be so, let us consistently weigh the subject, and we find wisdom in accepting the reproof as our Father designed we should; it will eventually prove a blessing. Does the chastisement of a loving parent ever prove anything else? No, neverl it invariably awakens the mind to subjects of interest, too important to be forgotten j and . while we adhere to them we find bur abilities developed and strengthened by giving heed to his laws. But you say, "What ability can be developed by having your desire toward your husband, and he to rule over you?" In the pro-nounc- lieving the rules given were equally de signed fori each of us to observe. Would it then be difficult to honor and sustain such an one as our head, for since we have arrived to years of accountaaiiity, we find it necessary to be lovers of good ortier. The Apostle Paul says, "When I was a child I thought as a child, I spoke as a child; but when I became a man, I put away childish things." Accordingly, we must be consistent beings, and realize that our lessons are in advance of that of childhood. We are preparing to be men and women in our Father's kingdom. We must learn to give love to whom love is due, honor to. whom honor, and fear to whom fear. Yet we are told to become like little children to inherit this kingdom. True, in our love to our Heavenly Parents. But children love that which dazzles and attracts the attention; when older, they find that thorns grow among the roses and the bitter and the sweet are mingled through mazes of life. And to become men and women in Christ, we need not only one of our own faith to assist us, but also the Spirit of. Christ, with his faith and zeal also. It is necessary to add that through all the duties of life we need to be consistent. And particularly in the management of children do not be hasty or harsh, but help them to see things in their own true light And yet remember it is not a kindness to indulge them in beir own way, but on the contrary, show 'iitfm this is not always wisdom. Teach is a virtue, and discithem that We pline them In its proper- - exercise. should know what is right ourselves, as mothers and teachers, and with firmness and dignity, asking the help of our Heavenly Father, that we may make the right impression on their young and tender minds; which by precept and example can be done, but it is necessary to correct in gentleness and the spirit of love, which is a stronger power than the rod. As we read in the second epistle of John, 4th chap., 4th and 5th verses: "I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children 'walking in truth, as we have received commandment from the Father. "And now I beseech thee, lady, not as though I wrote a new commandment unto thee, but that which we had from the beginning, that we love one another." As there are great events in the future, we cannot be too careful in preparing them for that near future, when they will be called upon the stage of action. And that we may, as mothers In Israel, have wisdom to B X P (TN B N T. prepare them for this great event, is the prayer of your sister in the Gospel, M. E. Kimball. Salt Lake City, May 5, 1880. . ed first place, I would be careful to choose a husband who considered himself accountable to God, our Father, for all his acts; be- self-deni-al MA N 8 FANNY FERN. With feeling of deep reverence and affec. tion we look into the face of this great woman, who tsiled not for herself alone, but who honestly earned from ber own sex, gratitude that ought to quicken the pulse and throb in the heart of every woman, as long 9a one lives to remember her who so bravely battled with, and overcame circumstances the most forbidding and dreary. gifted women need not feel them, selves alone; for since the time she of whom we speak exclaimed; "O, the saving power there is in feeling that there is one human being who cares whether we stand or fall," woman has been winning day by day not only justice of criticism, which rightly belonged to her, but justice of heart, which is justly woman's due. Genius is of no sex! In Portland, Maine, July 9th, 1811, a daughter was born to Nathaniel Willis, (father of N. P. Willis,y"wh became known to the public 'as Fanny Fern. She was christened Grata Payson Willis, "but tho family so strongly objected to the classical name of Grata, that the still more ancient name of Sara was substituted, and. by this name she was called,until he had invented and given celebrity to another. Again the illustration of "blessings on. the hand of women" for we have good authority for saying that it"was unquestionably, from their mother that N. P. Willis, Fanny Fern, and their brothers and sisters derived the talent which all of them, in some measure To-da- y Inherited." . ..: - .. The family removed to Boston while she was an infant; Here her father apraetical printer, established a printing house, and later began the publication of CTheKecord-er,- " a religious newspaper, and later yet, the publication of the "Youth's Compan. was ion," for whichy after her school-lif- e ended, she occasionally wrote bright, pretty pieces. Her childhood was a happy one. She Is remembered as an interesting little girl, full of activity, her hair curling and golden, her complexion: brillant. Her home, in which there 'was a spare room, with an old arm chair, where a large Bible lay the room her mother used to- go Into, sighing as she closed the door "Young as I was," dear,1 deaf Fanny Fern tells us, "I had learned td watch for her coming out; for the sweet, calm, ; holy look her features wore fascinated me like a spell. Now I khow how it was; now that the baptism of a woman's Jot has been mine also; and of. ten, when blinded by the waves of trouble which have dashed over my head, have I thought of the open Bible in the old arm. chair, its pages wet with tears which no human eye saw fall; wiped away by no human hand, but precious in His eyes as the seed of- - the husbandman," from which He garners the golden harvest sheaves. Until the year 1872,this old house was still standing. The Boston Fire swept it away. "I loved mylmother!" are her o wn words, "Everybody did I" ' Her education was acquired at various schools; that of Miss Catharine Beecher at Hartford, she remembered as one of the liveliest and best. . In 1837 she was marrled to Mr. Charles Eld- .- redge, the cashier of the Merchant's bank, Boston, with whom she lived in affluence and constant happiness for nine years. This true home was first invaded by 'sorrow when her first child, a beautiful little 'girl of seven years went to that blessed home where tears are wiped away," and where she has feelinglyJsaid:"Aunt Fanny knows A m a mi . i ii nor lost are iouna." Ana ooiore mis nrsi ' BY E. ADDIE HEATH. - 191 ' : deep grief had spent itself, the huabanfl was stricken with a fever, and after a i'slx weeks' illness the strong arm upon which the fond wife had leaned so trustingly: was to whom she powerless to shield her,-- he entrusted her life happiness lay "magnifiV cent in death." His estate defrayed the cost of administering that was all, The widow found herself entirely dependent upon her own efforts for the support of herself and her two little ' rz girls. mnnov? How mamv. manv wnmftn in lika nircnm stances have asked the same question. She tried sewing. She applied for a and passed an examination for a public school teacher, but the preference was given to another. When e very other door seemed closed against her, the thought occurred to her that she might earn a livehood by writing. From the great road of life,is there a path way traced out for every human soul? Why, then, this blind groping in a dense forest, where the thick underbrush opposes a step forward, aud the sharp thorns and briers that catch at the outer garments, pierce and tear the delicate flesh when the hands try to loosen their grasp? That the feet that pathway? That the may strike be made firm ? No need to ask step may don't know; nor can we you or me, for-wtell until wo come to the end of our pathWltflf. nnnlri shn rln fcn Aarn sit-uatio- n, way. In a desparing moment she dashed off "Tho Model MinUter," and carried the article, herself first to" one" officei then .to another, until the editor of a little magazine, "kind hearted man I" agreed to take the manuscript for half a dollar, to be . " A discouraeincr paid on publication day. experience! but nearly every paper In Boston republished the article. This encouraged a second attempt, so she toiled on. Other papers copied her bright, witty sayings, and ere long she had no dif. Acuity in disposing of whatever she pre. ;'she 7r pared.' It was after her name had attracted public ; . wrote: notic, that "Nobody could be more astonished than I, to find myself famous; I never dreamed of it, when I sat in a small room, at the top of the house where I lodged, scribbling over plume, 'out of which I was to choose one for my first article which article I , never thought of preserving, any moie than tho succeeding ones, supposing my meagre pecuniary remuneration the only rewaid I was to hope for. I think the reason I selected Jhe name Fern was because when a child, and walking with my mother in the court, try, she used always to. pluck a leaf of .it, to place in her bosom, Jot i its sweet odor, almost and that gloomy morning, when despaired of earning bread for my children, I had bean thinking of her,andr wishing J she were Hying, that I might lay; my. head noon her bosom and tell her all my. sorrows; and then memory carried mo back, 1 scarce knew how, to those childish , days," when I ran before her In the wooas, to pmcK too sweet fern she loved: and then I said to myself, my name shall be JFanny Fern? little dreaming anybody would eyer know or care anything about It." . 