of wheat until after harvest, without interest. With these worthy examples, as the fruits of the Gospel, b afore us, we wish to extend to all our brethren and sisters the privilege of aiding in this good work of compassion and love. We respectfully remind those who have the riches of this wodd.moreaj)u,n,danily bestowed upon them, that they have a fitticg opportunity of remembering trie' Lord's poor. If you hold their notes and they are unable to pay, forgive THE WOMAFS EXPONENT. i nswiEiJira n. wells, , dltor. In 'Salt Lake Qty, Utah. Terms: One copy one year, onepy $lx ninths, 1.00, TTen copies for tfo jpriee of nine., j AdTertialng rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $3.00; per month, $3.00. A Uteral discount to regnlar adTertlsers. Exponent Office, Lower West Boom of the Council hours Business House,. South Temple Sheet. from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. eVery day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Womak's Expowiraf, Sal Lake Oity, UUh. , extokeit; WOMAN'S 180 Fattolied Beml-motttM- j, the interest and the principal, or to much 1 SALT 'LAKE CITY,? MAY 1, 1880. SOME PABAGRAPHS OF CIBCULAR. A Circular from the Twelve Apostles has ufeu jjuujibucu, u mo "xseeexeii .xuveuiug News," which, gives explicit ana definite Presidents of Slakes $nd Bishops how to arrange matters pertaining to remitting P. E. Fund indebtedness, delinquent tithing, and the donation of cows and sheep; also perfor Zien, and gentaining to the wheat-storeeral remarks. , Co-operati- in-irpctio- iaso - ve -- THE LOANING OE RELIEF SOCIETY WHEAT. In accordance ;,wlth a unanimous vote of the s sisters present at our late General Conference, we "recommend that you loan to your respedt iv Bishops so much wheat a they may cdh-sid- er requisite to meet the necessities .of the Af.arvntr nnnr We a'so recommend that the Bishops receipt to you and take receipts from those to whom iney arsuiouie, mat ine wneat loaned may be , . faithfully returned when- circiimitabcea shall - : permit," : We realize that our sisters hav performed a highly commendable and praiseworthy labor in storing wheaj; for future emergencies, and we trust that, inasmuch as the wheat has been loaned without interest, the Bishop?, In carry- - G log out the above measure?, will see that they receive a full equivalent for their loans, taking into1 cons! deration the losses in changing, as well as the difference between old and new wheat as to quality and quantity. The shrinkage is supposed to be about ten per cent. ,r The Bishops should be Tespdnsible for the return of the wheat,1 hence they should loan on good security, and to such persons as will return the sama according to agreement. It should be loaned mainly for seed. Tne Tithing Office 'will In no responsible for the' rettfh of the whole, or aby part' thereof; - . co-operat- ive d : thereof as you might desire' them to forgive, were their and your circumstances reversed; thus doing unto others as you would that others should do unto ou. For upon this hang' the Jaw and the prophets.. T you. have mortgages upon the ttomes.rp'otjiratliren' or sisters who are poor, worthy and, honest, and who desire to pay you but cannot, free them in whole or fri part. Extend to them a jubilee, If you can consistently, ' You VvHthave their faith, pray ers ,aud confidence, which, may be worth more than money. We inv4er lion's Mercantile Institution,, a the institutions as parent; all other are the children; our brethren who engaged in profitable railroad, banking; mercantile, manufacturing, or other remunerative enterprises, to extend, a helping hand. Free the, worthy debt bound brother if yon can. Lot there be no rich among us from whose' tables fall oniy crumbs to feed a wounded Lazarus. Bather let us each and all do our part honorably, justly, charitably and well. The Church .of . Christ has given us example, let us follow it, so that God may forgive ourdebts as we forgive our debtors. By so doing, you will, as Jesos says, 'Make unto yourselves friends with the mammon of unrighteoufness, that when ye fail, they may receive you into everlasting .. habitations.'?. That all these matters may be curled promptly to a successful issue, we advise the of the several Staked and the Bishop's agents, to proceed at once to visit all the wards therein, holding meetings in order to arrange all these matters while making their vlaits. By this means they will more readily accomplish what is herein required,' and have their minds relieved of the responsibilities relating thereto. Those needing wheat for s4ed must of course have it soon In older thaf, It may be available for that purpose this sason; while those needing cows and sheep will appreciate prompt a esajn their delivery. -- caee TIIE FORGIVENESS OF DEBTS T(j THE WORTHY POUR IN ZLON. At our recent Annual Conference the Church , by commjn consent, remitted one half of the people's entire indebtedness to the Perpetual Emigrating Fund Company j and one-ha- lf of the amount dua on back tithing account, aggregating aboat $373,900. This amount to apply to the cancellation of the obligations of the worthy po:r on their emigration and tithing accounts; thus freting them from a burden which they have been unable; to honorably cist off. To all sush, in this regard, we offer a Jubilee. Tne power of God moTlng the hearts .of .the SalnU etlll further, caused them to appropriate,' for the relief of the'deserviog poor la Zba, one thousand head' of 'cows and five thousindKeaXof heep,- - In addition to this, the lUlief Societies, with a liberal generosity, oner to loan to the needy some 34,000 bushels Presidencies . John Taylor, In behalf of the Council of Apostles. fHi Is there not a parable of a farmer whose enemy came and sowed tarea while he slept? At the present time there are some mothers carelessly dozing, and the cunning one Is' sowing in the hearts of their, innocent little children the seeds of misery and wretdhednees; seeds that will spring up In ltdWjC(mftn' whose fruit will be adeadlypolapn.JO look to your darling: ones; watch them more carefully; they nre; indeed precious gms entrusted to your care; sW to itf they ar e not lost, or the lustre of. their spli its dirlmUoV, Gather them around you and tea ch them the princl-ble- s of honesty, virtue and truth. Do hot leave them wholly to. trio .carie :of others, it. ion can possibly devote to their iUuetion a portion of your own time The best education y ou can give to the H'tiOfies is home discipline; a mother's gentle, refifralnlng,' guiding influence. As they grow in years aid enter upon school life, do not give uj your mother-shar- e in their education. Watch ever theif:variou8: pursuits; encourage them to come to fpu. with all their doubts; then you mayhavethe oprwitunity to give them light and strength to wreatle with difficulties. Be careful that "their Instructors in every department of )ifyprfi aeuch as you can approve; those who wlil teach them truth, not error. Select judiciously their companions and their books. Books are companions. Many false ideas'and onhpiy sentiments are gathered freni these silent associates. To aid mothers la the spiritual education of the children, the Primary Associations have been organized Bqng.tffBw& have an influence. to. Iea4 them into the channel of a proper education.. As a people we can not be too particular In training the children. It is necessary they sKouId have mighty faith, for disease in the form of pestilence is about to sweep over tbe'earth, ami nothlrg 'but faith In God, through thejmjn holy ordinances, can stay its progress, The physical condition must be preserved as pure as possible, and all the spiritual faculties strong and bright to effectually wrestle wlh the; powerful agen-ciewhicIyrlJI be more Urrible and destructive than the sword. In what condition is the world to battle with these elements of death? Read their own publications and you will learn. The early education of children should receive more careful attention from the mother than any other department of her work. "I have no time to teach rhy children," are words i - i ; 1 a. ; we often hear from A mother. Then let something else go undone. JEa get andi anxious to learn, thirsting, hungering for knowledge, if you do not satisfy- this earnest craving of their little minds some one etae 'wjU;!an(i,tf!uiy not be the kind of teliigWrwh,wiU:De good for them; that wiilTrild gdod fruit in time to come. Tle chHdreh :waht kn'owlfde, they are born with thaes it is the duty of parents and teachers to eupyly them with that whleh will prove; of lasting boneflt. New methods of instruction ate being devised constantly.. ;;fqr tbeir education in schools, and every facility that will add to the improvement in book learning, butLatter-da- y Baints want somethliig rnqre.; The children of Zion have God's work to dp and theidiwipline - EDUCATION OF THE YOUNG. 7 Is there any thing of so much importance as thp proper education of the young? ' Is it not necessary to make Herculean efforts to' train them In the right direction? Upon them must eventually rest')) the responsibilities of an important era. If they are to do a greater work than their parents, if more Is tobefcecom-plishe- d in the near future, as Zion increases' in numbers and gains power and strength, then assuredly they need be thrice armed, "for their quarrel is"Just," to prepare thein for the 'great events which are about to develop. ' There is no time to be ldst. Wickedness is on tbe' increase, the powers' of darkness aieniristeiing all their fortes. The' Siints shbnld gather strength to combat1 darkness and error, by moral and spiritual forces. ' A deep sleep seems to have fallen upon some, and they are indifTerent'toth'yU ' Influences that are fast gaining ground,' arid perchance creeping stealthily into their own households. ; , and education should be administered HOME Class in Miiwife accord- - FFAIR8. Pratt will open a class in this branoh of medicine In her office In1 the Constitution Buildlngi on the 10th of May, at 4 P. M. 