WO MA N ' S EX POKE N T . 100 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EJtttEIIVE Published Editor. II. WELI4S, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, S3.' 00; one copy.ix months f aine Advertising $1.00 Ten copies for the .pric ten Each ratesi lines of nonpareil pace, one square time, $3.50:-pemonth, $3. 00. A liberal, dlsconnt to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of he Coancil House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. in. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Addrcs3 alt business communications-t: BCmi-monthl- . -- r o ' ' Publisher Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER 1, UTAH AND HER DELEGATE TO GRESS. 1830. CON- Hon. George Q. Cannon left this city Tuesday morning, No v. 30, for Washington, D. C., that he might arrive in the Capital and be present at the opening of the session of Congress, which event will transpire Monday, Dec. 6. President Cannon has been duly elected, and is undoubtedly th choice of the people, for delegate from Utah, and really represents the true interests of all citizens of this Territory. Women as well a9 men have had a voice in his election, notwithstanding the efforts made to hinder them, and have cast their votes for him. Bro. Cannon is well acquainted with the needs of the people who reside here, and has ever acted honorably and wisely in behalf of each and all, that they might enjoy and exercise th e privileges to which loyal citizens ire entitled. The spirit and feeling of the outside party who have come and set. tied in Utah, and their manner towards the ''Mormon" people is such that those who would maintain their.riguts aud privileges as legitimate proprietors of the country they have sought out and made desirable, are compelled to act upon the defensive, which is always disagreeable to those who are lovers of peace and good order. Many threats have been made in regard to the future action of the government withrespect to Utah and sthe "Mormon" people, but judging from the wonderful manifestations of the power of G6d in the past, in the of his protection Saints, we can but feel hopeful for the future. Whatever dark clouds seem now impending, will be scattered arid blown away, and a bright and smiling sky will illuminate the transient cloudiness' 'or the atmosphere, and all will be well; Uth will become a flourishing and prosperous Territory, and the eyes 0 the great American, nation will look with astonishment success that is but just dawniug behind the dusky horizon. The Saints have. nothing to fear, for all things will work together Tor their good. Like Daniel the prophet, their trust is in God and none else. Men revile and persecute, and women too, but may cannot staj the hand of the Lurd, which they has been set in the last days to gather out and redeem a people, who will hearken and obey the voice of the Good Shepherd. .. Pres. Cannon goas to his labors in the halls of Congress with the faith, the confidence and the united prayers of this people. He is strengthened on every hand by unseen forces. There are thousands of ftxvent petitions otlerod up to heaven in his behalf, in the homes and sanctube The Saints., little ary0 children; ju their simple, earnest faith, pray for Jits success, and Cod hears the prayers of the pure, .innocent children.. With all the other qualifications for success 5 , with which Pres. Cannon is endowed, he is a strong advocate for equal political privileges and justice for woman in all the various departments and vocations of life. This fact endears him to the hearts of thousands who are anxiously looking forward with hopefulness to the time when woman may at least vote and have a voice in all questions that concern her "life, libertyand the pursuit of happiness.". Success to Delegate Cannon. We wish him a prosperous journey, a safe arrival, and may he be able to transact all business pertaining to the interests of the Territory to his complete satisfaction, and that of his constituents. ; There is a glorious future for Utah and although it is considered a very insignificant position to represent this Territory in the august national assemblies, who knowsjbut the least may yet be the. greatest in strength and power? There are many reasons why Utah is likely to become popular. The serious questions of social life that are agitat-in- g the minds of men and women of thought and reflection are being practically dealt with here, aud women of ability and intelligence are taking an active part in the drama which is now an enigma and puzzle,but which will eventually resolve itself into a key to unravel some of the intricate problems of human life which are perplexing the minds and absorbing the interests of scientists and philanthropists. Marvel not at the assertion. Is it more unlikely than that the whole world is becoming more or less convinced that this continent was once inhabited by a civilized and enlightened race who were highly cultivated in the arts and sciences but dwindled a way and the land left desolate. And yet when Joseph Smith by revelation and through the power of God proclaimed these facts backed up by the testimony of the veritable records of that identical roc of people, the idea was hooted at and its advocates held up to ridicule and scorn and even persecutions heaped upon them in consequence. We may be and perhaps are digressing from the subject, but nevertheless Utah has a promising future of which her people yet will be justly proud, and she may shine anon, with brilliancy in the magnificant galaxy of the States. The Conference of the Relief fWi L. M, I. A, and Primary Lake Stake, will be held in, the FourLntK Ward Assembly Booms, Friday and . the 17th and 18th insts. Secretaries We see by the local papers that Mrs. Hannah T. Cornaby of Spanish Fork, well known as a writer of verse, is about to publish her poems. Presidents and officers of the Y. L. M. T. A. .to obtain instruction in regard to matwishing ters which pertain to these Associations from the. President of the Central organization, should' address Mrs. E. S. Taylor, Post Office Box 629, Salt Lake City, Utah. The Secretaries of the several branches of the Y. L. M. I. A. in this Stake of Zion, are requested to forward full statistical and financial reports from the date of their organization to October 6. 1SS;, to Mrs. Augusta Joyce Croch-eroBox 419, S. L. City, that she may furnish a complete and accurate Stake report for the central organization. n, We have on hand reports from several meetings, and alo minutes of the organization of branches of the Primary Associations, and a re-Iof a Relief Society, organized at Bluff City, Han Juan, all of which we shall publish as soon as practicable. . rt . Notice: The Secretaries of the Primary sociations As- of Salt Lake Stake, are requested to eend in their reports, before, the 17th, for the ConferencAddms: Mrs. Ellen CJawson, care of H. B. Clawson, Salt Lake City. , Semi-Anuu- al Mrs. Vjlate Y-N- Secretary , ganizations will please take notice and send reports at as early a date, as possible, it j hoped each branch of the several Societies m the country, will have a representative, Tas this the Annual Meeting of the Relief Societies. ' We had the pleasure of attending theQuar terly Conference of the Relief Societies of Utah County, which was held Friday, Nov. 27, in the Provo Meeting House, Counselor Mary John presiding. Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, Secretary 0f presiding board, and Mrs. Elizabeth Howard Secretary of Salt Lake Stake R. S., were both present. The reports of the presidents were and the sisters frm Salt Lake each in turn addressed the meeting. Mrs. Mary John Mrs. Lucy W. Kimball, and Bishop Johnn' also made very suitable remarks. Sister E. R. Snow Smith, President of all the organizations of Relief Societies, and her Counselor, Zina D. Young, are at present in St, George. They arrived there on the evening of November 19, after having organized a Primary Association at Washington the same day. On the following Tuesday, Nov. 23, they expected to the Y. L. M. I. A. at Washington; Wednesday to organize the children's Primary in the Fourth Ward, St. George, and Thursday to meet with the Relief Society in the Third Ward St. George. On the journey down these sisters visited Scipio, Holden, Fillmore, Meadow City, Kanosh, Beaver and Parowan; at each of these places held meetings with the sisters, and in some places organized Primary Associations. On Tuesday, Nov. 23, tho Primary Association of South Cottonwood held their annual meeting, and celebrated the occasion with a party and a fair, or bazar, of the children's own work. Various useful and ornamental articles were on exhibition. Some of them were verv neat, and even elegant, and all were creditable. Among the most noticeable things in the fair was a large wreath of flowers made of kernels of corn, beans, wheat, rice, &c, arranged to represent different kinds of flowers, and tlieu varnished. The first impression on looking at thq wreath is that it is made of shells, so closely do the flowers resemble the shell work that we see so much of It was made by a Miss. A boy of 16 years of age exhibi ted a number of specimens in scroll-wor- k consisting of brackets, 7 - HOME AFFAIRS. SaS of theleT . ze towel-rac- k, mottoes,pcard-recedver- picture-frame- s s, &c. Wool-flower- tidies, quilts, s, hair-wor- k, small wooden harrows and rakes and alao a miniature pair of doubteti'ees, all made by little children. Mrs. Martha G. Young, the President of the Association has been specially ener getic and remarkablly patient and persevering-Shcertainly has done well and we must add excelled Her example is worthy of im itation l by others engaged in thd same interests. ladies from the city Were invited to attend the meeting and entertainment but circum stances prevented any of them attending except Sister Ellen C, S. Clawson. who addressed the children in, a happy and instructive manner, a good spirit, pervaded., the, assembly, Binhop Rawlins and Elder ym. G. Young were present and many of the parents of .the children, and visitors from other wards, j , e Sev-re- Useli but and therefore needs particular comment; as a friend of the author; we are pleased that she has decided to publish her poems in book form. Tire circular publish ed.helow explains to The wirffbe one rnoreT .interesting addition liberies "of th'epung jopler..' .Mor" th . 