WO M AN' S B X P O N ENT . 178 JUBILEE IN ST. GEORGE. REPORTER 8. Y. GATES. Singing by the Santa Clara Choir,' "Who are these in bright array." Dismissed for thirty minutes b. Bishop Ensign. M one Choir sang anthem, o'clock, Opening to "We're willing wait a little longer." Prayer, D. H. Cannon, Singing by Santa Clara Choir, ""We come, dear friends, to greet you." ' Refreshments, Singing, "Springtime has come again." Address, Susie Young Gates: - Music on organ by Sister M. A. Dufriezev0, Music, composed by a missionary, by the Santa Clara Brass Band. Dialogue by Masters Woolley, Whitehead and Romney. Duet, "What are the wild waves saying?" Trio, "Fret not thyself," J. Eardley and daughters. ; Singing, "With a holy purposei1 Hymn, Geoffrey Wellaner and wife.: Quartette bythe Staeheli. Remarks , by Pres. McAllister Seemed to feel that the Spirit of the Lord had been abundantly poured out this day. Read the revelation to Oliver Cowdery in relation to taking the name of the Lord without authority. The duty of the President of the High Priesthood Is to prealdo over the whole Church. Read parts of various revelations. Gave a word of counsel to the . Minutes of the Celebration of the Jubilee held in the Tabernacle. Called to order by Pres.. McAllister. Singing, Anthem, the of "Hark! song Jubilee," by the choir. Prayer, Pres. Henry W. Eyring.: Singing, ----- Choir. " Beading of Revelation on Church, given to Joseph Smith April6. 1830, Sec. 20, new edition Doc. and Cov;, by J. M. McFarlane. Singing by choir and people, "The Spirit of God like a fire is binning." ;.rr.i. Remarks by Eider Milo Andrus Never In a life's experience.had been the feeling of inability to do justice to an occasion of so vast importance been experienced by the speaker; and never had a spirit seemed so akin to the one felt in Kirtland, at the dedication of the Temple, as at present. Exhorted the people to exert themselves to obtain the Spirit of God Where is the Illiterate boy who first started out in this grand march to heaven? He hope, if time was allowed him (the prophet), to visit earth, that he might visit the audiences of the Saints to day. The first.fourteen years were years of toil. The old, the middle-age- d, the youth, were not blamable for their Dlrlb, but all weje in placo. Alluded to the feast of the martyrs, which would be a glorious affair, isfied that, it cpnld be noised abroad that although the Saints of God had been driven and persecuted, yet fr6m now, henceforth and forever, that the kingdom of God should triumph. A; tribute to the martyrs, Joseph and 11 y rum, was given by the speaker. All nature is Inuntelievers ought to spired tho air is full of the power prophecy of God. The day was full of rejoicing. Opposi tion had followed the Church since the commencement But if h were different, the conviction would force itself upon the mind that this Church was as the creeds of the world. Exhorted all to remain true to the Gospel. Where does this mind thi3 intelligence go? To dust? No; it is part of dhinity part of the Eloheim. Intelligence is God j and may It double, treble, and increase ten thousand times in the next fifty years. Our course is onward, onward, upward, eternally upwardeternal forever. Closed with an invocation and blesing upon all the people ot God. Amen. Singing by the Swiss Choir, "We have thought of thy loving kindness." Song, "Make home beautiful" by A. S. W. Segmiiler, chorus by the Choir. Select reading by A. W. Ivins, selection from Parley P. Pratt's Music organ solo Elder Eugene Schaah. maun. Telegram from Pres. E. Snow-A- pril 6, 1880 The Apostles voted to remit the back tithing and P. E. Fund indebtedness to the worthy poor, and donate one thousand cows and five thousand sheep, and recommend general relief to the needy. Remarks by Pres. McAllister Although weak in body, the spirit was full of rejoicing and solemnity. At times he had been wrought upon to speak harshly, but it was S the chiding8 of a very dear friend. The people had heard a sketch of Joseph Smith, his life and glorious death. A few words were added by the speaker to the remarks or Bro. Andrus in relation to Smith; a few items were added to Joseph the history of the martyrs. The blessings of God and wm were for by the Amen. to-da-y. -- , : ; Bishops to see that those who are1 needy may be supplied with comforts. Blessed the people, the committees, the choirs, the singers, the readers, the little boys, and all who have taken any part. Amen. Choir sang, "Beautiful Moonlight.'' Dismissed by Bro. Edson Barney. peace-fuUprid- m - up y. : ; theiriaburning cry for him that was the. people's father, friend and leader. But on, on goes God's - mighty work. The Twelve take up the burden, and he who step3 aside is left behind. Now upon Zioh's mount the people their Ternples, and join the Heagather-tvenly hosts in giving Life to Death. This year Is full of past and future. And we God's Israel wipe out the Vengeful Past and with an outstretched hand greet brother sister In the future. Lay down the yoke of Selfishness, O Saints, take np the wreaths of Kindness, and celebrate our Jubilee with Love aye, God-likCharity. All Israel's heart throbs out with sweetest joy and praise, and Israel's soul's a tuned harp, which sings the glorious song ot gladness. Peal forth the heavenly news that Zion's : o e : . Jbuilee has pome! . To day the seal of fifty years is set upon the. Kingdom's History.; - Rouse up !ye SaintsI For aged hearts bound full of youth . and feel again the Spring of Life. Firm middle age the firmer grasps the Iron Rod, and sends one mighty song to God. Bright youth adjusts his heavenly armor on and feels the thrill of loye divine in taking up His Word. Shout out the song of praise.; Respond ye hearts and tongues of Israel. And join the Angel Choruses, and sing, eternal prais.es to our King. Let all the people say Amen and Amen!!! to-da-y, to-da- y ADDRESS. y, Auti-biograph- So10 hum with laborv Homes rise up in e and busy life Is unmolested. The pilgrim band are led by God through Brig-haYoung, and years fall into years and tis still,' peace. But nowsound of wailing sorrow chills the air, and even babes send 1 to-dayev- en to-da- ' - plenty smile down upon the land. The fields swing out their wealth and factories THE POWER OF A CYCLONE. DELIVERED AT ST, GEORGE TABERNACLE APRIL 6, 1880, BY SUSA YOUNp GATES. kingdom's fiftieth birthday The dullest eye lights up, the numbest heart is stirred with joy to greet this year of jubilee. O'er dark and jagged paths, the feet of those have trod who started out just fifty years ago. The shrinking flesh oft torn by cruel biiars. The breeding hands upheld to God for grace. Fierce missiles of invec-it- ve hate flung from all sides by Bigotry. Hark ! A shuddering horror leaps from heart to heart, as through the camps the news is spread of cold, fiendish murder. An almost worshiped prophet and a loved patriarch have sealed their everlasting faith upon the people's hearts,in dying for Christ's kingdom.' Mourn Israel! Weep daughters of Zion! Gloom shadows all, the very birdg refuse to sing, for wicked men have slain a man of God, have stained their hands with the blood of Christ's priesthood. But lift the darksome vail, oh saints and. onward take your way to the setting sun. The tiny wail ot murdered childhood, the. graves scooped out :with quivering jiagdsto lay the best beloved on cruel forec,jiiBoiL , The pillaged home, the smoking runi3,the reek, lag scenes of blood andj,carnage all mark tho progress of God's people to these lovely Christ's latter-d-ay I vales. "; - The dusty.road ends in a lovely valley. Strong men and brave women, crowd out and spread arbund to laythe plow arid plant the seed In Virgin ground. Tents, wagons, rude log huts, adobe houses arise on every hand; and soon the curling smoke of peace atealsfrom the lowly homes upon the desert air.' A chain.'of valleys is filled and re. deemed from north to south of our dear Territory. Anon fair peace and gleesome 1 In discussing .the.', two cyclonesj which Bay of Bengal in Cfotober, 1876, visited the Mr. Elliott, Meteorological Reporter to 'the Government of Bengal, incidentally gives us some idea of the cyeiopean forces which are developed by such storms. The average "daily evaporation' registered by the Bengal instruments in October, is "two Inches." The amount of heat absorbed by the conversion of this amount of water daily, over so large an area as the Bay of Bengal Is enormous. "Roughly estimated," says Mr. Elliot, "it is equal to the continuous working power of 800,000 steam engines of 1,000 horse power." A simple calculation;will show that It suffices to rise aloft over 45,000 hours cubic feet of Tvater in twenty-fo- ur from every square mile of the bosom of the bay, and transport :it to the clouds which overhang it, When we extend the calcula tion from a single square mile to the area of this whole Indian gulf, the mind is lost in the effort to conceive the, fenrce which, in a day's time, can lift 50, 00(j,000 tons! 'Yet, U it would be easy to show, that such figures, not adequately fabulous as they geemj represent the cyclonic" ibrcts of a single ( storm. Popular Science ' Monthly, From a DisritfatfrsiiEb Clergyman. have known of several 'persons' who reI ' garded them solves as greatly benefited, and some of them as permanently cured of dls eases of the kidneys and urinary orgahs by your medicine, Warner's l?gafe 'Kidney and Liver Cure. I nave known; too, of Its use in similar cases by physicians of the highest character and standing; I 'do not' doubt 3 that It has great virtue. J. E. Rankin. Washington, D. O., Jane 19, 1,879. 