84 THE WOMM'S EXPONENT. EHMELIXE 11. WI,LN, . - i : Editor; in Salt Lake tlty, JUtjah Published S3one One Termer copy year, - 00; one copy ebr months $1M Ten copies - for the price Jof jaine.' advertising rates:rEach Bjnare, ten lines of nonpareil ' space, oue time, $2.50: per month, $3. 004 A liberal discount r to' v. ii.ut; : regular advertisers. Exponent WHce, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to5,p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to semi-monthl- - Publisher Womas's Expoxeut, Salt Lake City Utah. . SALT LAKE CITY, NOVEMBER I, 18S0. THE COMING ELECTION. School, Suffrage New York. the election will be held in all the precincts of the Territory,and the People's Party will cast their votes for the Delegate to Congress from Utah.... Notwithstanding the attempt which was made to take the franchise from the women of this Territory, woman will have the privilege of the ballot, and thus help to swell the number, of the People's Party, who would no doubt, without the vot f women, be in the majority. The suffrage for wornenlargely jg ing more extensively discussed as time rolls on, To-morro- w ? and already much has been done in this direction, that thirty years ago seemed impossible. There is a bond of sympathy which unites women on this subject that is strong as iron and gve Phough opinions on other subject Jna women suarafe have expressed themselves on the recent attempt to djsfratich'&J Utah, in such a way as to give strength to the preconceived opinion that they would, were it necessary, wrestle to help maintain the position which the women of Utah have had secured to them for the last ten years, and which rights have been preserved sacred aad inviolate. Mrs. Lewis, editor of W oman's Words, Philadelphia, says, under the heading "Disfranchising Women:" "Another eflort is being made in Utah to disfranchise the women of that Territory, as we learn by a dispatch from Mrs. Weils; a mandamus having been issued by the Supreme Court bearing on the question. We do not believe it will succeed. Liberty takes no step backward, andwhen the elective franchise is once exercised, no power can take it away without a revolution. It is one of the alarms, we Judge, designed to help the Democratic Party. If so they will soon find plenty of business on hand in soothing the terrorized voters of the South. Mrs. Matilda Joslyn Gage, editor of the National Citizen, Syracuse, New York, has an editorial on the same subject; it is entitled "Attack upon Vested High ts," "Woman's Cowardly Enemiey'&e. Mrs. Gage is a powerful writer, and she takes thte opportunity to impress; upon women everywhere the necessity of teecuring a constitutional amendment. She closes with the following paragraph: ,; "Let this attempt to deprive the women , of Utah cf their political right, nerve the heart and brain of every woman to more frfniinn. effort for a sixteenth amendment which" shall recognize the rights of all United States 'citizens to the ballot. When once this is gained, no isolated state or territory can strike such a blow at v?52 fcMmmftte fuffrage rights." Mesdames Gage, Blake and Slocum, have been actively: engaged for some time past in lecturing to help educate women politically and preparing the field for the women of New York that they might exercise the privilege of the ballot given them Eeb. 12, ult., on the school question, at the election, which was held about the middle of October, Mrs, Blake in a letter to the National Citizen said she had canvassed ten counties; that at several points women were nominated to serve as trustees and the sequel of the election proves that Mrs. Blake was: right in predicting they would be elected.' Ladies took their own carriages out for voters, others stood at the door and distributed votes, and received at the polling places. Mrs. Gage sat in a Justice's office with the InsrJectors to watch the deposits. She was strongly urged to run as Trustee but refused for lack of time, however a young energetic woman got the'positiori proffered to her. Mrs. G. says when the time drew near for the voting of women in the eleven thousand school districts of the State, the men begin to grow uneasy; but the Verdiet is that "so quiet a school election was never known." They had some opposition from State Superintendent of schools, Neil who published a circular and letter; with a view of intimidating women. If Mr, Gilmore does not "mend his manners," in this regard, these selfsame ladies will give him just such a game as they did Lucius Robinson. The women of Utah, appreciating as they do . the privilege of the franchise, will rejoice in the eminent success of this vexed question in the Empire State, and also in all the extended recognition of woman as an intelligent, responsible being, a creature of mind and soul. The women of this Territory should not forget election day, and not only go forward and vote, appreciating . the opportunity, but stimulate others to do so, and assist all in their do wer to hfln Gil-mor- h A., pWeLlthWkrd. held ib, annual meeting Oc 10th, that being Ahfir2, anniversary of Its organization. ' The was large, including Bishop a it cal-culat- : In company with Mrs. Zina D. Young we visited Morgan and attended the Quarterly Con. ference of the Relief Societfesj Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary Associations that Stake. Some were mad in a the officers, and a central changes organization formed for the Primary of 'that Stake, The sisters there are doing wellandjrying to improve in every good thW. e, Assoda-tion- s . " v ,Mio, icowcuw , vi jro. naroiiei Francis. mtr cneenng sere nade. There were ten instru ments, and the boys, Who are all young, under the able instruction- ana leadership of Brother Bull, are progressing finely. Their leader was associated with Banc's Band in "the early days of Utah. It was guite a surprise, but most truly acceptable. When we were leaving, the children came in crowds to bid us goodby, and sang someaweet little hymns at the depot. . , The Tenth Quarterly Conference of Dark Stake Relief Society was held at Farmington Oct. 15 1880. Sister Prescendia Kimball and Zfei v. i. Young, of Salt Lake attended;' FrestWm. K. Smith and Counselor Ati inn fkff of Davis Stake Pre sidehcy, and oth ers of the local brethren ivere present. 'Much good and', wise counsel was given in a pleasing and instructive manner; many subjects of Interest were dwelt u pon7 Kindness, and gentleness,characterizingiall that was said and done. MPjijray.usa, r , - attended the annual meeting of the Relief Society on Wednesday, October 27. These two sisters will probably start for St. George in a few days, visiting the different set tlements by the way, and meeting with the Societies wherever practicable. B. W. Smith left the office, and very precious to ifaxk 'lite ... wrKmansnin t,,4""u of (hose Mttte-glrwho learhtn'g to WuUfy b, - - - n t J SiVtera The remark? .of icimbiJJ,'.Yrpun'gRogers, et. al. were alike mstructiye ana en teres ting. The childreri merit the ' approbation'; t ey flin .n.lmamt rJkT ' A r.r 1 1 " ceived from their leach President Rogers is justlv Droud of the affec tion they manifest for those who bavelalxiredso . , I ; faithfully in their 'interest. TheofTicers were set apart by; President Smith Counselor Call and Bishop Hess, as follows:., Mrs, Anrelia S. Rogers, President; Mrs'. Julia Hess nd Lucy A. .Clark, Counselor!; Miss Sarah E. Rich aids, Secretary-Mrs. -- Annie Wilcox, .Treasurer-- 051cers of the Davis Sta ke Primary. Assodatips ( M. Hi. JtlCirARDS. Kyretftnr uavis Stake. 1 . t. 1 Sisters E. R. Snow Smith and ZinaD. Young went to Lehi and iZ-- n. irrwu Pres. W. G. Smith. Bishonfr rt 1 "iu VWICl brethren attended, "the routings. Seven meetings were held in" tii three days we were The sisters of the County have a granary nearly completed, built of concrete, with shingled roof; it is 18 x 22 feet in the clear. They have been very energetic to get so much done, 41 . anrl nf hop c i c r nh d tt talrtx int.w.n ample of industry and., economy. While we ab-sen- HOME AFFAIRS. aies bohferece at other towns fn Sevier County Riehfield,and They . wefe absent ten days and held' twenty meetings, all well attended. The brethren and sisters received them and no doubt ap. ' joyfly predated their wfse and excellent counsel and instruction. We return our sincere thanks to the little girtet Chester, for the beautiful wreath of hair rrom-Tfre wreath contains a '' hair from the head of each of the officers and members of the Primary Association; nicely arranged, and the colors artistically blended. It will be a handsome ortament for the J last annual meeting; jBt. Ellis IShtypr a short and very appropriate speacli and read an original poem, Miss Amy. "Penrose recited "The Little Hero" in a m6st pleasing" manner -An interesting essay by, Coun. Lil'lie' Freeze was read, each of the lady visitors made remarks of a very instructive and encouraging nature, to inspire all with greater diligence fa the spiritual progress of woman. At the dose of the meeting the assembly repaired to the adjoining room and ' partook of refreshments nicely arranged Iby a committee of young ladies. Thus closed another of our, delightful reunions! feflie with the wort of h MnP. Counselor J. H. Felt, Sisters I. Horne S. M. S. M. Kimball ' H ? Taylor, Haywood, King, E. Howard and 0, C.. Cannon. Pfes 'M Freeze announced a short programme and the ex ercises began with reading the o minutes ofth ?ete portunity of casting their, vot4 pie's Party may be faithfully represented by both sexes. Show by good works that the ballot is not lightly held, or ignorantly handled. Study to become better informed upon all the subjects of law and government, that the influence of. woman may at all times and in all places be that which will tell for ' good; that men may seek women for counsel, and mutual benefit and social and political elevation be the ultimate result of woman's political emancipation. Sister E. R. Snow and S, ?y VisitttenJ W eT ; -- Rft ier H 'CieiJi ' Ifl rhpr was a select On Mondnr. Cicick gathering'' of : invited." guestsi'aU' 'ladies.? at the . 