The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. THE WOMEN OF UTAH. The "Woman's Bill havlnar failed to become a law for lack of the Governor's signature, the women of IT tab still deem It proper to return their t banks to the members of the late. Legislature, who so ably advocated their cause and through whose efforts "The Woman's Bill" passed both houses. - The Women of rjtahl God bless them, Are often accounted as fools; But they kneel not to those who oppress them, And they scorn to be handled as tools. We thank youOh wise legislators, For the right you upon us conferr'd; s Twould be courtesy p'rhaps, to say favor-B- ut Justice or right is the word. We thank you, although oar petitions For a time may be laid on the shelves; Tou have tried to Improve our condition, And have truly exalted yourselves. "Life Is real life is earnest" said the poet which is all very true, and should be duly appreciated, but nevertheless, we must have a yien of humor to relieve the constant strain of duties, cares and burdens that necessarily cast a sombre shade over life's path-waand were it not that somo happy incident, trivial Iii itself, yet ludicrous, occurs now and then, wo might get long.faced and sterotyped, in view of the That the women of Utah are true. y, Are true to their God and their conscience, .To their husbands and children as well; Tbey will always be true to their country If their country won't make them rebel. great responsibilities that attend our daily lives. Tbey care not for public opinion, Or place, but they care for the right; They will trespass on no man's dominion. Nor, perhaps, will accept what tbey might. We hear of the noble and true msn, . Of the hardy and bold pioneers; : women I'll sing of the brave-heartWho brightened those wearisome years. well-bein- -- ed They may not be handsome as fairies, For, endqrance all lty doth test But they .footed the broad, pathless prairies, To build up a home in the West.' . God-rnspir- ed true-hearte- Have suffered In liberty's cause; ;l Tbey not only deserve, local Justioe, "But tbeyf re worthy the nation'a applause. ' i contend that the women'of Utah, " 'Deserve from the nation a fee; ; .For, helping to btiild, up. a country, be. will - . . the pride of the nation That ...... .. ; ,v , ....... J IK " illver-veinmountains, , In our gold and our and new; exbaustless treasures, :Are Our streams, f rom tbelr pure crystal fountains , Flow sparkling and fresh as the deif. This truly, magnificent basin t y , , 'Tfieealtof. the earth" shall oontain; To our treasure girt vafcs men will hasten, ' Our silver and gold to obtain.' : They will come for our wonderf ul waters, For scenes most superb and subHae; ;' ; They wlil come with their sons and their daughters MTboarheaJthful and beantlful clime; ,.: . ed u i : , " , ' ? 1 A little nonsense now and then, Is relished by the best of men." What to tbem was the style or the fashion? Though In beauty all women delight; passion This alone was their The hUDger for freedom and right. d, women oflUtah Yes, the J. - g well-timed- , ,,,., . ; : And woman too,' I should have added had I written It, for women really do stand in need of something to brighten their toil and' monotony In the midst of domestic cares; and often,though perhaps 'Iought not to tell It the call of a cheerful friend who come's with gossip only, Is hailed with Joy as a sort of temporary1 reHef. I confess a weakness for funny people, those who always have an "answer ready on every occasion,w)iatever theiquestionmay beyarid who possess the charming faculty of making people laugh whether they will, or no. Kind readers you may think5 theW Is very l(ltle sound philosophy Ik this ort of thin g, IratT assure you on my honor, as a Is true philosophy and I woman, that it can prove It too,that Is to my satisfaction. I always had a" sort of admiration for people who could say very funny things; and when I was a child, and everything about the house was very prim and precise after the old Puritanic style, where nothing must be put out of place, I would hie me as-we- ,5 : deep-thirikepjSober-sta- . ; 1 We want humor in all the departments of life; counselors, men and women of Impassioned eloquence and sound judgment are all good and essential to the of eomunnities, but after all, if wit, humor and the comic is interspersed, then the seasoning is furnished and the different varieties garnished, which is quite as necessary, to make things pala. table as the more substantial. Who pray tell me does not like a good joke, (at some one else's expense?) Who does hot enjoy a sharp critticism And who indeed does not like to Indulge now and then In Innocent mirth? They are generous as brave, never doubt them, They can all things endure when they try; There is only this drawback about them . If they suffer, they want to know why. :i tell-tal- BY BLANCHE BEECHWOOD, We contend not for honor or credit, For Justice will give us the two; 'Tls the truth, though a woman has said it, To bnlld tip the desolate places, ; ... , Where scarcely a white man bad trod; They lived not to study the graces, But to work, and to worship their God. away to the fields to break the restraint, and talk to myself in the grand, old woods, where my merry childish tones were reechoed again and again, in richer melody, and something seemed 1q. ..whisper to me ever so softly, from the tops of the tall, pine trees; Bhall I tell you what .it said? Well, yes. Sometimes it said "bo happy while the' sun shine3 and the birds carol, and all nature is gay and smiling." And I felt sure the daisies Inard it top, for they nodded back sweetly, and the proud HHes blushed redder than ever, and the babbling" e brook echoed it merrily, as it danced gleefully along skipping laughingly ! over the sparklingpebble and shining sands I have often thought how nice it would be to have some of the Irish people with their native wit and real genuine humor'. scattered hero. and there just; to. brighten ; things up generally. And now for a little philosophy; I might tell you some anecdotes by way of illustration but will forbear this time and only give a little experience of my own. When we were traveling across the plains, journeying to these ''happy valleys" we . had with us a good old fashioned Welsh woman ; whom we all designated ."grandma" and she kept us In almost perpetual good humor with her. comical jokes1 and fun. No matter how serious the obstacles were in our way, she could always see the funny side of everything, and many a time she has made me 'laugh when I was about to' crythereby hot only making things more pleasant and easier to bear, but saving me from many a nervous head ache;; 1 ofteri : remarked she was the life of the company for she never seemed, at a loss for a joke,.' and possessed that peculiar taut which kept her from ever giving any offence, however close home' her witticisms come. What a dry, prosy world this would bo without any of the freshness and vivacity of merry people; and one would always rather laugh than cry if possible.'! It is better to be goodnatured or gay than to pull a long face and make one's self ami friends 1 miserable. There are troubles, trials and difficulties enough without courting gloom, ; and so we say "be happy"' and try to make others so, and cultivate' the1 raro gift of ' giving pleasures to others innocently. ; Writing eparkilng, wUty,briIIiant articles mlgHtbe the' means of diiruhg happiness, , and a story tliat will make you. laughVand , at the slime time has a good moral Is worth much4 more thaii'a ehsaUdEal; or Ia'ca- daisical oner "Public ; speakers often3 !make strong impressions 'by funny ''anecdotes ' which engravd ,'the ideas :1 they ,'wisri' .'to' u puu i no. m mu , ana mi3 recalls to y my recollecti6nioneiiin'nyJ,little Mory,whch" being a Woman I would' like to tell. 'It ia 'i the'stoo'Of a peddler and a, millerrs 'wife.'r "The ihiUeFueti1 to ieb force np6n his: ; wife the doctrine th'flit;men; al Ways ne w 'better ' what was; good for .women,'" than women ; could know ibr themselves: ahd so'tho poor" woman w;henover' the peddler, came.' to the door, took'all the goods he ured'upbn her, because she' was only a womab, acid ke was a man aho! knew .Iest: ' The miller had to" pay the bill:' unfortunately he did not seo . that it was only the fulfillment of' hid own ' , . 4 They wilt come from the uttermost nations, As declared by the Prophets of old; They will come here for life and salvation, And for peace, that is better than gold. We know that the Grandest Designer Reserved for His people this place. But we'll welcome the brave, honest miner, And the good and the true of our race. That the Mormons developed this country, And thus helped the nation, all know; And half of this debt to the women Of Utah the nation must owe. But our case has so sorely perplex'd them. We will cancel their debt and atone. Alas! we have married and vexed them. But wo fancied the grief was our own. The women of Utah! God bless them! Are often accounted as fools; But they kneel not to those who oppress them, And they scorn to be handled as tools. Emily Hill Woqdmaksee. Salt Lake City, Feb., 18Sa. WITTY PEOPLE. 'Tls true that the Women ef Utah Deserve something handsome from men; And not as a gift should we take it, We have earned it, again and again. Yet we perfectly know that full Justice For women is hard to obtainr-We'- ve bad pity enough to disgust us, But justice is all that we claim. . No. 20. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 15, 1880. Vol. 8. ll, , : ! aocirme." " . ;" i; . f. 