98 LIFE INCIDENTS. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. which my father refers to, of my disobedience, or carelessness, and my deep repentance. I was then but I remember the circumstance the first sad lesson which I remember of learning by exand perience. I was playing under the table, the until hardly realized what I was doing leaf fell with the dishes, when I was My brother, who was older than a little child, and this was almost horror-stricke- n. myself, solemnly, though needlessly, reminded me of what I might expect. I had been taught that there was a higher power, and I went and cried to God to forgive me and to soften my mother's heart, that she might not punish me; and that simple prayer was heard and answered, which greatly increased my faith in Him. I often think, could we always be obedient, or even willing to repent and humble ourselves like a little child, how much less sorrow and suffering we would have in this life; but how prone we are to wander from the path which is marked out by a kind and merciful Father. ""Experience is a hard, but a profitable schoolmaster." I am often reminded of some of my father's sayings and comparisons which he was accustomed to use when preaching on the stand, or in the chimney corner to his family or friends who might happen to be visiting them. The following will no doubt sound familiar to many more beside myself: "We are all sons and daughters of God, and He desires to save and exalt us; but He has ,a rod prepared for the disobedient and rebellious, and the farther we go from him the more keenly we will feel the lash, and the end of it will cut the deepest; but the nearer we are to Him, the less it will hurt us. And for this reason I want to keep up as near to Him as possible." Often he would turn to me with a sly twinkle and say, "Here's Helen, she had to be whipt into obedience;" and I always admitted it, saying: "Yes; whom He loveth He chasteneth;" when he would burst out into one of his peculiar laughs. According to my father's record, the 14th day of February, 1835, was the day appointed for choosing the Twelve Apostles; it was far from his expectation that he would be one of the number. He says: "Sunday morning, April 5. The Twelve had.' not all as yet been together, and as the time drew near that we should travel to the East, we appointed this day to bear our testimony unto our brethren and friends. We were all assembled together, with the exception of Brother Orson Pratt, who had not yet been with us. At the time we were praying and wishing for his arrival, while opening the meeting, he entered the house, and we rejoiced at his presence, and thanked the Lord for it. He was then ordained, and we proceeded to speak according to our ages. This day Brothers Thomas B. Marsh, David W. Patten, Brig-haYoung and Heber C. Kimball spoke. Sunday, 12th, Brothers Orson Hyde, William E. McLellen, Luke Johnson and Parley P. Pratt spoke. Sunday, 19th, Brothers William Smith, Orson Pratt, John F. Boynton and Lyman E. Johnson spoke, closing the testimony of the Twelve Apostles to the people in Kirt-lan- d at that time. Sunday, 26th, we received our charge from Joseph Smith the Prophet." The following is a sketch of the first mission taken by the Twelve Apostles. My father says: "May 3d we bade our brethren farewell, and on the morning of the 4th we started and m proceeded to Fairport, where we arrived precisely at six o'clock. A boat was there, as Brother Joseph had predicted, on which we ambarked for Dunkirk, where w arrived tht same day, at four o'clock in the afternoon. The next morning we got together and divided on" two by two. Brother William Smith and miles myself,. went to Casadagua, about twelve Morefrom Fredonia, and put up at Harry house's. Held two meetings, giving them a fair proclamation of the Gospel and the Book of Mormon, and there was no opposition From thence we went to Westfield, where we met the remainder of our quorum, and on Satthe urday, the 9th, we met in Conference with also Elders of this branch of the Church, and those at the little branch at Savonia, who were called upon by Thomas B. Marsh, our presiding -- Elder, to represent to us the standing of the brethren. We had public preaching on MonSunday, and continued our council on day; we had a good time, and thirteen were baptized. I started from Westfield on Tuesday, the 12th, in company with Elder John F. Boynton, to preach our way through to the Freedan Conference. We passed through Lodi and put up at Brother Murdock's; my feet were so blistered I could not wear my boots, nor proceed without. "We arrived at Freedan ,Cataraugus County, and assembled on the 22d of May in Conference. From hence I traveled in company with Elder 0. Hyde to Pike Hollow, where resided many of my wife's relatives, appointed a meeting and preached twice, baptized three; and the Lord was with us. We then proceeded to the town of Mendon, the place or my former residence; we preached twice, many came out to hear. On Monday we went to Squire Rogers', where Elder Fulton, a Baptist priest, came to see us, who treated us very abruptly, denying the spirit of prophecy and the gifts of the Gospel; he called us false prophets, and rejecting our testimony he advised us to go home. "We declared unto Mm that we should not go home, but should go forth preaching the Gospel, and no power should stay us; for the Lord had committed unto us a dispensation, and wo unto us if we preached not the Gospel of Christ. I told him if he did not repent of his sins, and be baptized for the remission of them, he would be damned; which made him mad. "We then passed on until we came to a pure stream of water, and there cleansed our feet bearing testimony against him, as the Lord commanded. June 6th met our brethren, the Twelve Apostles, in Conference at Lyonstown, Wayne County. It was my turn to preside, as we had been appointed to preside according to our ages, by the Prophet, and the Lord blessed us. "June 8th I started with Bro. Luke Johnson for Pillow Point, preaching on the way. In the town of Rose we were cordially received, and bore our testimony to the people. May the Lord bless them! In Hewton, about twelve miles west of Oswego, we could find no entertainment, but were rejected from twelve houses; the inmates were all Methodists. May the Lord reward them according to their works. About twelve o'clock at night we put up at an Inn, and retired without any supper, as we had only one shilling, just enough to pay our lodging. The next morning we arose and traveled six miles before we could get any breakfast, and came to a magistrate by the name of who rave out an appointment for a meeting on Wednesday, at 6 p m.; We had a house full. Next day they wanted another meeting, and we preached again, and some believed. When we left there our host and his family bade us God speed, and gave us money; and David Els worth's wife washed and mended our clothes. We could not have been treated with more kindness in our father'i housefwe blessed them in the name of the Lord, and went on our way rejoicing, whii they wept at - Els-wort- h, our departure. About one year after this whole family embraced the Gosnel. the "While at Sackett's Harbor, I received a letter from my wife informing me of the birth of ray son Heber Parley, on the occasion ,,f which Brother P. P. Pratt composed a poem. - To be Continued. I .1 ; . ! A SURPRISE PARTY. On Tuesday morning, October 26, about persons assembled at the residence of Slater Phebe Brown Fife, in recognition of their affection and respect for her. The company consisted of the Relief Society of the Third Ward, Ogden City, and a few of her particular friends,brethren and sisters. After congratula-tions,ana hearty welcome expressed by our respected sister, the guests sat down to a bountiful repast; after which songs were sung, an address was read by its author, and remarks were then made by the brethren and a fe sisters, treating on the many good qualities of our sister, asking God to keep her in his care. We then adjoumedfeeling a few hours were pleasantly and profitably spent. sev-ent- y -- d The Address. An address to Sister Phobe Brown Fife, written by Sister Lucretia B. Farr in behalf of the Relief Society of the Third Ward, previous to her departure to the Southern country. Dear Sister We, as a Relief Society, in a weak way, wish to show our appreciation of your great goodness as a member of our society, as well as all other good qualities that we realize you are endowed with. Words fail to express the deep regret we feel in parting with you; we would it war otherwise, but as calls we must subscribe, trusting all duty . 11 i things are lor good. VY e snail miss you m our circle, tor we Know you nave Deen an acuve worker with us, never shrinking from any poor, duty called on to perform, kind to the sickness in relieve the to distressed, ever ready and death none could excel. And as we now realize that we must separate, we all, with on be accord, say, may God bless you, may peace with you, may his spirit ever be around you to comfort you; jf dark clouds surround you. and may He ever be with you to assist you, in the may poverty and want never stare you face, but on the contrary, may plenty crown sacrifice your labors, and eventually may thi3 prove a blessing to yourself, your companion, con- your children, and all who are intimately nected with you, and may we be consoled by this one thought, that our loss may prove your great gain; and although separated so many miles away, may we not forget each other, our our religion nor our God; and if we never meet again on earth, may we so live that we never may meet in heaven, where parting is known, is the sincere wrish of your sisters. m m w We meet In this lone Tale of tears, Bat only meet to part; Then why should friendship's sacred cord Entwine around the heart? Say why should kindred souls ere meet, And not together dwell? Why cast we but a transient gaze On those we lore so well But yet we say, forget us not, Though here no longer seen; Though forest tall, and prairies wide, And waters roll between. Though few and fleeting are the hours Together we hare known, Yet still we say, remember us Before our Father'i throne. Dinah M. White, Pres't. Lucretia B. Farr, Secy. ' r . J r t j ; 