HOME AFFAIRS. THE' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. We have several times requested our Editor. to Salt Lake City, Utah fenua; One eopy one year, $3.00; one copy alx m onth Ten copies for, th price of nine. Adrertisin 1.00 on rates; . Each square, tea linea of nonpareil apace, A liberal discount t time, 12.00: per month 3.00. I'BbllBhed semi-monthl- y, regular advertiser. . the Council Exponent Office, Lower West Room of hour Business, noue, South Temple Stieet. from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. crery day except Sunday. .tlx f - AAMMitilAAnAn TA Publisher Womah's EiPomraT, Salt Lake City, Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE . 1, 1880. THE BIRTHDAY OF BRIG HAM YOUNG. June, flowery June, the month of roses and of bloom. The first day of this pleasant month should be specially endeared to this people, being the anniversary of the birth of their beloved prophet and illustrious, former leader Brigham Young, ills name will be held in honored remembrance down to the latest generation, associated with the peculiar exigencies of the Saints in the mobbings and drivings they have fcufrorh In the exodus from Nauvoo heenaeted well the part of a modern Moses, leading this people out from bondage and . ana pioneering them into inv iieu and the Great American Desert, founding the a UtaKi of renwWabIenroun6ryo?" Territory wliich the half is not yet known; and whose future history will nodoubt develop that which will reflect greater glory upon its founders, both mcji and women, than has as yet been been accorded to them. They may yet be recognized, as the London Times once called them, "a naop-pre5f- tion of heroes." The memory of this heroic man should lekem fresh in the hearts of the children now crowing up in Zion. They should become acquainted with his great and strong characteristics, that were so apparent to all who knew him,even those who. did not believe in the principles he had embraced, and to which he devoted his life, and his energies. His determination, his untiring zeal, his great forethought and caution, were H ' brought to lear with admirable forc m the life. Mork in which he so, aaently succeeded. He jososNoa the true genius of a man born to lead, and was therefore a fit instrument in the hands of the Almighty to bring his people up into the valleys of the mountains, that they might there raine an ensign to the nations ac- ording to the Prophet Isaiah. The Saints will ever cherish his memand teach' their children to em oryulate his greatness. President Young always had something practical to Fay to mothers, in regard to their'lifeand health, and the care and training of their children. Hq seemed to enter 4nto the smallest details of every day life and appreciate trifles as perfectly as the greater and more important questions with which he had to deal. He possessed the greatest versatility and adaptability of character of any man we have ever known. Ho was greatly and sinbeloved cerely by the Saints, and as strongly hated by his enemies, or the opposers of the work in which be was ardently and devoutly interested and earnestly engaged. Blessed be the memory of this great, good and wise man. Let us all strive to follow.,! n the path he trod, and be as true to the principles of salvation, and aa zealous to obey them, unto death as he was. ing the course the moav complete ever offered to musical students, and guaranteeing the greats est advancement m ine snoi time. The course will continue eight weeks &u consist of forty lessons in each branch. Terms: Instrumental music on Piano w Or gan, forty lessons with theory, $15.00; Votal Culture, solo and chorus singing, $3.00. Pupils admitted for one half the course at the same rates. Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, : contrib- utors to be sure and write oh one side of the paper writes for. only. This is a rule every one who the press should understand and observe. fraMrs. Ann Wheeler presented us with a. for tha office, for grant bouquet of wild flowers wnich we tender our sincere thanks, more espetime to ramble cially as T9 have not the leisure over the hills to gather them, wh'ieh we should very much like to do. A. fippAT manv leadine suffrage women have from all parts of the United gathered at Chicago a tiia rrisidp'TitiJil convention nd urtre the claims of women citizens to a voic in the selection of their own rulers. They are as pretty sure to 'do some good, strong wore, they most certainly have the requisite executive success to the ability in their ranks. We say women citizens. We have been requested by Mrs. M. Isabella Home, President of the Relief Societies of the Rnlr. lake Stake of Zion, to ask the secretaries of all the branches of Relief Society in this Coun- ty to furnish and forward a dennite ana iun statistical account of their respective Society for t.hA sisters Quarterly Conference, to be held about the 21st of this month. Be particular to state tlie number or omcers anu memuers, w uw reSecretary of the Stake wishes to make a full Any business port for the Stake Conference. transactions should also be clearly reported. Be sure and send in the reports at any early date, all directea ar nf this Office. Tjie WomAKExponext"" has now entered We regret we could not upon its hintn bring out the. first number in its new arras, Vmi ere long we hope it will make a more pleasing appearance We would respectfully urge. the sisters who are interested in advancing the inte rests and promoting the welfare of the women of this kingdom to use their influence for the a "wldeFcirculation of the Expo5ENT.-On-ly take it. whereas it. shnnM h in every home of the Saints where there are mothers or daughters. It is really a woman's paper and is in a certain sens the written history of Mormon women, their life, work and labors. Sisters, subscribe for your own paper, and thus help to sustain it. The new silk factory, situated on City Creek, just, this side the residence of Dr. J. R. Fark, is now nearly completed. The building is of brick, with a good, substantial rock foundation; the largest room where the machinery will be put up, is 21 feet by 18 feet, and has four large windows, and the ceiling is 10 feet high. The smaller' room, intended for reeling purposes, is 6 feet by 18 feet, and will accommodate two reels and two persons at each reel. The- building is well ven tilated. The machinery is on the premises" and will bo properly put up next 'wee. Thor i a seem to good water power, and the water-wheebe well built and strong. Around the factory on the grounds, 460 mulberry trees have been put in, some of them quite a good size. The space will admit of 800 trees. , - Director. OBITUARIES. Died, in Tooele City, of diphtheria, May 12, 1880, Mary Ann Spiers, beloved daughter of George and Janet Spiers, and granddaughter of John.Lyon, of Salt Lake City, aged 18 years, 4 months and 28 days. ihYoSEsj. Ann y. " . fevy-comparativel- y. -- - ls SUMMER MUSIC SCHOOL. , In memory of our much respected and beloved sister, who has been removed from our midst by the hand of our Heavenly Father, who giveth and taketh away at his own will and pleasure, we desire to say she was much bsloved and respected by all who knew her; she was a counselor in the Y. L. M. I. Association and a teacher in the Sunday School. r Be it Resolved, That the members of the Association deeply mourn her loss and sympathize with the bereaved parents, relatives and friends in the loss of so good and esteemed a friend and beloved daughter. JZesolved, That these resolutions be given to the parents of the deceased and be recorded in our General R ecord Book and also furnished for publication in . On the 21st of June, Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson will open a special course in vocal and ins t rumen tal music, in the Utah Conservatory of Mu sic, for the benefit of those who cannot devote much time to these studies during the regular : school year. Daily private lessons will be given on Piano or Urgan, and daily classes held In musical theory, my, note reading and vpiw culture, niak TATE. Departed this life on the 3d inst., in Beaver, our beloved sister Jane Neyman, after a severe illnes of three weeks, caused by a paraly tic stroke on the left side, assrravated by a fall in attempt her bed, which bruised her and .. ing "to rise-frocaused great soreness.. Deceased was born In v es tmoreiana uoun ly , i e n u y i vu ma, oep wm eh uWacea the gospel in 1838; 2it, i7oa. came to Nauvoo in the year 1840, where she buried her companion, a good, faithful man, true to his family and his religion. She married the second time a brother, Fisher, attended him faithfully through! a lingering illness; he died, and four other' members of her family in one year.- To relate her sufferings in poverty and persecution would occupy too much space here, but the Prophet Joseph Smith was herv4invary-in- g friend; he rebuked those who falsely slandered her; her calling was to"nurse the sick, and faithfully did she discharge that duty. She crossed the plains at the time when the cholera raged fearfully in the camp, and many were buried by the wayside. Mother Neyman shrank not from the hazardous task of administering to the victims of that disease, both temporally and spiritually, believing that if. she did all in her power to save others, the Lord would spare her, and thus it proved. She lived to do good, to wash anoint and nurse hundreds of her sex, to soothe and comfort their hearts, to which office she was set apart by the. holy priesthood, and in many instances, through het faith, .was' the power of God manifested in a marvelous manner. ine writer. Knew, ner mumatejy ror more man thirty years, and never did I know of her wavering in her faith in regard to one single ordinMother ance, or principle in, this kingdom. Neyman was President of the Belief Society of Beaver in . its first organization; was a wise counselor, untiring In her efforts to relieve the wants of the needy; being aged when the business of the Society had greatly increased, she office to one younger and" chogq ta migO-h- er - ; 