W 0 M AN'S EX P ON E N T . 188 THE WOMAN'S i communicitian EXPONENT. Editor. In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: One eopj one year, $2.00; one copy six months, Pablished Bend-monthl- y, Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates; Each square, tea lines of nonpareil space, one time, $3.00; per month, $3.00. A literal discount to : regular adrertlsers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council Business hours nouee, Son th Temple Sheet. from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday. Address all baalness communications to 1.00 rubllsher Womak's Expowkttt, Salt Lake City, Utah. SALT JjAKE CITY, MAY 15, 18S0. OUR LITTLE PJlPER. - It is Dot at all Drettv: in fact it is exceedintrlv phln in its appearance. But remember its dress is home manufacture paper. It is often grumbled about for its want of beauty, but it Is patiently enduring it all for the ske of principle. Practising what it preaches. But joking aside, there never was a time siaca the publication of the Woman's Exponent, that it was so widely and truly appreciated, we think, as during the present year, We are in receipt of let'ers frpm saveral parts of the United States, England, the Bind wieh Islands, New Zealand, Australia and the East Indies as well as various pat ts of this Territory testifying to the g;oJ influence of this little pr per wherever It is circulated. The influence of woman upon eociety is universally acknowIedged,but s jmehow the world has been very doubtful of women's papers, whether their educational influence for good would predominate. Women tire now giving practical proof to this regard fur their papers are being circulated far and wide, treating on all the variety of subjects in which the world at lar&e are interested. Newspaper i may be made adaptable to the various canditions of peopleB,and educational upon all questions that agitate the public mind from time to time, in- deed such should be the aim. Waat would the world of mankind be without newspapers; and -- still further what would it be without woman's publication.? Women have boen considered only capable of novel writing, or. exceptional women perchance now and then classed as poets, and a few more a? ihymists,. but now how different things are. Women edit and publish papers themselves and assist in the editorial department of those edited and published by men. And it has actuallv come to pass that a woman stands to day at the head of the cla8s,the greatestnovel wilter of the in her style and unique in her philosophy of men and nature. But that is neither htr nor there except It is a stroug point giined in the causa .tf woman's Intellectual equality The Exponent has been instrumental in removing 'much of tie pnj. id ice which has existed in regard to the condition of women in this Church. Through its. columns'" old ani youeg have spaken to the world, as they could not have done'iu any other way; giving frte expression to thtir views and feelings in a simple and untrammelled manner that could not fall to give evidence of their liberty of thought and action, and. their religious sincerity- , They have aUo toll the storyof their own hardships and persecutions suffered in consequence of the bigotry and superstition that is always opposed to the dawn of new light. The women of Utah need this channel of age-Origin- the-Bister- with-eachlot- her -a- nd-their sisters in the world, and they should exert ithemselves to, sustain the paper and improve it by able contributions to its columns until it attains a dignity and solidity proportionate to the position they occupy as women of God. We trust that in the near future It may be so improved in its typographical appearance as to recommend itself more favorably to its reader. We entreat the sisters throughout the TerrK tory and especially thoKe interested in the yari ous women's organizations to use their utmost influence to extend its circulation. Would it were possible, to get' at least five hundred (a very modest figure indeed) new subscribers to volume nine. Our sisters ought, at least to be able to keep up one journal exclusively for their own beneflt,when the brethren1" maintain so many publications. Let every mother make up her mind to take it, she certainly needs itand4he money will not be missedr Women who are raiding families should devote a small portion of time each day to reading, and becom familiar with the doings of the times in which they are living, what other women are doing, and not narrow down to their own little household and know nothing of the great, busy, bustling, growing world around them,aiid into which their children are to be ushered. What would have been known even here in Utah of the public work the sisters have done, nd are doing, had it not been for the Woman's Exponent. In the households of. the saints it is like a with whom they have grown pleasant familiar, aLd elsewhere ft carries glad tiidnga of the Gospel of salvatio n. fri-n- d the bayonet and compelled to sign a dead o tiuat, transferring all pur property to defray the expenses of the war made on us by the State of Missouii. This was very cheerfully complied with because we could not help ourselves. When we walked up to sign the deeds of trust to pay those assassins for murdering our brethren and sisters and theirchildrenirobbfng us of our jgjds and possessions and all we had on earth and 'other such like services they expected to see us cast down and sorrowful; but I testify as an eye witness that the brethren rejoiced and praised the LorTtaklng Joyfully the despoiling of their good, There were judges anil magistrates, Methodists, Presbyterians,Camp-bellte- s and other sectarian priests stood by and saw all the goings on, exulting over us,and it seemed to make them more angry that we bore our misfortune eo cheerfully. Said Judge Cameron with an oathc,eee those d -- d creatures laugh and kick up their heels, they are whipped but not conquered.' For meto undertake to write what I saw and felt I have not the ability to do it, but I will let eternity the scenes of those days. I can say before God and angels, heaven and earth that I am Innocent of violating any law of the State of Missouri, and my brethern are as pure and clean as I am, true to their God and their country and as Jesus said with the measure they meted to tne Latter-daSaints it shall be measured to them again or upon all those who consented to it, running over arid pressed down, and as the Lord God Almighty liveth I shall live to see it come' to pass," Missouri suffered all that at the time of the warbetween the north and south, and one week ago that state and a portion of Illinois was visited by a terrible cyclone which swept whole towns and villages and men, women and children destroying everything before it. We scarcely take up a paper that has not some frightful account of deaths by cyclones, fires, railroad accidents, earthquakes, floods, the sea heaving beyond Its bounds, famines, and also pestilence which is more terrible than all the jest and when I think of the good and the innocent who must suffer with the wicked, my heart pains me and these things we know have ' scarcely began. It is forty years or more since the Latter-daSaints were driven from their ;homfes in tne State of Missouri, and although I was quite young those scenes are fresh in my memory. well remember the night that the Prophet and others of the brethren gave themselves up to save the rest of us from being massacred, which the mob, numbering about 7,000, had threatened to do. Afterthe brethren had delivered up their weapons, the mob surrounded g the city and commenced plundring, and horrible outrages upon some of the helpless women, the brethren being prisoners. Our house being on theoatsklrts, pay - mother took her children and went1 Into trie heart of the city to stay all night with Sister Mary Smith, who was lying elck, but previous to going there we called on the widow of David Patten, who6 had been killed but a few days before. I can never forget her fearless and determined look. A round her waist was a belt She to Which was attached a large bowie-knif' kettle had a fire in her stove and a ;large iron full o'fbpiiing water, and a big Hin1 dipper in her band intending, she said, to r'figfitTf,aDy of the dWbns.came there. Sb!e dld'ot seem in the least exclte'dher countenance was perfectly calm and she sbed.no tears, 'ith'e fountains seemed to have dried up and she only thought of avenging the blood of her husband. The parting scene between ;Hyrum Smith and his family was heartrending. He was -- reveal y four-fol- d, a-w- EARLY REMINISCENCES, BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. This has been proclaimed as a year of jubilee to the Latter-da- y Saints and I truly rejoice that I hav3 had the privilege of being numbered with those who have come up through much tribulation nd gained a knowledge for myself that this ia the work of God which neither wealth nor wtrldly hoLOrs could tempt me to part with. This is a world of sorrow aud disappointment. Life and every thing here is uncertain, but beyond is eternal life and exaltaSaints tion. The experience of the Litter-daduring the past fifty years has disciplined and prepared them in a measure for the great and wonderful changes which are coming, while those who know not God are groping as it were in midnight darkness. The blessings enjoyed by us in these peaceful vales are very great and I think that we can well affurd to be looked down upon and hated, for, we know itiat the time has came for the Lord to favor Zion. We no longer walk by faith, alone, but by Right. In the midst of the greatest persecutions and trials that the Haints have teen subjected to, they have hid that to comfort and sus'ain them which the outsiJe orld cannot understand, and when drivings, burniDgs,whippiogs and other cruelties were iLflicted upon them, the ttuir spirits would have fainted had Lord: through the. Prophet Joseph told them that in due time He would come out in swift judgment against their enemiep, who should be cut ell' torn before Him and in his own due time He wpuld bear the Saints ofl conquerors in all things. In their sublime faith they trusted In his promises, and I can testify that I have. witueesed during those scenes the greatest calmLess and patience and they even rejoiced in ine midst of their afflictions. As an example, I copy a few lines from my father's journal " We were brought np at the point of y nt "1 y J , com-mitin- -- e. : ay 