i -- II WOMAN'S EXP ONE NT. J58 i , two years and one month, the sod of Joseph A. and Josephine Richards West. Willard was a D'rightprom&Ing and interesting chi!t In nil respect; and was the darling of the household. A blow such as this seems for a lime to cmsh the Jlgbt but of the'hearts ''of those who have entwined their anectiona so fondly rduud the cherished one, and the borne Is darkened and sorrow keeps a constant vigil. But the bruised fepJrit gradually recoTers,8rjd the precious light of the holy Gospel brings a heavenly peace and ah Invlgoratlog. power .healing the wounds nd the loved ones whicii death, inflicts; departed are associated ,in the mind as a part of the beautiful past, atd linked with that eternal home in the future,which is f acred and dear to Baint. eyery Latter-da- y Your, darjlng lives and will be waiting to welcome bis parents and beloved ones at , the gates of. the holy city, on that eternal shore nor where there is no more pain, nor grief, ' : pari ing forever. , ' Within the eternal home Ite Hrei aaraln, Freed from tha toiU of earth Hi grief and pain, lie roams Elysian fields on that fair shore Where pain and sorrow never ent er more. CONVERSATION. BY HANNAH T. KING, (CONTINUED.) I gather up the dropped threads ... of my last writing, feeling I have a little more to say on the subject. I do not mean to assert that conversation should be studied as an art. It is not the most (earned, either, that excel in this most desirable giftT-fgift it is though like all others It requires cultivation. It is tact, not talent, and a healthy, bright and intelligent mind, that bestows the material out of which the agreeable speaker is made. It is very desirable, because it is a medium of doing much good, and conferring actual happiness. It should not be reserved entirely for company, or casual, visitors, but should be the attendant in the family circle, and around the home fireside, as a means of drawing ail together and calling out the mind of each member of that most delightful circle, of parents, brothers, sisters, friends! By such an interchange of thought, the vexations and petty cares of daily life may be dispersed, and peace and cheerfulness take their place. It is an imperative duty to make the home evenings, so agreeable that every member feels drawn imperceptibly, as into a magnetic circle, to spend his evenings' at homo. Husbands and sons should be able to find those evenings at home the mo?t agreeable place. to them; many. a husband has relinquished his "club," or some olher resort that he has been accustomed to attend, when he has discovered that 'there is no place like home" made so agreeable ly the bright, kind spirits that assemble there, waiting to make a delightful evening after the turmoil of the day; that in the evening at least there shall be "white momenta" in which to bask, as in the sun. shine of the soul .. The boys of the 1 would especially recommend to thefamily consideration of the same circle; gather-theInto that circle with love and and let some of the conversation gentleness, be made particularly agreeable to them some nautical historical fact, or some grand military exploit, where all were more or less heroes, or somojcrand deed that exalted human nature and made life glorious. Tell them of the living characters who, as boys liko them, have entered life many of them Without homo or friends, but bravely they . or -- m fought their way, stood to the "wheel" to which, like many a"steersman,"ihey have had to be 'flashed" to preserve them from being washed overboard; and then show . the reward- - how they conquered and became the magnates of the ago they lived in; and not only for an age, "but for all time." You will see the boys' eyes sparkle, all the nobility in them will be roused; in idea they are helping those men Jo fight their battles. They drink into the spirit of labor and heroism, and they carry this, with them as a seed sown in the mind, till it becomes a tree, under whose branches they will in time take shelter, and find refuge from the storms Of life, like the heroes they have contemplated and desired to imitate. Girls also should certainly not be forgotten; they also must have their grand living prototypes set before them women who have made their mark in the world, "not for an age, but for all time." Here is an ample field for conversation. Cheerfulness and playfulness should sver preside over these home conversations; delightful teachers are always playful and attractive, whether in the parlor or the schoolroom. Religion, morals aud manners, when always presented in gloomy robes and lung laces, repel and drive away the gay and buoyant spirit ol youth. Wisdom; is made fascinatv ing when she enunciates her words in a sweet and pleasant voice and a manner that shall win and attach her hearers. How lov ingly we recall the voice and the words gone thafc, had this genial, influence over us! and the longer we live and "the more experience we have, the more we see and understand the goodness of words and teachings conveyed to us by such a medium. It is not by long conversations that instruction is necessarily conveyed; a sentence aptly g lesson, if spoken may convey a spoken in season and in the spirit of love and kindness. In visiting the sick, it is a fine art to be able to speak to them in a way and manner that shall cheer and invigorate the dormant faculties; cheerfulness, nd even playful-nesas the case may Jbe, should ever be the tone of conversation in the sick room. Some people seem born to visit the sick; their very voice and manner as they enter bring with them life, health and refreshment. They also have a serenity and even a playfulness, that throws sunshine over the shade, till the languid eyes will brighten, tho closed lips smile, the band will grasp as though It said "stay with me;" and as the visitor departs, the last words, with the lingering look, are "come again soon!" We should never carry gloomy news into the sick room; our talk should be cheerful, soothing, and playful even, that after we have retired, the patient will recall our words and perhaps have a quiet laugh over the thought of it; and all this is a help- to restoration. I have in my mind's eye at this moment a dear nurse who was indeed a ministering spirit in the sickroom! so calm, so gentle, moving about so noiselessly in the soft slippers she had procured for the occasion, like a spirit of peace, and, while she quietly arranged and put tho room in order, her very movements were an entertainment and amusement that soothed and comforted the watching and observant patient; and while attending personally to her needs, would tell some little lively tale that required no stretch of the weak and enfeebled brain to, comprehend, but just gave a change of ideas and broke the monotony of the sick room, and for the time being ministered to the dormant faculties of tho invalid, Trifles do indeed make . life-lon- sj - the sum of human things. Speech is a gift. Oh! let m watch mighty, God-likour words more and more, that when we do speak our words shall be remembered for good and for edification, and especially in our every day life and in the circle of home. e "NOT, DEAD, BUT SLEEPETH" i r r i m j.nanjs.8, urave uen jomona, ior mi 1 - . tnat most felicitous quotation, as well as for othur good things said in our behalf. uuuuo oi appeal against the jro gvo picaeuw UCU191UU ui our xegiaiaiuT, and Warn their Honorable Body that our Bill is likely to need more killing at their hands than "Ben Tasker" at the hand? of "Ben Lomond." We do not Intend to remain defeated. I admit that the great question of equal rights is a very serious one, but the deepest tragedy on the boards has sly, dashes of fun tucked away in corners, and I think since we are sure to win the race at last, we can afford to indulge in a few quiet smiles over some of those "powerful weak" arguments of our opponents, who really seem rather seared. "Vidi" compares official position to "a fine field" with "a good fence" around it to keep out "cows, etc.," which might "destroy the products of the field." By "cows,? he obviously refers to women; ugh! and by "etc." I conclude he refers to aliens, lunatics, felons and Indians not. taxed. And no , what, I'd like to fathom is in what senie ho holds the political are- na io ue a nne new. aakjs ne mean mat it is now so well tilled and in such perfect thrift and order that any further attempts in that direction would only injure it? If so, then 1 must say that to a spectator it don't look eo, while officers from the Presi. dent down to the postmaster and the mag. istrate are accused of holdihg their positions at the will of rings and wirepullers, rather than at the will of the people; while monopolies drain the Hfeblood from the bone and muscle of the nation; while dram, shops and brothels spread death and destruction under protection of law; and while want, weakness and even sex are treated like crimes; and a different code of morals laid down for men and women. But perhaps the gentleman, when speak ing of "products," merely refers to the salaries, emolument and perquisites of office holding, and dreads lest women mights want the salary as well as the office. This is something tangible, something deserv ing of careful, consideration as a grave danger, and is altogther worthy the feudal ages, the Salic law, "Vidi" and Vici. Now, having climbed these two horns of my dilemma, I find there is still another like this; Perhaps "Vidi'.' sees in some well salaried public position "a fine field" for the display of his talents; and you must admit, dear reader, that this is a brilliant Idea, Tho parable of tho fine field is "powerful weak," but here Is something strong. Speaking of woman's sphere being "within the sacred precincts of home," he says: "There she reigns supreme, and she ought to." This exceedingly radical statement must be divided into two heads, for greater ease of decapitation: First "There she reigns supreme." If this were true, so that men and not women that were thus conquered singly, the aggregate of power , would be in our hands and we certainly could not petition our subjects (and get refused) for terms of Moreover, since it really u equality. equality and not supremacy which! wo do- - 