WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ""TCrTo she was1 truly pleased in' meeting with the sisters with interest bavlQgL Bbe'hadTistened Jtv of labors of the faithful given of the been had t0.thenfth Stake. We organized slstenhle work. Let us not yield to the powers our prayers, but with irtness assist i our small way to roll fidr energies temples that we glSus work of building the privilege of entering m and doing tork for our dear friends, who are waiting the side of the. vail for us to assist them. Mrs. JvnSruff said through faith and prayer she had reSed a testimony of the truth of the gospe , omf the necessity of allvhavmg the Jesus within them, that their faith faij meet as Let us arrange our home affairs tobe fed by our spirits may a possible, that ' in will the we rejoice the spirit of God, then The to expepass through. rials we are called us. to value of be untold will here we gain rience I earnestly Mav God bless my dear sisters, .and have known I Smoot. Sister bless to ak him and friend. faithful tried a as her many years Mrs Lucy W. Kimball presented the compliments of Miss E.R. Snow, S. M. Kimball and E B. Wells, who had been invited to meet with us Through press of business they could not come but desired to extend their sincere love, and felt that they would be with the conference in spirit. Mrs. Kimball made an earnest appeal iu behalf of the Exponent. Was confident that all present could testify that the spirit of God Sister had been with us during our conference. our of W&nan'a behalf in M. T. Smoot also spoke hTSS ?Jmt menl$653; to poor, of Si Paper. Adjourned until 2 p.m. Singing, benediction by Bishop Taxman. . . , p.m. After the opening exercises, the president said we will now hear from Brother WoodrufiV"My sisters and mothers in Zion I am glad to meet with you The Relief Society was organized by Joseph Smith by revelation, and has for its object the building up of the Kingdom of God. It does not alldepend upon the Elders of Israel by any means. You are like ministering angels; you are aids to the bishops, aud a gruat many worthy people would suffer were it not for these organizations. The responsibilities of building up this Kingdom rests alike upon the man and the 'woman. While the Elders ure among, the ina- -. tions preaching the Gospel, the mothers have the guidance of the children. When I contemplate the positions of you mothers m bearing the souls of men, and your future destiny, it is far beyond the honors conferred upon the queens of the earth, who are looked upon witn Honor. WUeu they die there is an end of their glory, lour promise is eternal. You cannot know the result of your labors until you pass behind the vail. You have no thrones here, but when you have faithfully performed the. work you were ordained to do on this earth, your exaltation will be eternal, you will inherit kingdoms forever. It is only a step to the other side, it is like passing from one door to another, and what little time you remain here do all the good you can, train your children aright, teach them the principles of lifo and salvation, trv to stem the tide of evil that is gaining a foothold among our young people, teach your children to honor the principles of marriage as revealed through the Prophet Joseph, without this order of marriage we cannot be exalted; instill these eternal principles in the minds of the rising generation, that they may control their actions through life; Let me say to the sisters of Zion, we cannot do without your assistance in accomplishing this great work, our sons and daughters are to bear off this kingdom, and it devolves upon the mothers to prepare them for the "work before them." The speaker said he had never been at home but one summer in his life, of course the training of children was entirely out of the question. One of his children was over a year old before he saw him! "Be faithful my sisters, that when the trump shall sound, we may come forth and inherit eternal lives." Brother Teaalale made some excellent remarks in regard to the vast amount of goed done by the Relief Societies, and the object of their mission. Brother John said he had been highly edified and he hoped the sisters would give heed to the advice of Brother Woodruff. Conference adjourned until August 27th. After singing. Prayer by Brother Teasdale. Statistical and Financial Report: Statistical No. of members, 2,031; No. of Teachers, 329; No. of meetings held, 156; average attendance 626; church papers , taken, 321; ExponTwo o'clock to-da- y. ents, in. Fiaancial:--.Tot- I al receipts,' $743f total disburs- - to 'Temple, $77.55; for pro-perty- Caroline Daniels, Lucy V. on Setfy. Cor. Sec'y. Kimball, KANAB. The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies of the Kanab Stake was held at Glendale, June 4th, 1880, Counselor Mrs. Harriet Bunting presiding. Present on the stand: Counselors H. Bunting and L. A.Johnson; Sister L. Spencer, president of the Orderville Ward, and Sister Foot, pf the Glendale Ward- - Of the brethren-PresidentII. C. Spencer and Jas., L. Bunting, D. Johnson, Jr., Royal Cutler, T. W. Bishops Elder Smith, and Carpenter. Th e brethren and some made sisters very interesting remarks in to reference home manufacture, the responsibilities of parents in rearing their children; urged them to give the little ones good educations, to teach them politeness, and impress on their young minds the importauce of prayer and obedience to the priesthood; wished the sisters to do what thej could to help ga'ther the poor. In fact, the whole meeting was replete with good counsel and instruction. The conference wa$ adjourned till Septemler 3d, to be held at Kanab. The Societies in the Stake have loaned theirjwheat to the needy, as desired by President Taylor. The sisters are trying to live their religion and to do the best they can, in the absence of President Elizabeth Nuttall, whom we hope will soon be with us again. Wishing success to the Exponent and peace and prosperity to Zion, I remain, your sister in the gospel, M. Elizabeth Little, Secretary. s The Primarv Association of Levan was organized May 29th, 1879, by Sister Eliza B. Snow and Sister M. I. Home. We held our first an1880; after the niversary May 29th, Gardner made a few iowi'xiWer remarks and read thereport of our Association and exercises of the past year, the children recited pieces and eang songs, also recited the Ar tides of Faith; eight of the children, rented the ten commandments, and answered questions , from them, and from the "Juvenile Imtmcior. Bishop Aagard and H. Peterson gave some very , 40; encouraging remarks. Meetings held, 78; average- - attendance, 33 financial report, donations received, $5.50, and 50ets )n calico. Donated to Manti Temple $3.00; expended for the Association, $1.90; remaining in the one quilt made by the treasury, GO cents, and Primary Association, for theTnple, price $5.00. m Binding by the children, "Jesus, Mighty King Esther Bishop Aagard. 7ion2 " benediction .. i.byruza Putcr. tiz -fuuru, Anno Um Gardner, 1'resioeni; Secretary, son, Counselors; Martha Gardner, Irinda Taylor, Assistant; Amelia Mangelson, Treasurer. . The Y. L. M. I. Alofmdiscv Cache County, SistersEhza R. organized under tlie direction of with Snow and Elizabeth Davis, Aug. 10, 78, the following officers:' Carrie M. C. Smith, diford, Sarah Ann Obray, Elizabeth Imington, names-enrolled- PfS Mary Henrietta Sinfield, Counselors: fioeretarV and Harriot ilowrJfc-- t AMtotant , the same with the who rve bom ab; time. vJSSm ?ronrSe "settlement for some & Jheir Sisters Fanny Xesre HUen by Secretary , Bishop Assiste Ann Charlotte aSSing to our number as Treasurer. We have enrolled seventy now-fille- d Loft-house- ? ; average at members, with ansubscribed or November last we welcome and members. We hold our fJ Zvh'fhe gs week J r SO - - braie . We Avill close our communication. desb .... ing to be remembered by the remainder of our 'sisters in the cause of truth." r Fanny Gibbs, Secy home industries, gi'8.50; P. E. Fund, $21; book and stationery. $2.35; cash on hand, $G1.2U; hand, $7,134.20; wheat loaned, 1,101 bushels and 32 pounds; wheat on hand, 1,053 bushels and 27 ponnds. Z testi-monr- $401 r' on The Quarterly Conference of the..Y. L. M. I. Assotriation of the Weber Stake of Zion was held in the Tabernacle, Ogden, June 18th, President Sarah Herrick presiding,. Meeting opened by singing, "Now let us ltejoice." Prayer by eiBishop Hart. Singing, "May we who know the Joyful Sound." Minutes' of last Conference read and accepted. Reports were then read from thirteenassociations, all being reported ex-ceptone. President Sarah Herrick addressed the meeting. She was pleased with the reports and was satisfied the young ladies were awake .and, trying to perform, to the utmost of their ability, the duties assigned them. Felt intorested in the great work in which we were engaged, and was desirous of doing more good.n Hoped we would all profit by the good instruc-tiogiven at the K. S. Conference yesterday, aud ever. strive to do the will of our Father in . ; heaven. Bishop Sanford Bingham exhorted the young ladies to try and fully appreciate the great y blessings they receive, and improve every oppdr-tuntt-in to gain wisdom and knowledge, that after years they might have nothing to regret. President Sarah Richards, Summit Stake, spoke on the training of children, necessity of prayer, of tattling. lilerality, and the despteable practice much good West Weber, gave Bishop Hart, and as to our Saints, duties instruction in regard be would all our wasKureif we lived religion well. Prest. Jane S. Richards followed Awnsing upon the what had been said, and Wising tlie necessity of hav- . , mlmteof thor"Iauie9 mothers to teach their children when young the of principles of the gospel, and the importance faith-fullduties other and attending to their prayersother on various subjects, and was Spoke attention. & marked t wltn lktin i tKrougUuu 2 "Do till p.m. Singing, Meeting adjourned Thomas Elder Benediction by what is righfc" v. Morley. After fclnging and prayer, Mm. Martha CtftcWow, president It. S. First: Wftfdwa called upon to address the meeting. She bore a faithful testimony to th truth of the religion . helad embraeed, had been richly paid for a& tending this conTere!nttd would try and carry outtlie good counsel which had 1hh ivn. t ao. or Mrs. Martha Binliam. preedent Riverdale, said many good things encouraging to all whoaro striving to do right, gave much excellent Counsel and asked the Lord to bless all in their efforts to do good, fri.o. r.i.ai.int (if til ft Youne Ladies Associa tions present each spoke, expressing a feeling of they deep interest in the associations over.whlch were placed, and a desire to perform heir duties Father acceptably, flying upon their heavenly incomwere for strength, knowmvs they fill such i sponsible posito petent Uem. tions without his spirit to guide were made remark instructive Mrs S Richards, bySStors, Mrs.andEmily Pe Letitia Mrs. ery.wUA Josephine R.West their nature, to inspire the were calculated ki ladies to greater dilligence .and renewed JXbrto in the cause of mutual improvement. earnest address, Bishop McQuarrie gave a very of our holy relimany principles shaking upon out clearly the importance of obgion, pointing of Wisdom, and setting an serving the Word imitation. Prayed the bless-?nfworthy of to rest upon all who aie'Interest-- l hoaven ?n the kingdom of God on the rtfi Sarah Herrick had enioyed imd trusted all felt blesseu and Se counsel they had received toemtedSe goodladies to persevere In good Exhorted the young own faithfully for thre ' adjournedf clnferSnce was then duTy 2 p,m. liopL of Suent carand luviuuh ' ' 34; visits of tendance, 2,863; mnlbmt sessions, n) view mulhS could be desired: thin 2 we leeicounuc object of these ffiw , lSCtVey tove6SS our nincial- - Cash on hand at date of last report, Tmnrnvpmpnt a&o that the and Davis. a chord to the : table purposes, books, etc., S X?U?Ttoe g property on hand, ?som wheat which was. not reported. Roea CTiLDi Becretory. . . . 