WOIiFS Tfefc SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 15. 180 A DAY OF MOTHER-LIFE- . This day has been ao full of cares, Of accidents and plans astray; Of dust aiid sultry, fainting air, And even danger and dismay, I gladly saw the curtain close About the gorgeous bed of Day; And Night approach and bring repose To call me from my toll away. my busy hands and feet Would need be faster though they flew Breakfast to set and rooms make neat. or do. And washing OTer-se- e Children to dress and husband aid In weighty things which may not wait This done, one hasty kiss he gave And vanished through the arbor gate. y The steep and oft forbidden stairs The baby climbs to very top, And twenty other mischiefs dares, And mother's work as often stops, And now, he bumps his precious nose And must be petted and caressed; His brother now has hurt his toes Which must be gently bathed and dressed. ! I ! The yeast thrice spilled, no tread is made, The fat is scorching in the pot The dinner very late is laid And then baked apples are forgot. . We linger some for pleasant talk brazen glare? But oh! what means that That volume high of flame and smoke? Ah' fly! the woodyard is on fire! C4 . . Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 9. To-da- EXPONENT.-- With tubs and buckets swiftly run; Two neighbor sisters also flew To .help us do what could be done. Husband pulled the cordwood down And flung huge blazing brands about, While we the crackling cinders drowned With careful search till all were "out." The battle won, with panting breath We sought again the portal shade; But there, the dining table left, A housewife's heart might sore dismayed-Ba- by, left king of all the feast, Had mixed the sugar, meat and sauce, The tablecloth be smeared and creased, Two glasses lay In fragments tossed. is cleared at last The dining-rooAnd baby washed and laid to sleep; ' Now here's a deep and quivering gash--In daughter's bead I almost weep. At play she ran and tossed about. And struck against the wlndowslll; Ah,daughter, you'll be careful now, And mother's frequent wish fulfill. Here husband cornea, and not alone, Two gentlemen, and strangers too; My heart sinks down like lead or stone As husband whispers: Lunch for two. No bread, no meat, and I so tired. But still 111 do the best I can; The hasty meal Is soon prepared, Dispatched and they are oft" again. More accidents and incidents The freighted hours for me brought on, And with my utmost diligence Not all my tasts at night are done treadmill round, I dread The dull, distasteful toll It brings; Why must I delve so near the ground? I long to soar on fairy wings. I almost thought my lot was hard, Because the things I'd like to do Are out of reach, my plans are marred, And fainter grow In distance blue The outlines of my favorite schemes Obscured by clouds of household care So dull and Irksome Nay, I dream! Tis for thebe babies pure and fair. And busy serving them my feet. Leave wider fields for those whose homes Are not with household jewels set; Whih I before the Heavenly Throue Give thanks that mine are spared me yet. St. George, Aug. anirel in the wav!" If ever I have, envied, it has been called out by such women; their digpower, nity of character, their their abnegation of self. Oh, let us imitate such models, for they are worthy. A passive spirit is a sweet one, let it be embodied in whom it may; not passive when it is our duty to be energetic, but where we should honor and obey. Not passive when our child is insolent and disobedient; firmness then must be aroused to put down rebellion and restore r. self-controli- . With brighter thoughts and lighter heart, I list my darlings' evening prayer; I think, and tears unbidden 6tart, Of when death claimed one jewel rare. I kiss and bless and lay them down-- In innocence and peace to sleep; If they remain I'll never frown Though household cares roll fathoms deep. I'm glad and more than satisfied While they are happy, hale and sweet, Though to their wants my hands are tied Lu No. 12. D ALTON. 18S0. REPROOF. ng dr-de- But if children are taught from babyhood to be obedient to legal authority, they will rarely rebel, and will not oblige a parent to speak many times before they will obey. When I see a disobedient child, I blusti and mourn for the motherfor I know there lies the mischief. The Savior's description of one in authority should be the model for the head of a family: "I say to this one, come, and he cometh, and to another, go, and he goeth, and to my servant, do this, and he decth it." The fundamental principle of a well ordered family is obedience to the laws of that house; and where this is in full force, little reproof be will be needed; and when it is given it but the echo of our own heart and conscience, and we at once bow beneath the rod and kiss the hand that wields it. Oh, how mighty is that being who walks in innocency before God! Who, though conscious of many imperfections, can say, with hand on heart and looking upward, "I desire, my Father, to be thine, only thine; I desire to be pure even in Thy sight. Excelsior! is my motto, my war cry iri the battle v me Tf hrflien be humble, not servile: meek, out not abject; passive, but not inert; yet thankful for assistance when needed. Let us reprove as we would desire to be Teproved, remembering ever that "the wounds of a friend are better than the kisses of an enemy;" and friend by many a one has been made a firm the sweet way in which their reproof has been received, and the reprover has at once merged into the consoler, the adviser, the benefactor and the friend for life. , BY HANNAH Ty KING. To reprove well and wisely has ever seemed to me one of the most desirable attainments. It is a most disagreeable office, and yet at4 times a most necessary one; it is desirable to use language that shall soften instead of hardening the offender; it is also good to command the voice, that its tones may be persuasive rather tari denote sorrow more than anger. The reproof of a wise and virtuous person is ever a token of love and care for our welfare, whether it comes from relative, friend or employer, and should be received with silent dignity. Some are apt to look upon a reprover as an enemy, or as unkindness, but this is for want of due consideration, for if they speak for our good it must benefit us; and all have the power to make good come out of reproof. A candid, noble mind will bear it without one feeling of rebellion, though it may, and probably will, sadden the spirit; but such a mind will reason, meditate, and come to the conclusion it is intended for good, and I will take care that good shall come of it. Whatever was unjust m the for; reproof, the reprover must be responsible be will but such a mind will at once see and be brought to open to conviction and speedily and reformation, for such are ever repentance humble and teachableAnd though they may fall into follies, or some wrong path the reprool of the kind and wise will quickly call them back we have to duty and rectitude. To confess been wrong is only saying we are wiser than Ave were yesterday. kindly My sisters, let us learn to reprove which is the of love, and Wisely, by the spirit we are very angry, let us spirit of heaven. If. for if wait till we can command our feelings;instead done we speak then, there will be harm m their of rood. I have seen women reprove and servant, families, among their children that with that mildness, yet with that dignity, was force and determination, that every tongue soul convinced, every silenced repentant. Did thev feel angry at wSofl No; the longer ste talked and feLnek with them the aroval nm and she stood in her households deemed her an tron. amongst them, and they to-d- ay -- self-relian- Postscript It is a positive faqt t, that an obe- dient spirit bears the ills of life much easier than a refractory one. The yoke of daily life does not gall the shoulders, but fits so good that it is not felt scarcely; a French writer habits' and good says, "Man is a bundle of habits are much more agreeable than bad ones, and have no taxes to pay for them which is a mighty consideration and recommend in these g A days of universal taxation. habit is also the most becoming dress to all. Ladies, let us ever wear one! well-fittin- The front of Pilgrim Hall, Plymouth, is soon to be ornamented with a group of figures carved in wood, and representing in the .landing, which will be placed upon thea with pediment of the porch. A shallop broken mast, containing bundles and two men, oar is at the rock. One man sits holding an and looking at an Indian, while the other is in the bow of the boat, with one foot on the rocks, with his hands clasped in that of an Indian, new who kneels and appears to welcome the e feet in comers. The group is about twenty-fivW length and very effective. It if Mr?Stickney,of Baltimore, designed by Henry both of BosMitchell, and carved by A. Lus, bas-relie- f, P'fted ton. - I 