THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT; On the last "day of the Cenferen ce I the meeting was addressed by each of the Apostlts in turn. Elder I Snow was the first speaker, followed: by Elders, Wilford Woodruff, Orson Pratt C. 0. Bieh,ErMtus Sno w,F. jT,."JMchards, Brigham Young, Joseph F. Bmitb, Albert Moses Thatcher andD. H. Wells Pres. John Taylor closed with Tan eloquent and earnest appeal to the people to live their religion blessing them in the name of the Lord. The congregation stasdiog fang Doxology and i onieiejicewaa adjourned until Oct.' 6, 1880 Prayer by Elder Wilford VVoodrufT. Editor. E2LMIXIWE B. TVXJLLS. ta gilt Lake City, .Utah. Published , one copy six months, 12.00-one Terms; One copy year, Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising 1.00 rates: Each square, ten lines of. nonpareil space, one time, 13.00; per month, 3.00. . A literal discount to ' - i '" rejpiUr advertisers.. .Exponent Office, Lower, West Room of the Council House, South .Temple', Stieet. . Business , hours from 10 s. m, to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Add ress all business communications to eml-mont- U, : ' Publisher Woxax's Exroirarr, - , Salt Lake C4ty,XJtalu THE JUBILEE CONFERENCE. , : transacted and xnucti excellent Instruction given in a powerful and Impf frssive manner to the saints. A good degree of tbelrBpIrit of the Lord seemed to pervade the assembly "during the entire session of the Conference.'' Xecor&ng to the tf stimooy of so me of the oldest members of the Church It was one of the mofet enjoyable Confereocer ever held since the organization V in Apriii880. ; ; ;; ri fhe fapfc of its being a h alf century ateee the organiz d capacity, gave a pVcullar sort of tlge to the entire pscceediDgs, that ulll make it memorable in the history of the Church, as a time of general tejoiciog; jknd indeed th character of the preaching was calculate J to hallow the oeeasionrz:T There was mach abou t It in keeping with a jejr of Jubilee, and surely many hearts havebeen made glad by the spirit of liberality man- . Elder-Thatche- T scarcity. g rSIafds jrO people and pdssetssd a kuowit dge of the arts and sciences, especially architecture. They , had written history and many large libraries wh;ch the Catholic piieet who followed Cortez caused? tc be burned, n They have rprelervtcL sufflcleni history aud tradition to coiroborate Mermen Jn rethe testimony In the Book gard 'to the Savior's visit to this continent They have a tradition of 8 barges erasing the ng sea and ofthe compaispalsoTa BacTedKWd-havibeen concealed in the earth.' The speaker spoke feelingly in regard to that race of people and hopefully of their release from' the thraldom which had bound theus far 350 years. Elder Orson Pratt gave a brief sketch wf his experience in the early days of the Church; said he rememberel the first conference he had ; f tions of the poor and unfortunate, and helping them substantially, by distributing one thousand cows and five thousand sheep, to the widows aLd the destitute. This is indeed a new era of things and cannot fail to bring down the of heaven upon those who are generously asfhting In this grakd eflort to bless the Lrd poor. The Scripture says "the liberal man devheth liberal things and by his liberality he shall live." There has been some positive proof of liberality during this Conference and no doubt That fin blessing, th so will be biessei, who have, and will, aid In this magnanimous work, i Halhhe debt due to the P. E. Fand by tbe poor has been canceled. One half of u npald tithing due has also bcn remitted. This will asiuredly give the people a fresh impetus to pay " the remainder. Another proof of the dedie on the part of .tboie in autboiity to bless the Saints is in distributing the wht at which has been stored by the listers for the benefit of Zion, among those who are .without the necessary seed for the present season;lait year having been an ucnsually dry season and in consequence a failure in crop?. The sisters were calledupon to vote first sep. para'ely on this question. The Bishops however are to be responsible and the wheat is t o be returned after harvest. Toere Is no doubt but this is a wise move, and will be the means of doing a double good. The brethren will have, the use of this' wheat far teed' and the" aUters will have new wheat tastore np' for a time of b.'e-fclr- y . " prea- - Bays Meetings were held in iheJSalt Hall SundayandMontlay Lake April 1 and Immediately preceding the An- - I nual Conference at which there was a very numerous attendance, M uch good insti uction waa givn and the wavetiog and the evil doers weie rebuktd,and exhorted to reformation and ' repentance. On Sunday opening remarks were made by President Jotin Taylor. Elder Wilford Woodruff then gave a brief summary of his tour through the settlementsr South In Arizona and other places, related some incident which transpired daring his stii among the Indians and gave a brief description ' of their houses and manner of living. Elder Mres Thatcher made some very Interesting remarks about Mexico aud hi tour through said at r that region of country. the time of the conquest of Mexico by the ; Aw-embl- ti at-ten- i on de Jan. 2, 183l,io!a log house In Central New York when there were about 70 or 80 mem bers. He referred to the year of Jubilee and the seventh day of rest, which he considered typical of the seventh ,thou?and year termed tbe Millennium when Christ should come. Spoke of the literal sounding of seven trumpets and the preparatory work for the literal re, f .c" demption. V L::L.r:ii j.il. Eider C. C. Rich spoke upon necessity of fulfilling da ties building Temples" and Missionary work. President Taylor regretted that the heuse would not accommodate more people. Stated that the Lord required of all the officers of His kingdom a thorough principle of righteousness ci K : and not a nominal religion. "" Elders Brigham 'Young, Joseph F; "Smith D. H. Wells; Pres. Joseph Yourg, Pres. A 'O. Bmoot and Elder J. Van Cott each addreded the meeting bn the principles of our religion, its(duties and obligations, the necessity 'of living pure and holy lives, and gaVe much , instruction tithe ?rea' Taylor made some clodng remarkf,and adjournitcl the ;m?etlDg to the Conferencf in tbel Tabernacle, the folio iwlbg morning, 'April -- : ei-,cU- LatUr-layfnti- T '6. - A meetino of the'prftsthood was held in the Assembly Hall Thurf day evening April 8th. The meet lngwas addieed hyjEIder George Teaedale, Apostle Erastus Snow and President John Taylor; The authority of the sevesal classes and callings of the priesthood were distinctly set forth arid much general instruction rich with inspiration Was iglven, A, M Mnsser! Secretary r of. the Utah Silk Association, announces that tbsy are now prepared to purchase, cocoons and reeled silk. Those having cocoons and reeled 'silk for sale will please call on Paul A. Bchettler, Treasurer of the Association, at the City Hall in this city, and he will pay them, the highest market price for them, according to their quilIty7"Ac- tlve prepiraiions'ars belng made; for the erection of a silk factor v. and as the machinerv is readv for use, the buildintr onl y is wantiae. and the people may look hopefully to the success of this most laudable enterprise. The books are still open Tor shares, and the brethren and sisters have the' opportunity of ensuring shares percent, down. by paying twenty-fiv- e The Deseret Sunday School Union held a general meeting in the Assembly Hall Wedns-da- y evening April 7, Superintendent Gorge Goddard presiding. Oat of the 21, Stakes 14 were represented - Addresfes were made full of 'good instruction by Superintendents G Goddard, of S- - L., D. John, of Utah, J. G. Bleak, St. George,R Ball an ty ne,Webef Stakes and by Apditle' WoodtuCfiho gave an interesting account of his travels among the Indians In Arizona. In one of the meetings where he spoke to them of their orlgion and future destiny one'old Indian testified that ttieee were ; .TWO DAY'S MEETINGS. 15, 1880. The. Fiftieth Annual Conference of the Church caseload its session and adjourned, Theincetinga lasted thre day s, dutlug which time a great deal oMnspoitaDt buslne- - Was -- Car-rlngt- on, , SALT LAKE CITY, APBIL HOME AFFAIBS. 1 the xneh they had to come and tell them of ttnfr forefathers and te:ea-looltfn;;fo- r nor s nav iiinnin tin in stsa m vun r rnm rra cu rse t bat had jcomejBnt m Arizona were living in tuo y nuea Order, and thtre was no cb'ateiitl9ii7 sWArliilr.Vmoft- f w m i ihgordilnkingmopt ci .a.s l a ouuuay ocuvvu men uau r oupv. ot oj. Jyans called attention to a banner presented to the .Union, by Katie Chase,.. The JlaU.ifas crowded With people from all paits of the j: territory. The monthly meetings will in' future be held in the, Assembly Hall, and all connected with or interested in Sunday Schools are cordailly invited to attend. 'i a m ; . , m - wn , . . A meeting of the Young men's Mutual Improvement A830cUtipns wjis he,l4 In- the' Bait 6, Lake AsseiabiyVHaH 180. Present on the staid Pee Jphn,T?y?or EljF-B- . Inn(Apostles, W. Woodruff, Thatcher; and ards, Joseph F. Sniltb,; D. H.: Weils, ifytlfojitawi tTtiU.wjd UUh Stakes :JunIusF.fllMiHonHiHardy, and Stake Superintendents .and tBepresenta-tlv- e -V from other counties.i t'; After singing and prayer' President Taylor addresaed the meeting, making suggestions explaining and dtfioicg the xiathre1 of the and speaking at length npn the writthe ten suggestions which were 'read beford1 v meetings After "Pres. Tay lo tTnithid bla remarks and expianatiorisY1f Apostle Wilford Woodruff wag nomlhat'eaofof General Snpreintendent, tit Arbitlfi JosiJJF. Smith and MoseiThmtc - , aa M(s -- ; organ-Izatlo- Ds -- ? jin-strnct- ive 5 5 nomlnattons'welrer carrleTJnlponsiy "18uprlntencih'ti WoooWthih briefly; ! id 1 ent 'dmsthe mciin ' the work pf mfitijif ImprovtmeAt ' ijdngjto report, lbs totals of which were accordingly read, as toh yoin; and' called for the siatlittcal lows: 