WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 26 left. I think he will comemto the Church soon. went with me to visit his My father-in-lafriends in the East. familyand October 11th. Resumed nry journey in com pany witJi the brethren. VTe exchanged horses in Springfield; and with the assistance we received from the brethren living there, we succeeded in obtaining one horse and a two horse wagon, in which the sisters fitted up a bed for Brother Brigham to ride on, as he was unable to . sit up. We traveled eight miles with the three horse team, and put up at the house of Father Draper. October 12th. We pursued our journey towards Terre Haute, traveled all day; most of the brethren being very sick, I walked most of the way, at night I slept in the wagon with Father Murray and Brother Hedlock and caught cold; next morning I had to go until twelve o'clock before I had any thing to eat, and then it was transparent pork and corn dodger; the wagon broke down twice, and the chilis came on me about two in the afternooa, and held me till night, and then the fever held me all night. I had the chills and fever three days, and lost my appetite. The third chill was so severe that it seemed as though I could not live till night. We arrived at Terre Haute about dusk on the 17th. Bro. Young and I put up at Dr. Modisett's. Brothers Smith, Turley, Hedlock and Father Murray staid at Milton Stowe's, who lived in one of the houses. In the evening the Dr. went to see them, they were quite ill in health, and Brother Btowe very rhe Doctor expressed great sympathy for them when returned to the house, relating over the poverty Brother Stowe and the brethren's ill health, and &ecitf them lying on a straw bed on the floor, he shed many tears to see the brethren going under such suffering circumstances upon such a long mission; but he did not have quiteaympnthy enough to buy them a chicken to make them some. urotn, or even give them a shilling; although he was worth four or five hundred thousand dollars ; he said his taxes amounted to over four hundred dollars a year, , In the evening I became very ill. The Dr. said lie could givo me something that would do me good, that would relieve me of my distress, and I would probably get a nap, but the old man was so drunk that he did not know what he did, and he gave me a tablespoonful of morphine; his wife saw him pour hV out but dared not say a word, although she believed it would kill me. w -- -- , i,. up in my chair complaining of feeling very strange and wanted to lie down, on my attempting to go to bed I reeled and fell to the floor. There was hardly a breath of life in my body. Brother Brigham rolled me over on my back and nut a pillow under my head and inquired of the DocUr what he had given me and tUeu learned that he liad given m murpnine. I lay there for a long time; when I came to, Brother Brigham was attending to me with a fatherly care, aifd manifesting much anxiety in my behalf. I said to him "don't be scared,for I shan't die." In a short time he got me On the bed and nursed me through the night. It was through the closest attention of Brother Young and the family that my life was preserved through the night. I was scarce able to speak so as to be understood. La the the bruthren and Father Murray camemorning to see us. The brethren laid their hands on me and prajTed for me. When they left me they wept like children. Father Murray felt very sorrowful, said he, "We shall never see Heber again, he will die." I looked up at them and said, "never mind brethren, go ahead, for Brother Brigham and! will reach Kirtland before you will." Brigham gave them all the money we had except five dollars, and told them to take good care of the team and make all possible speed to Kirtland. They started that day. In about an hour after they departed I arose from my bed. October 22nd. Elder Babbit and "Dr. Knight, an eminent physician, came from Pleasant Garden to see me. Brother James Modisett took us in his father's carriage twenty miles to the house of Brother Addison Pratt, from thence we were carried to Pleasant Garden. We found a few brethren and remained there three days preaching to the few brethren, and those who wished to hear, them through the night. v 27th, Sunday. Brother Scott sent his little son John, who carried us to Belleville, fifteen miles, several miles of the journey in a rain storm, which obliged us to put tip at an inn for the remainder of the day and night. Brother Brigham was very sick and obliged to go to bed. I sat up to wait upon him, and spent the evening with the landlord and his lady preaching to them; they received our testimony and were very kind to us. 28th. The landlord rose up 'very early and talked to the citizens about the travelers who had staid with him the night previous,and what he had heard us say concerning the Gospel. The neighbors flocked in, made many inquiries and were very anxious we should tarry and preach in the place. The landlord said several times he hoped the stage would not come, that we might stay and preach, as the people were very much excited by having had a great discussion between two popular religious preachers recently. The stage, however, camej along, about 10 o'clock,and we started on our way towards Kirtland, and we left the landlord in. tears. While in Pleasant Garden we obtained some money, so that with the five dollars we had left when the brethren left us on the 18th, now amounted to $13.50. When we got into the stage we did not expect to ride mauy miles. Wei rode as far as Indianapolis, Ind., paid our passage, and found we had sufficient means to carry us to Richmond, Ind. When We arrived at Kich mond, we found we had means to take us to Dayton, to which place we proceeded and tarried over night, waiting for another line of stages. We expected to stop here and preach until we got means to pursue our journey. Brother Brigh- wni m ms irunK to get money to pay the bill, amTfoima .sufficient to our passage to Columbus, Ohio, to vtu&h place we took passage in the stage and tarried over night. : When we paid the bill, he found he had sufficient means to pay our passage 4o Vooster. We tarried until th e after part of. the day and then took passage for Wooster. When we arrived there, Brother Brigham went toh!s trunk again to get money to pay our bill and found enough to pay our passage to Cleveland, When We got to a little town called Strongsville, about twenty miles from Cleveland, towards evening, Brother Brigham had a strong impression to stop at a tavern when we first came, into the town, but the stage did not stop there, and so we went on. YVe arrived at Cleveland about eleven o'clock at night, took lodgings, and remained until next evening. November 3d, Sunday, in the morning, we went to the Episcopalian Church. While returning to the hotel, we taet and iearnedhat Elders Smith. my father-in-laTurley and Hedlock had just arrived in Cleveland. Father Murray was as much astonished to see me alive as though he had seen one risen from the dead. I don't think I ever saw a man feel better than he did when I met him on the street. We walked with him a short distance and met the brethren, who were in good health, compared with what they had been, and in fine learned that; .they stopped at the spirit. tavern atWp Strongsville, where Brother Brigham had such strong impressions to the night previous. They had picked up Elde? John Dayton, where he was left at a Uvcm very sick with the ague and fever a few days btv fore, by Father Coltrin, who proceeded to Kirtland. Brothers Taylor and Hedlock got into the stage with uvwhich left early in the afternoon; they rode as far as Wllloughby; we proceeded to Kirtland and arrived the same .evenran nnl ing, where we found n friends, who Were glad to see us,' thus fulfilling the prediction made on my sick .bed. Brother Brighamhad shilling left,and on looking we found we had out over fxnsesi 87.00 out of the $13.50 we had at Pd Pleasant Garden, whiclf Is all the money we had to pay our passage with. We had travelled over 400 miles by stage, for wh,ich we" paid from eight to ten cents a m,ie and had taken three meals a day for each of which we were charged fifty centi also fifty cents for our Brother Brig! lodgings. Jiam often suspected that I put the money in his trunk, or clothes.-thinking I had a purse of money which I had not acquainted him with hut this was not so; the money, could only have beeh pot m his trunk by some heavenly messenger, who administered to our. necessities daily, as he knew we needed. -m w ' e-n- one-Yor- k 4 Dr. and some others gave us some money toKnight assist us on our mission. October 25th- .-l received a letter from mv wife riving an account of her sickness since I left, also of the children William and Helen. I wrote her a comforting letter in reply, praying the Lord to bless her and the little ones. 2Gth. Brother Babbitt took me in his buggy twelve miles, to the house of Brother Scott; they were very glad to see us and we tarried with . r "There was a division of gen timent amocirThe brethren in Kirtland, many of .whom Vked the energy to move to Missouri and some lacked the J j disposition. Nov. 10th, Sunday. Elder John Taylor preached in the Temple in the forenoon I preached in the afternoon; by way of campar-- I ison, and had freedom, and compared them to a parcel of old earthern pota that Were cracked in j burning, for they were mostly apostates that were living there. Immediately after I returned to the house of Ira Bond; Martin Harris Cyrus Smalling and others came in and ak tacked me on what I had been saying, me who I referred to in my comparisons; asking said I "to no one in particular, but to any one that the coat fits." I was so sick that I referred them to Brother Hedlock, who came in at that moment, to talk with, as I was laying in bed having a chill and not able to talk. John Moretou and others declared I never should preach in the house again; some of the people tried to make me angry, so as to quarrel with me, but they failed. Nov. 16th I made my home at Dean Gould's in the house of Ira Bond. They and families were all very kind to me,tmd made me as comfortable as they could, I stayed with them most of the time, I was in Kirtland, during which the weather was very stormy. Iam thankful I got rid of the chills this time without the aid of medicine, but I continued afflicted with a cough which I caught by riding in the stage through the nights. 17th, Sunday. Brother Brigham preached in the forenoon, Brother John Taylor in the afternoon. In the evening Brother Brigham anointed Brother Taylor in the House of the Lord, he having previously washed himself in pure water: then we all went to the Temple, I: was caledf upon and opened the meeting by prayer, when Brother Brigham anointed him with oil, and pronounced such blessings upon him as the spirit jgave utterance. Brother Taylor then arose and prayed. Bro. Theodore Turley, one of thei Seventies, was then anointed by Daniel S. Miles, one of the Presidents of the Seventies: both of which anointings were sealed by loud shouts of Hosannah! then their feet were washed and the meeting closed . A council Was held with Brothers Kellog, Moreton and -others,, whatook the lead in Kirtlandrwe proposed thaC some of the Elders should remain there and preach for a few weeks. John More- ton replied that they -- had had many talented preachers, and he considered that men of such ordinary talents as Were on this mission, could do no good inKirtland,he thought probably that Brother John Taylor mioiit do, but he was not i . ; . sure." A SENTIMENT. You ask respecting my sentiments on the woman question. My views on this gigantic subject prior to my departure from Salt Lake were quite premature, but you know how they inclined, and I will here state that they have strengthened as time has rolled on. I am now fully convinced of woman's efficiency, not only as queen of the home circle, the "molder" of the minds of men, the guiding star of youth, the radiance of which can never be eclipsed, or rivaled by other lights, nor do these immense boundaries limit her sphere, but as I view the subject her influence for good extends far out into infinitude, her stopping place has not been designated, nor can the line of demarcation be drawn, especially now tliat the fiat has gone forth, and ere long will be heralded to all nations, calling earth's fair daughters in all the glory of their womanhood, into the grand arena of science, art, literature, and religion, for ' the day is coming when science, literature and shall religion, alreadv danch be dwellers in one home. Science shall shade her torch and stoop her telescope before the throne of the eternal; literature shall pursue her studies and dream her dreams in the mystic atmosphere of heavens own and religion shall take her two sisters by day, the hand, smile upon them with the serene and majestic love of a SUnerinr nntur ffitiwiiisn 4U ProapllCe Chamber of the King of Kings, and In a threefold cord be united to them forever." Woman s hitherto dormant affinities will be called into activity, and she will display an efficient executive ability, that of itself will recommend her to offices of honor and trust. I Temple, iTisexpcetedTremont be use to ready for day. Boston will 