to spend a day any time to attend the Sisters Conference." That the Re lief Societies were to comfort the sick, relieve the needy. Said we should be very careful to have our daughters educated and trained in the right manner for as a general thing all noble men had noble mothers. Others of the brethren expressed themselves to find the Societies inso. good a condition urging the sisters to unite and to sustain each other. Pres. Hatch was highly gratified In hearing the reports also in the manner in which they were given. Said the object of those Societies was to sustain the Bishops, in looking after the poor, and to work in unison with the PriesthIe alrto felt to sustain and encourood. age home industries. Gave good advice to the sisters urging them to unity. Said he thought it would be well to appoint a Sister in each Society to look after the sick and to administer herbs according to the Doctrine could afford highly-pleased and Covenents. A good spirit and feeling prevailed throughout both meetings. Singing. Benediction. Statistical and Financial reports of the Belief Soclty of Washatch Stake of Zion for the year ending Dec, 5 th 1879. Statistical, members, enrolled 289; No. Exponents 20; Financial property receipts $1468,54; dia. bursed to poor 631, 17; to temple 91, 65; home industries; 528, 28, books 16, 00; building property 688,85 property on hand 227, 14; cash on hand 17,55; wheat on hand 420, bus, 30 lbs. $425,2J. Mary Bronson, Secy'. A vie M. Bronson Ass' t. Sec'y Iteport of the Quarterly Conference of Tooele Stake, held'in theMeeirngHouso Grantavilie Dec. 13th and 14,th 1879. President Mary Ann Hunter presiding. the Stand from S. L. City. Sisters S. M Heywood and 8. M. Kimball. Stake officer Pres. Mary Ann Hunter Coun. Agnes Rich, Presidents of Wards, Jeanette DeLa Mere of Tooele and Jane Easthamof Grantsville. devotional exercises the read, ing and acceptance of the minutes of previ-o- a3 Conference. Ward reports were read showing that the branches are in good condition. Sister Hunter made a few remarks and introduced Sister S. M. Kimball who spoke upon the duties of women and their advancement in intelligence. Sister Hey wood spoke on the same subjects and atso the storing of grain home literature and the need of sustaining the Woman's On Exponent. Meeting adjourned until 3, o'clock Afternoon session was devoted to the Primary Association. Evening to the Y. M. I. A , ' Sunday morning Dec. 15th to the Sunday School. Afternoon 2 P. M. the was occupied by Sister S. M. feting and Pres. Lyman, who both erave eood instruction Conference adjourned until the "uuaie of March, 1880. M. A. House. Sec'y. of the house; she realized that without their help we could not have enjoyed the privilege of meeting there that day. Elder Segmiller next addressed the congregation. Said he was reminded of the little acorn which grew, little by little, until It became a great tree. Referred to the difference of the privileges of the women of Utah and : those of Canada and other places. Commended the diligence and in. dustry of the R. S. In the erection of their house. Read from Apostle Snow's sermon, and exhorted the mothers to cultivate the minds of their children and prepare them to become ambassadors of Jesus Christ, that they might help to bear His word to the honest in heart throughout the earth. i Rfr-hflfll- d ftouse just completed by the Relief Society, it There 6re nrGSP.nt rin ihn f ho nfflnora nf ie Relief Society of the Stake and branch, also Presidents A. K. Thurber and W. .8egmiiler, of the Stake, Bishops G. W. pan, J. s Horno and P. Poulsen. i Singing and prayer. '"Pres. Elizabeth fan then arose and thanked the brethren lueir assistance rendered In the erection rr the purpose of dedicating ut-in- d 1 $ m- 4 M a and those with whom you associate will " : respect you. xoung laaics snouta be modest and re tiring, innocent and lcfined in their behavior, deporting themselves with dignity and grace,, and they will win tho esteem of In walking the streets, either by night or day, her deportment ill be quiet and civil, neverattractlng attention by noisy or ruae Denavlor, if sne meet a gentlemen on the street she will not call put to him; lest sho might be mistaken In the person; or if not so mistaken, her course might be misconstrued by the gentleman, or other parties, and she be liable to criticism. one snouia do Kinaana respectmi to tnose to !k slang, an1 prolan or vulgar ge never passes her lips. It Is eome- WhPrft R:iirl. tin a man thlnlrnfh an to ha It xnis is equally irue or woman. Mow. are we to know what she thinks, except fiy her conversation and deportment. If .that be Elizabeth Bean, Pres., Sec. ADDRESS TO THE YOUNG LADIES M. I. A. OP PROVO. BYM.J.T. My young sisters You are supposed to meet together for the purpose of mutual improvement, that being the name of the organization by which you are bound. What is the meaning of the term as 'applied to this organization? It is that our young people shall improve their minds and morals, by learning that which is refining and purifying, both in a religious and moral point of view, that they may raise them. selve3 to a standard of perfection that will mark them as women of intelligence and politeness. Because we areJilormons shall-w- e be held up by the intelligent portion of the world as samples of low breeding and ignorance? We may say we afe God's chosen people, and' believing in the faith and. doctrines of our religion; we despise and look down upon the practices of the world, which comprise so much that Is disgraceful and degrading. : Are we altogether jultified in taking that view of the case? In what are we superior? How many understand, or care to investigate the principles they profess to hold sacred. Setting religion aside, the fact really is that polite, ness and refinement indicate purity and intelligent intercourse, and there Is much honor and uprightness outside as well as In Utah, while there Is much ignorance and folly within its bounds as also elsewhere. In our social intercourse we must needs follow after the pattern of politeness as given by the world, unless we can erect a higher and -- purer- standard of our own. Whatever position we may take, let us learn that which Is ennobling and exalting, and cultivate that which Is pure and Rood, Instead of taking a course that Is low and immoral. Rudeness of speech and action are de. moralizing in their tendencies. Coarse or i lap-gua- uu gouet:lor do mgarpwouius essentially low and vulgar. If such be' the case with the mothers, what can we expect of the children. Prepare yourselves, then, iu w -- .On the 1st 1880; tho Idsicrs of ofau., tflQ Relief wlfh flnmo 8or.Ip.tv nf the Ifiadl 1 places. :thO'ucesXIt"merits. Hunt, u sist in bearing off the kingdom, for on them will devolve a great work, and they should ha Qila irk rl If mlfVi tfflrwnffrv anrf Uaha. xucv ouuuiu ud lauica m tivuiv bcush ui liih word. Pure, honest, Virtuous arid refined." No lady will act in a rude and undignified manner. She will never let her voice bo - A. u thoughts and actions, and their Influence low and immoral. Good manners la tho 1 a,1 Am AAtt aA a f mif nuu uuiavtuei-oiouuuiu'mua culuidiaiii, tivated, Lul atouo iu public, bat In private those who know. them. Cultivate their minds and fill them, with Intelligence, that vuoj mav wiuu luiwam iu UUU UiUtJ LU US Bishop Poulsen, Bishop Geo. W. Bean, and Bishop Home, all made excellent remarks on suitable subjects; congratulated the sisters on their success in building and furnishing their house. Many good things were said by others of the brethren and sisters. After singing meeting was ad. journed. Benediction. Since the Stake organization of the Relief Society wa have visited nearly every settlement in the Stake, held nineteen meetings, and completed fifteen organizations. We feel to go forward in our field of labor, and do our utmost in the furtherance of the cause of oar Lord. Hoping the Exponent may ever be a comfort to the sisters of Zion, and achieve Catiiebine vulgar language leads to coarse and vulgar -- xiujk f- c-j to hn mnthfiM fn TArp!fhA liffrliaf. noblest position a woman can hold to train the minds and guide the footsteps of the rising generation. That Is woman's . mlsr sion, and she should prepare to flll it with honor, that "her children may rlso up and . call her blessed.' J WOMAN'S VOICE. I have often felt impressed with a great desire to write my feelings and the thoughts that pass through my mind while meditating on the work of God, and as lam a great thinker, I have been led to contemplate the glorious and most wonderful works of the Almighty, and it causes my heart to rejoice that I live in this day and age of the world, and that my spirit has been reserved till inis aispensaiion or tno minessioi times;" and I wish to bear my testimony to the work of God. I know that this1, is tho true church, and kingdom of God, and it will break In pieces all other churches, and will stand, no more to be thrown down. My desire is to do gobd, although I feel that I am one of the weakest of my' sisters; but I know, that If we are humble and faithful and prayerful before fcGod that He will bless us. I have often thought I would like to cast In my mite with thoso that write for the woman's paper; their words are a great comfort to me, and I trnst to all who are Interested In the Gospel. Let us, my sisters, live our. religion at home, and let us be ever ready to respond to every call ot those who are placed over us. We hold, our, meetings every two weeks, in the meeting house, and a good spirit prevails amongst us. Let ua keep tho Spirit of God in our hearts, having , 