The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Rigbts of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, J13 Vol. 9. I: DERNFQRD DALE. r ; MX BAKLT HOMJE, THIBTT-riYT- B TEARS ,&.G0.J . Shall others, swect Valley thy praises rehearse verse? silent and be my my lyre, And unstrung Forbid it my muscl and if lowly tho strain " When the lwart" shall dietate, 'twill not all b2 in vain. But who in this age of refinement, and art Will d;ija to admire where these have no part? Who thn will admire my favorite theme Where nature alone presides over the scene lis by no means despised, 'Tis ray Home! in that word is a volume comprised; There I've tasted the mixture of life, good and ill, And such has endeared it more lastingly still. Bat hayflelds, and cornfields, and water and wood, Are dceniM in a landscape essentially good, Then I fancy we still have a claim 'twill be found, For in these my loved valley is known to abound. So beit by me - i If those have no merits, then come to "the grove" The song of the nightingale, all surely love! There, she reigns Prima donna, and charms the whole ' scene And black birdv and thrush pour their sweet notes tween. I love too, to stand ori the rush covered "fen" And list to the cry of the lapwing and then The voices of frogs, far away from the scene, All these spak of hours, and days that have been.-- strings, whose music is heard only by the spirit's ear. But they emerge from this Elysium and they become at once "one of us," knowing good and evil, seeing it, feeliug it, and in some measure sometimes partaking of it to. their feel keenly, and sorrow; for such in same the enjoy ratio; they are organized for heaven, but like the rest of the human family, they have to pass through an earthly probation; such, with many others, were Alice and Phoebe Cary, they had their "inner temple" over "swept and garnished," but they came out and shut the door and went about their daily avocations of life as other people did, assisted in housemaids' duties, in the cooking, in the confeetion-er- y and were excellent jn All;, wen 1 to market basket on arm, brought home the needful for the table as business like as "Bridget" herself could do it. Phoebe would always remember to bring home a sweet bouquet for Alice s breakfast table and another for her writing table, which were ever inspirational, for they were the offerings. of 4 the sweetest Jove that one mortal could oner to another. She also ever brought with her a spirit of "fun," reciting at the breakfast table all the ridiculous scenes she had witnessed in her marketing tour, causing merry Laughter, that assisted digestion marvelously and helped the spirit to a healthy, tone for the rest of the day, making observations on life's motley phases, as few have the taet for doing, weeping over some yes, ever ready to weep with ike mourner, as to rejoice with the nappy, and then all thi3 would be simmered down into thrilling and beautiful articles for the papers, for the that has made magazines, for poetieaLw?" tho iroria ring with their praises, has often com- forted the momner, cheered the depressed, and made them weep and laugh almost in the same moment; by their pathos, and by their ridiculousness. In reading Phoebe's productions, they excite the same contrariety of feeling as in reading that pathetic writer Lawrence Sterne;her writings call out the same contrast of feel Fevfe," "The ing as in Sterne's "Maria," "Le cannot wo moment read for one Prisoner," etc., is some sentiment next evolved, the laughing, so exquisitely touching, that we are obliged to that arstop and swallow down the heart-so- b thee! I Jove our voice. Yes, Phoebe, dear, rests I appreciate thee, and thy revered sister Alice! What women these were to be proud of, their woman's room, pictures ought to adorn every on every wofound be their beautiful writings ofall were man's' table; for they imitation; Worthy in their selweliance, in the noble way in which devotion they fought the battle of life! in their the beau- Him"in to their God! they worshipped out ty of holiness," in literally working Oh!their my salvation to the best light they had. imitate and then their read Jives, young sisters, indomitable their the perseverance; truly were they workers for woto public good, truly were they help-meedaily on the man; and to attain this end,-layithat the think none Let of altar emoluease and of lives are litcraU of Jives the rest assured ment; whatever they receive, sweat the brain of itv the earn by they and by the sweat of the heart, for no one, whose by the hard hand of harp has' not been strung as so to strike the chords write can experience, An imaginative heart. in that lie deep every senses but it the excite and writer may touch "the Car under is only the one who has passed and heart the touch can of Juggernaut" that has writer the which infuse into it the spirit by be to very grateful to been inspired. We ought of then-owmaterial those who lay out the beautilul heart and brain for our edification, and refreshment; amusement, for as it were, in a mirror view to our hold who up discover and character view can we which wherein we resemble the model, and where we lay are deficient; and though many read, and and with apathy thoughtless aside the missive yet lam thankful to saylhere is still a mighty mass of mind, full of gratitude of the world; and love, for the delve who deep in the hid-,- i those heart explorer m;nfa rf human wealth, and bring up to the I surface the gold and the silver, and the Jewels . 1 WBITTEX 15, l.c80. be- - I, love, when the day and its turmoil ia done, To ramble unheeded, unthought of alone, Then ascend to the hill, overlooking the dell, And list to the sound of the 6wcet village bell; -- those, sweet village bells are delightful to me, How often T hear them ring out' oVr ths lea; And that morning we, walked out of Church side by side How joyous they wclcom'd the Bridegroom and Bride. Oh! -- morning, how blandly they ring, And the old year's departure the new usher in! Yes, yes while I live I'll rememler those lells, Their tongues have a language that nothing else tells: These are pleasures that pall not, they soften tlie heart And peace, and serenity ever impart; They draw us from earth, our thoughts fly to Him Who made this fair world, our Creator and King; These are some of the beauties, and charms of my sphere You may think that which follows a simple idea, That immured in a Town I should ever bewail The simple enjo3Tnents, of dear Deraford Dale! H a NX ah T. Kino. -- On'xmas-da- y , self-relianc- e, self-supporti- ng ts REFLECTIONS ON THE BRIEF REVIEW OF THE LIVES OF ALICE AND PIKE BE CARY. BY HANNAH T. KINO. In reviewing the live 'of celebrate I men and women, many are apt to consider them as beings apart from the re3t of mankind; and indeed, in a large sense, they are so; in other senses they are of the masse. It is very true that they have a world of their own, a region in which the spirit "lives and moves and has its beiug;" a withdrawing room, if you please, into which they retire at any moment, and feel there they breathe an atmosphere that feeds, regenerates and invigorates their soul- !- An "inner temple" iqto which they take only themselves and God! There-they- , have a consecrated shrine, there they feel heaven is around and about them; holy spirits administer to them, and they come out renewed and refreshed. Outside that door they leave the world, their, cares, their petty annoyances from those who do not understand-them- , from those whose spirits are hot of their calibre; therefore often jar the chords of the fine instrument of a thousand ng self-sacrific-e. -- n our-comfort- non-appreciatio- .and n, brain-worke- rs No. 2. that were before burled in "the dark uhfathomed "caves" of human hearts and ' brains. God gives them inspiration, and they wear the ."singing robes" that He prepares 'for the minstrels, that . are also ministering spirits in his hands and missionaries on his earth! AN ADDRESS TO idAN. ' The general medleyT remarks, good, bad and indifferent, made by bSh sexes ancj, all classes, and creeds; calls up in these qdestions: What is wonian? What is her mission in this life? And what rights does she claim? The Scriptures teH us that woman was created, for a companion and helpmeet tonah, because "it is not good to be alone." They twain to be one, and their mission in this life, to people the earth with intelligent beings. These intelligent beings, the embodiment of the immortal spirit "with the mortal body; unlike other creatures-the- y begin life with such protracted" helpless, ness, that no one "would attempt to say, that woman's mission, could end with the "bearing of the sons of men." No! It is but a beginning-o' . her task, even The intelligent mother knows intuitively, trie infant mind, is her task, that the mold and her a3 the framing of as m" cares and anxiety increase with the ago and 1 -number of her offisprtng; mother's whose lover teachings and Men followed them have through" life; like a prayers, halo of light, through the darkness of doubts and temptations; will readily allow woman' voice, to be h card in all matters per taining to the ny-min- d f inf its-bod- y: . . social weal. Drop all traditions into oblivion and taking consistency for a guide, consider whether woman, in her own sphere, that is, by the side of her husband and surrounded by her children: fiK ia7tfnntKia JJLISV if 11V o rtftVt for f .n" rnroar t h on A AAi3 fa t I'll Jj JA Vt - U c - - A. her brother man, in the uprightness and inoral- - in whicri she lives. of How much safe ty. is there mothers and daughters, aye and sons, in a nation ruled by a fraudulent and corrupt government? None.' But says one: There are so many foolish, giddy women! Well, my friend, are wise men the mojority? If so, whence all this general mistrust, contention and fraud? Whence this gigantic extravagance on which is wrecked honesty, loyalty and confidence. Women foolish, vain and giddy? Yes, many-are- , and whose fault? Have not men, ' brought about this state of atfairs, by giving to the vafn butterflies, the preference over women of worth? Shape and turn the question as we will, the ugly, but palpable fact stares us In the face; that man has hitherto endeavored to keep woman ignorant and incapable of solid pursuits in life; that she might be a mere toy in his hands, and in some countries his slave, de facto. Nay my brother man! Fear not, that woman may arise, as your rival, and perchance, tangle the meshes of politics more than they are already. She wishes not to be a rival; but a true helpmeet. ... Not a lobfraudulent byist, to assist in working out own her in and to but right, openly, schemes; without a about in reform, assist man bringing which, society must necessarily become a wreck. It is not that Woman wishes to rule, but she demands the privilege of a voice in electing, the men who shall rule over, and make laws for herself and offspring. Deny her not! For her love pure and unselfish her urges heron, and she will not rest, untilBoat. Life hand grasps the Itudder of this great E. C. F. Morgan, June 10th, 18S0. for-theyirt- i ue, -- , Home lniBLiCATiON: "Prose and Poetry? is the title of a new book in pamphlet form. A collection of original articles from the pen of Mrs. Emily B. Spencer, of St. George. Some of them were written in the Temple.. The book contains 83 pages, and is for sale at this. office. : Price 50 cents.;,.) ' :v;:;j 