The EigMs of iLT FABLE. ' '. Ifcflttingluiaeychango. Each golden strand was zuado of two, Divided oboeyet lkfkm anew. She blessed the gift, bidding tbxpalr To take of it most sacred care. And pr awhile I scarce need tell That all for them In life went well, At last, (such ilia will come along) a. - ' ele-nents- J ri 4. '1' 3 x ? e irccn unps, W . , ycfej-wit- Bin nq . strong for our resistance. "Were we permit-te- d to read one exist chapter in the ence of many persons, and know the traits of character bequeathed to them by their parents; ias ; ct; ourT - '. aJ 1 -- the,rt. How forcibly do these simple words of JWus portray his eharitv for a fallen woman; but how diflerent the charity of men aqd wonien professing the same religion ! When a woman falls a victim to man's evil persuasions, it is the custom among all Christian people to look upon her as a thing beneath their notice, except it be to point the finger of scorn at and call vile names; and yet, if we possessed one "spark .of the charity of Jesus, the worst accusation that we would feel Justified in making is, that she was very weak; and in many instances, could We know all the circumstances and realize the power of the tempter, and the arts and devices used to deceive and lead astray," and how long and cunningly the betrayer has pursued his victim, our censurfe JjJghtbe turned to admiration for the strength resisted so long. But we only see the fall; Uod alone sees the conflict, and He only is com-- 1 ten t.to judged He alone knows how to. draw line between wilful sin and the temptations Jhe pre-nat- al fr r JAJiey self-negle- CHARITY FOR THE FALLEN. thee; go, and Such a home neVer entire! v fades from tlieniind in its pur)fying airjpvkb w'ks Wared ho.tvi far they may have strand TroSMV ifitnfluences 'and as far in moments of re-romvlHteyaiii ar those early and cahUX.ck. iaappiv; jaw iimuzn are totaugut to reaUze reut, Augusta Jojck Cmufpumos. more. ... : of "5". laixL-Whe- J condemn . jf . "Neither do : No. 1. s f, m- f irfhalf usf ,, m . itifejr u pneld oname&Dy XxemXimfacB. The lovely "emblems on tbeiLJaced, 1880. IfHJ. -- ywi5Hihir bir May 19th tirL.J renJe-slbranc- aced. Became by careless But never dir&y ebon&aho trftJd, And still theytdre a stress That heavier;! until one daj The hadd gTwn weakktilroppedjwaii. And severed thSs, they drifted wide, I One out upon life s resriev tide; . The other silent afea S peace. b Grown fairer Bldbe thours release; ' With the safe passportlo that re He. mends all hoe's broken idrands. ;K UTAH, JUNE 1, 188a M.m. ; 1 bv ivK oT liorne amusements) - Lm plenty - deif e icUvIsitquestionable Pa-meno fcavo fr-?will t Vie? 0fPaT n you tne nrbirthplace of llomeis ijave ual 2 . bjang fctftjfcner,Himt piacesot i recreation, .a t. t k i oruou-aa-in ?i i vrAit tt. r ueeus. mnume vrar "iruieciMa udoii umereni uie MMuru jwm evji L holwAnd Mve, look back to the tlblfeefbre:uit r - jpes around us in childhood, deuends our future - uujiu wus j&ss upon vuo gretii sea. or numan ui jeer: u goou, our course tnroufui juc.wjm snow see a if if evil, nothing good can emanate from it, It of ymij formi trial,and tJisJnot seves tamuot arougg Aviyn yeu alone a home of drunkenness and vice that mg"rcharit and one for evil Inilaenee overall ildren.v-enri ity pity homes no. where the shield4nd poiiit vj parents are lsttyiw 6u H lack but the ele- Hrruimid may4 industrious, then, periods they do I condemn thOT tHndh ments tnar constitute a goou home, parents get more. I know that suchl "rumen ts and such eharitv angry and let their passions ruld Uiem instead of as I would urge calm reflection, A motlier or father's notice of a sister who has from and asant the of would virtue stepped appreciation of a child's wants and presence path pi be met by many wife .the taanting reply that should never be overlooked; for a child who is "you are as bad-a- she, or you would not have so continually crossed in his wishes can jiBver few be amiable. Parents should, refer much chanty." Yet, who would think of cast and WW then to errors, as a words possibles ing reproaches upon the purity of Jesus because show a forgiving dPsiti01 sliKut reproof is Tar his charity? The virtuous may abhor sin, yet For many better than anwrid.-iiavangrye denuflciation. ity the sinner; and it is their love of virtue gome; .c bacKriiKe the Would to au tlfat reclaim with kind er?uuy prompt them - uove to the ark, after the firf(Urahsgrasiori,but ness tjiose who have forsaken are cruelly driven, beyond recall by harsh plead the eamo cxvuse ior men that I have for words and menacing taunts; the savage charity women, did they not already claim too mucl of an unforgiving soul, forgiveness for sins rebutXpicaa for helpless sympathy from.r society: pented should be one of the rule of home. The otnned against so much more women, who -same offence, if possible, should never be referthan.they sin. Society supports and smiles upon to. red Speak volumes of praise and mild 'reliSnn'hile he injires woman, who can claim and proofs, you'll find love and liking be4eath no no synaotny from the same source tharhiejds him.. The wickedness of a man results of the want of unfeivat. home. . The who pursues a woman to her rimi U only winkparent who fails to mingle 0tR and enjoy the ed at by society, whEe the wof4rLsmay plead of hln children, and children that with Kopiptv for mercy, may wasn out her hm'Jgr Jtjght their hold familiarity with, parents, and dreadfrankwith bitter tears of repentance, and tnAhe than use rather and deception eartli by day beneath the crushiua serine of shame present?, ness, are subjects vt pty wl sue in danger of nd humiliation; xmt that will avail notning. hable at any time to fan ruin and Society, does hot speak the words of Jesds; it contentions that sepaa flame into discorded have only .turns reproachfully and says, "You men into dens of rate the no sending young family, 'sThned once, that is sufficient; there is heip and and to to heHs, down gambling driving from iniquity, go for you now, no hope, only deeper to outcasts become fair is But who roofs, daughters parental degradation and eternal misery. women of and Woman s tate o of things? much to blame j this ffcal women who have obAll herself. Woman, remember that you are a part should tained n 4w their works, gay that to you of that society that would scorn you fall. Be not you the one to crush your fallen home, &rrttmDCS, all to their mothers, is due untarnished not draw the credit forMio fame they have gained. Then do garments your sister; such an air of superiority, but around you, parente, fto the builders of our characters, and our l3" r Parents wtto are too ready to lisever think," If ou ifUght have fallen as low as she, ten to, anv jliefo hearsay accusations against hauyou been tempted equally ."And you may yet their chifUen, are the direct framers of a foundasee thetime when you can say, "She has but tion that will dissolve a united family, and scat stumbled in the pajh that I in weakness trod." ter the inmates, causing mem to oecume associNo human bpfcag can be frozen back to a .life, of ates of strangers. To such parents I would say, virtue more effectively than theycanT)e drawn believe what you know to be true, and be a conback by kindness and true charity. Few hearts fiding parent, ever ready to protect your child are so innately bad that they cannot be refoAned talk; confide in him your fears Oixve against skuiroiii by the powW of love. mild aud affectionate words, and of wrong, with gif he will not then tell you alibis acts, I judge .human nature wrongfully. Who sliould ,be THE INFLUENCE OF HOME; more confiding than parents and children?. Who should protect and defend a child against wrong Good, bad or indifferent characters are moldwith the greatest force of determination? Cered at home; and polished abroad. The more Yes, it should tainly you will say "a paftnt." the valuable more the mold casting. find it the rethe wo do perfect be a parent; but how often The more careful the polish the more lasting take again within the verse. Arid parents who above to the apply will I are article. attempt the brightest the home circle, an erring one; and to the permanency of life. Young molding of figure speech flowers met with on the pathway aiu to of the numan cnaracier. iuo wwum men and young women I appeal youiorand with frank suggestive more be smiles, to radiant fpure other circle, wind,If you err, connue to parents. your .confiding to home make that mind3 prefer tial in framing the fact to your best counselor; one, who gave leisure time their to which in spend the place birth to your existence; one who is ever ready "Good or, brother, "Good night" The welcome to stand by you in sickness, and soothe your I "How or the enjoyed in fevered brow; on who. has shed and will shed night" sister, retiring; or simiproposed "the gameyou that reading," the bitter tear at your misfortune, sieknesaor and concern lar sayings are intended to bind children death. Withhold nothing that may find them that ties be less will eyer you parents with inseperable character, and be aured before your formalities cold to the affection your parprefering home liable to deceit and equivocate place more wrongful committing of the outer world, rff there is one well ents. Guard against no other will like heaven than another, it is a bright, sunrequire and your reputation acts, is the element, love ruling Nannie World, shiny home; where protection. and where each one's aim is to promote the hap. Salt Lake City, May 1st, 1SS0. other members of the family. E. Doe day, something with tfem went wrongf And hastily one of them spoke In lirrlirat. vnrd Tnvf AntlviMIrfk One golden lidk. No mortaj hand Could mend the work from fairy land. So ever hung before their eyqs, Tbobrokea strand, a sad su prise. Ah! said the fairy, umi jeat '; w There's going tab trouble here, With patience broken there are few Can guess bow" such there'll be to rm And sure enough, it wja not long, Before some other thKfg went wrong; And judgment, without mercy sweet, Like Shy Jock, urged his claim complete. And 'neath the stress and burden hard, The strand that broke, was true regard. Though Hurtled, the wnpng doer sought No angel aid, but Inly thought; 1 Why yield my heart to vain regretr" The strongest str&pds are left me yet; Why tnd the powers of my soul, 1 And every impulse fresh,"contrOl? Shall I my nature free, restrain? fV3 'Love And forgiveness freidin, V And pure asgdand strong as Bteci, These two can all life' can feeL ' " -And keeping aft&y before view Kelianoe on Ibis anchor rue; Turned here aud vrLs, The plantom Joys of Ufa to share, . 1 Thinner and tlinper grew the. st rands, J ory CY, JB JUdWanen' ofilHNations. canrUifiiibrir inOuerinVCl (salteardlfa tho, LAKE M XX .SwP hrew they tfere n(owed yith prppensities that were so inu1ihiy,f tompedi ttheir existence that they tolling and ness and inu jAki bbfl in sulimllqnj uie puor uriuur oi nejpist'cu come an easy rc5,. 5i f) ... iM aoTjkUkrJand, Two happy lovers vcddjd and, A fiilry mother to ttenj .brotigh A chain of fold, i jly er wrought With quaint nlbgnd strange, Ctocef T of Zion, and the 'Eighta Vol. A i. JT I h Jhuro. -- pinessoflthe 