No. 4. DREAMLAND. LIFE INCIDENTS. The following sketch will show how the Apostles went forth to preach the gospel. Father How often doth the tir'd and weary soul No. II. says, "we were without purse or scrip, and were s which control carried across the prairie, about fourteen miles,, Long to burst the J1Y IlKLEX'MAR WHITNEY.' to a shanty near the railway, 'where Brother O. Its every impulse j Wheji worn with grief, V V relief M. hearts to Duel lived.- We were unable to carry our that "What brings pure weary ' On 14th the Presiof small trunks into the house; Sister Duel, seeing day Which springs untainted from affection's fount? September, 1839, dent our left feeble condition. nssisttMl iho W.ti Monthis at Brigham Young family Momenta of sweet joy o'er which we count was and rose, we were very much fatigued. A soon them in; brought by Brother Israel Barlow As count the greedy m'ieer o'er his gold? to my father's house, where he remained sick as we got into the houee she made us a cup of And on the crowded Bark of Life are rolled until hestarted with father on their mission to tea, which revived us, and prepared a bed for us Adown the dim and winding stream of years, to lie on. wife his with a babeonlyten Next moniiug England. Heleft with tears. alike pleasures-anwith all Iirothfr Diifil took ii tn Tiim.i. nlout twlv his children were sick and Freighted days old,!and unable to wait upon each other. On the sevenmiles. AVlien he left us, he gave each of us a "What tones tlie harshest feelings of this life ll dollar to assist us on our journey. Brother teenth Sister Young got a boy to carry her up To imdncsfc? forbids unceasing strife? from the river in his wagon to our house that then carried us in his wagon to Jfth ;At Softens pain? pillows sickness- into sleep? ., nurse she Mikse to comfort and her husband well's, near Quincy, about twenty miles. might While o'er the senses tete doth gently creep, of hour the was The babe mother's My fatigue of this day's journey was too much starting. A nameless calm a. sweetness of repose, weeks old, and she was sick with chills three for our feeble health. We were prostrated and Which but to feel we'd bear, unnumber'd'woes? aud fever. The day before they started my obliged to tarry a few days in Quincyy when we 'Tis Dreamland That oasis in Life's waste; father had two very heavy shakes of the ague, began to recover. The brethren preached a few That freedom of the soiil in which we taste and was very sick through the night. On the times in a meetiing house close to the Congrega and tionalist church. of the of the the Brother Charles joys Again pleasures They commenced their morning eighteenth at different hours from the brren,f Hubbard sent his wagon and span of horses with love of beauty and of truth. meeting us by ring' to took notion their1 a therefore and were into the trunks s driver, they put In dreams the soul, unbnrden'd pf ita care, commenced we had afiei wagon by some brethren who had come to biding their bell furiourtime. Floats on the wings of pleasure through- the air. Elder John E. Page - them good bye. Previous to starting, while. they our meetins1- Atone With what unbounded j6y it takes Its flight, to tlie noise of the so as drowu loud vrcvtohcd "were" taking breakfast, father got Brother Jlub-,- . hundreds who some And soars iiitd those blissful realms of fight.rf bell, and thus brought I bitrd. anikanother brother to cut down an oM to meeting. I eome not would have Where the mind, untrammerd, Uncohfia'd an;,free otherwise hollow tree, which hung over the house, it had. chills and the was prostrated with fever, and Iay revel in' ifs own' wild ecstacj4' he could not bear to leave worrjed nim sothat of Sister's house at the the time of staved most ' And with a'mothcr's fondness lingers oer tffl he saw it ' felled - to the . ground; when - he who bestowed and Xntura Abigail Pitkin, every heard 4 1 fall he 'said, iiAcn the; same time. r' 11x9 joynow-los-t loreyernorej could. , Dr. Or--. me kindness upon possibly they from-thAs it lies cradled in the lap of Tiine?; ' table,' to tV Jti" TTf Ct a trivstjxr M tfttv-- n tm i ht p. t tan tr . Is best told' by himself. He says: In innocence &n& beanty Ji4l.0atlliue. to to me administered were kind and me, very thd jjed and shook 'hands with my la dreams, perhaps, the spirit viewa again In nw fwhlo tfttft.i ,t with ague,: was" the who shaking haying wif; 11 a.m., The little stream thronghltho gfen; itwo children lying siek by her side; I , embraced September 25th, We left Qujncy atwas sorrow better. The dear old My great feeling considerably; iher and my children," and bid them farewell; the pQ';ro and whlei th woodbind lng$ , and sick so our of to see brethren dying, And Heber aud it many well child 1'arley, ibtoiiragf yr&iyyjatiljiai( brrnginHH only in consequence of being driven from Missouri, - TJm grassy spotv fajrfjidsthejsh was Svitii dilllculty he could carry a mid exr$;ed to huuirer and cold. Brother Ly Close seated near some softly fullof Water from a spTmgt tpail jmurmcrihg brOok; man Wiaht took U4 iu a wagon and i a small hill to assist In' quenching their thirst.; Moonlight bowers, bright skies, and waters' clear; j. i us to C.C. Brother carried rtfch'e,at Burton, where It was with difficulty we got lntottlie wagonauiL The huru-obirds, and songs it loved to hear; . we the night. -- Brother Vight stayed through started down the hill about ten rodsj it appeared And lonsly walks, through woods and by, the sea, predicted many things, and Jeft his blessing to me as though my very Inmost parts would And happy muctings fall of mirth and glee;. with us when he bade us farewell. May God melt within me: leaving my; ftinallyi in euch a bless him and save him in His kingdom. While at each turn it takes it seems to meet condition, as it were, almost n the arms of ' 20th. Brotlier .Bich carried us to Brother The faceathat: jt loved to greet, , t death; it seemed to me as though I ouid not And deeper joys fill up each place Wilbur's; while ori the road the chills came on endure it. I said to the teamster, "Hold up." me again, and I suffered much pain and fatigue. Said I to BrotherBrigham, "This ia pretty Like bright stars midst the dim In heaven's Space; On the 27th Brother Wilbur took us in fa ain't .it? LelVTise up and .give'them And dreams, desires, and, aspirations high, avugh, buggy about iis miles, to the home of James cheel.'5 We arose and swinging our Aud visions of bright hopes flit swiftly by Allred, in Pi tte field, 1. hats 'three times over " our heads we rcried All mingled In one glad, one 28th.-FatAllred carried us to the place joyous throng, Hurrah? Hurrah! Hurrah. for Israel!" Vilate That bears the soul in ecstacy along. Brother Harlow Bedfiekl lived, where we where noise arose from her bed and came the hearing ' branch of the Church on small to a Thus Tike the little honey bee that sips preachekl to the door; she had a smile On her face and she V Its garner 'd sweetness from each flowr'ets lips," Sunday 29th. ; us, "Good and Maty Ann, Young cried out to Brother Brig-hacarried 30th. Brother Bodgers ' The seul culls from the bye, God bless you:'? We returned the compliJoys of by gone years and to Brother Decker's, myselfto Mr, Bos- A tenderness which thli frail life endears. ment and then told the driver to go aliead. father-m-fawell Murray's, my they were JivAfter this I felt a spirit of jov and gratitude atn r, each other, near ing within a few rods of a also found 0, Dreamland! Thou sweet haven of pure joy having the satisfaction of seeing we in Scott County. Here her feet, instead of leaving her in hif The only one man few in the thurch, who had been brethren knows, without alloy I did that as I knowing To thee we turn when sorrow of their property in Iissou-r- i; robbed smitten aud bowa the heart-W- hen for two or more years.", again in comfortable circum- once more were which our pam they willingly with this poor life we'd part-- To voung to sense the dep anguish . Lord. in the thee we turn, with many a weary sigh we children atvent bitterly when our . stances, rejoicing to Lorenzo D, entsfeltyet carried were We October 1st. And taste of pleasures that e&n nerer die. father came to bid us farewell, not knowing that where President of Young, Young's, a brother we would ever see him again in the flesh. Both Joy follows joy each In succession gleams, staved and recruited our etrength until the w And from thy fountain well life's dearest dreams; he and Brother Young were going away eosick to Jacksonville, where 4th, when he carried us the wagon without In thee we find what life can ne'er attain ' they were unable to get into we stayed .the night. A" sister in the Church so vivid before me that scene The assistance. js We feel a joy hired a horse and buggy to caror a to. Springunmingled with a pain. are blinded with tears as I try to write; diseyes my field, and Brother liabcock drpve us there, a Old Oak. a but words fail to describe Jt- - Qur grief tor received tance of 85 miles, where we were kindly time was very great, but the knowledge that by the brethren, and nursed; Brother Brigham Almighty to carry they were messengers of the confined to his bexi by. sickness; Brother was m darkness Umt were who Mineral SocTVpNiRS.Ir. und Mrs. Wiliam to those glad tidings Llbeus T. Cooa who was practicing medicine of u Folger have received frotn Mrs. Elmira P. the of blessings also Brothers be'partakers might they those who ; attended upon him. Here he found sustained lufts, a lady friend in Salt Lake CityTto whom of salvation, the Hedlock. I Gospel George A. Smith, T. Turley and R. eybad sent a piece of Plymouth Bock and ' were left." 'The hymn containing these lines to house strengthening and house went from was often sung by wi and aRPf?P-ria.w- f ojner New England relics,) collection of miner--eludi- " them the comforting the brethren, and teaching they a gold lump weighingiI-- 2 ounce, were in our desolate recovered so far was they of the kingdom. J things ug from a mine in Tiutic a lump: sweet comfort: Distri6t,Utah, on tne baoDaui, wnicu iuocu brought I tliat preached silver ore, specimens of gold quart from In health, towards us; they got a two sickness, in love of 'h every condition, great feeling ' Ln ' paid City, Utah; 'crystahzed ?alt:ffomr; horse wagon and harness, for whiche they . 'in poverty's rale, or abounding in wealth; feat Salt dollars thirty-fiyLake, and salt obtained ' from the collected e and the fifty-fiveea, dollars, .At homo or abroad, on the land or lron ore &c. &c. and a pfece of gra-- J be. for the company hall in Bnccor so money thy An thy day may demand, from the Mormon Temple. Mr.-Tuft" of the Judges of the Supreme Court, of the State to go, . Tr?0f 8C0vered that she is a descendant from ' When through the dwp waters I call thee of Illinois, took me to' 14s house.-- I stayed ' nstrarn Coffin, and 5a :o'f borrow hatl not thee o'erfiow, on.the enthusiastic three-nightrlrert Ttie and. the, most part or1 very, him with Wees, to tronbles ending the membership" fees For I will tarwith thee thy three days; He gave me five dollars t When and entire family. dlstreB'' to thee thy deepest And - care-chain- - -- - d Bid-We- - yonth-i-Unblemishf- - Jarb . - - - - : , fc ini. e tri ; , ce 'W&T77r tr 1 : that-wander'- aV-lit- tla . two-qua- rt the-bottom- of one-hor- se f , i" , ; " well-know- n I t , , her : m -- w, " Win-olieste- e stand-ingupo- my-wlf- lu2' - . , ' ng : , i : nffln J. H?, yfRi s eanctify , 