4 R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. that they were talking to the Saints, Ureed in unnecessary labor, to the neglect of our the-- sisters to be punctual and children in sending them to meeting; referred regular in Atto the growing infidelity in our midst, and tending meetings should the we good Bishop Pouben said there was & pleasure in continually keep thought before them, that it mignt get the precedence doing our duty that only a Saint can feel Commended the faithfulness and diligence of of evil. Spoke of the great pleasure she exthe sisters in the societies, nnd perienced in meeting with the children, of encouraged them to continue in doing good, and keep the their improvement, and of the importance of their being punctual, and setting the example Spirit of God, for without the spirit of our . TTT" .1 i i I'll to oe on time, wisnea to imto tne ennaren calling we could not do much. Sister Eliza said there was a deficiency in press on the minds of the sisters to commence the time Stake organization, there being no Treatheir meetings at the appointed. Sister B. W. Smith was pleased with the surer. Sister Maria Home was presented and sustained to fill that office. privilege of meeting with the Saints in peace; had attended the first organization in the days Meeting appointed for the presidents of the of Joseph, where he had instructed the Society societies at 6:30 at Sister Thurber's. Conferto adopt the use of parliamentary rules. ence adjourned .until Saturday at 10 a. m. Choir sang an anthem. Benediction by Bro Thought we should teach the children not to use tea, coffee, tobacco, whiskey, nor to lie, Ence. steal nor swear; and by so doing they would Saturday, 10 a. m. Meeting opened with become great and good. Urged us to observe singing ana prayer, toister luiza greeted the the Sabbath day. Prayed that we might not assembly with a pleasant good morning, and into we have a but that go apostacy, asked each and every one to lift their hearts in might good time during Conference, and that the prayer to God, that we might have His Holy blessings of the Lord would rest upon Israel. Spirit to be with us through the remainder of Sister Eliza explained that she had been this Conference, as this would be the last meetora mission assist in the to given priesthood ing for the sisters. Spoke with feeling upon ganizing the Relief Societies; hence, some had the importance of a teacher's calling; encourconceived the idea that she organized. aged them to obtain the Spirit of the Lord Pres. Thurber spoke of the quiet, peaceful when visiting the sisters, that they might be spirit which always prevailed at the sisters' enabled to comfort the sorrowing, strengthen meetings, and of the good influence they exthe weak, and become Saviors in Zion. Counerted, and of the universal liberty and freedom seled us to be charitable to each other and enjoyed by the Saints in the Kingdom of God. help one another to overcome. Spoke of plural Alter some good and instructive remarks by marriage and her feelings when she first neard Sister Bean, Conference adjourned until two it; how she had obtained the victory over p. m. Siuging and benediction. them, and how Bhe felt now. Referred to the 2 p. m. Meeting called to order Pres. time when the prophet first received the revelaby Bean. After the usual opening exercises, the tion and the effect it had. Rejoiced in the presidents of. the different wards cave a verbal useful lives of the many good sisters in this report of the Societies. They reported the Church, and in the glorious reward they would Societies to be prosperiner. and as a ceneral obtain by their faithfulness. Instructed them thing fh'e' sisters were willing to do all in theif In regard to wt&Magmnointing-an- d adroini. power to aid in advancing the work of the to each other. tering kingdom. Sister Bathsheba bore her testimony ,to the Pres. Bean encouraged the sisters to do bettruth and divinity of plural marriage, of its ter in the future, and to live humble, be prayerrefining and elevating influence, and the ful and alive to their duties. ward if lived right. Sister Eliza gave the Secretaries some inSister Bean bore her testimony to the truth structions in regard to keeping the books, fec. of the same. Related some of her experience Spoke of the benefit and beauty of children in trying to live plural marriage, and the tesbeing taught to work, and those who were timonies of the Spirit to her and its comforting were the ones that generally made their mark influence. in the world and become useful members of After a few good remarks by Brothers Bean society and the kingdom of God. Sister Bathsheba thought we were all laborand Thurber, the Conference adjourned until Jan 1st, 1881. Choir sang "This is my coming in a school which embraced every princiof the and mandment." Benediction Dy Bro. Thurber. Gospel, ple hoped we would study those principles thoroughly. Advised us to Elizabeth Bean, Pres't adopt the plan of ruling our children by love Catherine A. Hunt, Sec'y. and kindness, and bv gaining their esteem and confidence we would be enabled to have a much greater influence. QUILTS. Sister Spencer felt thankful for and much pleased with the visit of the sisters from Salt Salt Lake City, Oct. 29th, 1880. Lake, and had enjoyed the meetings very Sister E. B. Wells: much, and esteemed it a great privilege to be numbered with this people. In passing the Twelfth Ward Assembly Sister Thurber felt desirous of responding to Rooms yesterday, I was accosted by the Presicall made every upon her, and realized the dent of the. Ladies Relief Society and invited benefit and blessings to be derived from com-ifi- g in. I found quite a number of ladies present, to meeting;- - Bore her testimony to the working on two quilts. Finding that they reof what had been said. (4ruth quired a needle threader, they petitioned me to Sister Ruth Hey wood said she had been a become a candidate for the office. The quilts member of this Church for I believe were for the Temple hands, or some years, and could bear her testimony thatthirty she had never other such worthy object. regretted it. Spoke of the sublimity of the I thought if the' Relief Societies of each principles of honesty and truth. Felt thankWard of this Stake would do the same for like ful for the wise counsel and instruction we had purposes, there would be seventy quilts for received, and for the. organization of the Priseventy men now engaged on the Temple. If mary Association. Exhorted all to live so every Stake in this Temple District would that we may gain a celestial glory. .follow suit could not the families of the two Bishop Home, by the request of Pres. Bean, hundred Temple hands be supplied,aud assist m made some excellent remarks; referred to the making their families comfortable and .EappT' timidity of the sisters in arising to speak; enHow many Relief Societies will engage 'to do couraged them to overcome it, and remember R. C this? . J: The Conference, consisting of the Relief Societies and Y. L. M. I. Associations for the Eastern Arizona Stake of Zion, was held 'in Snowflalce, September 25th, 1880. Pres. Willmirth East presiding, After singings ' and prayer, Sister East expressed her gratitude and joy at meeting with the sisters in the capacity of a conference; realizing it to be the first of the Jrind ever held in Arizona. Welcomed all, and made a few encouraging remarks, after which reports from the different organizations throughout the Stake numbering in all, six Relief Societies, and four Y. L, Associations, (which were only effected one month befdre) were read, showing them to be in a prosperous' condition. The condensed reports for Relief Societies, gave a total of 186, officers and members, and for Y. L. M. I. A., a total of 108, officers and membersr Owing to the recent organizations, our finan- cial report was deemed scarcely worthy to be noted. Quite an amount of gleaning has been done by the sisters in the different branches, which will be reported at our next conference. During the meeting we were honored with a visit from Elders Erastus Snow and Brigham Young, of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, who were here from Utah, also Prest. Jesse N. Smith of this Stake. Brother Snow expressed great pleasure at finding the ladies' organizations so nearly completed; was earnest in his exhortations and congratulations to the sisters upon this, their commencement in a new country. Felt that the Lord had blessed them abundantly in their labors thus far, and would continue to do so. The following officers being sustained by the conference, were then blessed and set aoart to t Koirliffcrent callings, bv the Apostles, and ouiK.t5 auinormes present. Mrs. Willmirth Kast President oi Kelief bocieties for Stake, Mrs. Emma S. Smith, and Lois R. Hunt, her Counselors; Ida F. Hunt, Stake President of Y. L. M. I. Association, with Mrs. Nellie Smith, and Miss Emma Larson, Counselors. A good spirit prevailed throughout the conference, which was adjourned indefinitely. Several numbers of the Exponent are taken throughout the Stake, and they are indeed welcome visitors, bringing us glad tidings and words of consolation from the many dear ones left behind in our homes. We do not wish to be forgotten, and feel that though far away we may still be of service in the great cause, which is our earnest desire. first-Ladi- . es -- Ida F. Hunt, Stake Sec'y Relief Society. Minutes of the Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Sevier-Stake- , held at Rich-f.e.- d and 25, 1880. October Meeting called to order by Pres. Elizabeth tfean. Singing. Prayer by Pres. H. K. '1 nurber. Singing. The reports of the differ- :it wards were read by the Secretary. After uhich Sister E. R. S. Smith, by request, arose and addressed the congregation Was pleased fo see a few of the brethren present," as it showed that our interest in coming together was mutual; and also, that they might correct us if need be. Spoke on the subject of organization; said there were some societies which women had a right. to organize, such as the Y, L. and Primary Associations, but they had no right to organize a Relief Society; but they could asid the priesthood in doing so. Said if wo were living up to our duties we were Felt herself helpmeets to the priesthood. highly honored in being numbered with the sisters of the Relief Societies of this Church. Urged us to be devoted and faithful to our duties, and realize the great responsibility of rearing the young, and not to spend our time 2-- 1 1 1 " , -- 