m WOM JlN' S ;IB . ojght irlaj A weleomby Joseph Jlobinsori;, Dialogue,' Tho Ifardscrphblo: 'meeting, py sweet Sopff,AWke? I'hayhear jnuiJ," qjby ,Iiucyj and,;Mamie, Eobmspq; 4Jlec!tati'p,ii,;by Hector igE;;;fitiU?Npt go pajy,' Djalagu fhe .Flower, children, by fifteen girls and; three boys jSong, "Lit lie bt, nj mid Jlety Yatiaeetiere. t by) Frai$ Hess; Posinoongj IDisnaissed by; player pyifietthiiT bm-y- ' The number pf children that took pirtin the Concert was, 63. .j NO 0 FEMALE CONQUESTS. RU!3SErS CELEBRATED LIFT WD FORCE PUKPS. Pnm p Kpalred on short notice. tarOidern from the country promptly respouped ta.v jiddrw. David James, :t rBOORESS Of? - DISEASES of the EYE AND EAR aF HOME MADF TRUNKS for a1o by JOHN C. CUT-LRlt, Ajreut of tbPROVO WOOLEN MILLS, 014 -- s ' Shtwls, Llusejs, Jeans, Palace . J' ?! . ; succes. risiteslp if on. ' fffP T(Ti7 a T lil PLEAfNETS, of all FRENCH &e. - C LAS ES WANTED. . STORE. ,, .. . . call and 'examine the most complete assortment ol Curls, Braids Switches, Vxc , at Reduced Prices. All kinds of Hair Work made np in the kest. Artistlo style; Cash paid for Human Hair and Combings. v JOSEPHINE GREGORY, Salt Lake City. vi Kimball Block. 1 truth;' the next; good -- HilR tr jLadies are requested to ;l sensfe' humor; ithd - fourth, Temple. gdod the third, ft. Si W. HAVE YO0 SEEN 'THE NEW MI FlfS - . not yen should do soiat once, and examine the New TF A ldeas in The Machine is elegant in appearanoe and admirable in epera- iuijo vcjy rubiiy Bua w tauamuj qwm vuw"- ,' ' i;s.:i U QPECIAD- - UtTEXTIOX: CVATD to Fulmar and rrcscrrlmjr tho ? Katiical teeth. " Teeth Carcfullv S' ctfactod. False Tewh' Inserted 7 jrom 00a wota to a uu set, In the ' 4 ri "r l;".. IWi . .... . . i ST., OPPOSITE SALT! : n-- u,ioriis general advantages '"..ii.I o. UHOUSE. - , NEW SPRINQ STOOK. When a true gonius appears in, tho world, sup-V?0tb- "J JLaUIT "CITT. DRIED FflUiJS TfXnu first Ingredient In conversation is f f :.keplng..a imeu(al occupaiioni'neHh no jibUl&tert Am Special , departments for Gent'a Clothing and CariHJtfl, Ladies and Crilldren'ti Shoes, Dry Gooddj Shawls and Domestics, H&tdwaie Stoves. and Grocerlts, . ' at A AT TEASDEL'S life successful," she said, fIn which a true a noble character Is built up." She tirged, the impbrtl'n'co; of special w6rk, of 'order, heal thj cieanllness, promptness, suit' able dress 'and other dlemenfs" as valuable v?-- ..... . no one call hon9e Of in Life." "That some regions ihey would bo hfhly objec. tionabte bdt in others, whore women can t;doihe' work as efficleqtly as inenthere is 'ho rftbbriXvliy they'shduld not be appointed. you may know him by this sign; all the dunces re Id confederacy Against him. A AOJtlGOL TUBAL Silfford of Boston, a lady of J iHQU8EKEEPiNa.-L- et SIT . i iaU ' 13 Super-"vls6r,'- ? inKentucky and U Is probable that among the'sevierali thousand enumerators:! j who : wfllkld the? sub3antial work: of the consuiof a the1 Resent "year anconsIde,rabIe iproportion will be women Eouls liepublican;; t X. DBY, GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, , 1 u O. Wholesalo and Retail .Dealins; In all kinds Of flne'edutfoii' and' brilliant attainments leciu red recently' i n tht,c;ty on the subj ect Of "Elements'kSuccess -- , ns s. Z. 3 Dr. Mary ? . Uib-bo- latt t The IndianapolU Journal'! a necessity." ? i DY E - says "The lias tu womeu udmissiou of become politics , be accorded! thetn. And Voting' Is not the only privilege that females nave recently conquered, It. seems that tho mew ,jiey ridnbill.be- enumerators uncfer. Oehsus At all events,' tho Superintend i:flent 'Us aware of il reason existing inthe lawlfor1 regarding women as ineligiblo .for ap'polutment ks enumerators. .Eac -- East Temple Street. 17 -- HIV ultimately -- : Desires the ladirs of Salt Lake and those visiting- Conference to call at her show rooms and see her new stock of MILLlNBttr The latest and most stylish mode of Hal aud Bonuets In Straw, Felt and VeUeu Also a nice selection iu Flowers, Feathers, P.ushes, Velvet and ia the shades and stripes Country dealers, amies' ilair work Jn all Its branches. Good call pkase ' ' ' wor fuaranteed. ' that general exerrisoof it Which they hope ha 'sayjj! must judge lifor himself "wneiner sucn appoinimenis wouiaLDe prac- is 'district, In tldallyi advantageous No. e Cotton Batting;, Wool BatUny, Brooms, Washboards, Brushes, tc. 6Te. FlR8i ' manner ?,r f in-'h- Fa&hioriy 0 ilome-Mad- Brown Yarn, White Varus Tolored Yarns, Cassimeres, Tweeds, Blankets, Fiaunels, over-cornpui-so- ry - -- V Constltutiou Jiulldlug:, alo ; we effect nothing." ?Tell !You compel themi" said Anselm. me, then, 1 pray you,iif you planted a tree in your garden and enclosed it on all aides, so that it could, not spreal its; branches in any tlireetion, and after some years transplant it in an open space, what kind of a tree would it have become? Certainly a less cm'-wit- h 'creaked, :tangIec1, branches. And whose fault would It be but your fault, who trained the, tree in this : The advocates of femalo suffrage havo reason to be gratified at the progress of their cause. In Boston women are now allowed to vote for School Directors, and. at 'tne last school election nearly 1000 of them Wtualiy voted for a ticket which was beaten "Xishowing what perhaps the women had not appreciated belore, that voting does not al ways involve electing.t he ticket voted for. The New York Legislature has -followed the Boston example and- pas&edva bill not only allowing women 4o vote for school Dir Sectors but to bd School' Directors themselves, IprovitllngJthey can persuadea sufficient 'number-opersonalo ttito forlhem to elect themr-I- n Kentucky widows having child 'reti of school age havo the right to vote for ScHool'1 Directors. This ;is evidently the beginnings School Directors are i made a sort of apprenticeship or training schootn which the new suffragans are to be instructed in the new right before being permitted Lake City. . - . . SaZ OFFICE Dp 8tl&f8, in Old Constitution Builc'nr, Bceidence sIjc blocks east of Poet Offioet south side of '....-..;.street. special tuaj oas been given to ODetetrJcs diseases ol Women, and " THE WOMAN SUFFRAGE CAUSE IN AMERICA. Box 306, ROMMIil Br PRATT, - t VT1 . & Steam Fitter Tinnor, Gas, Water AGENT rOB . - - 4 Successor to Mitchell & J&wesJ - ? Clara i eanai4; Dialogue, Great , Lives," by fix boys and s gtrlsj bongjvuomeie by C. Smith and Kate Cotterall; Dialogue lCltt girisjiiiusie on the melodeofc, by little Miss - Song, iSJllJiobinsiin;lMaiogue, Bour Qut of D$U niliQat. .IuguiVby two To-iDig- P 0,N, E .N T. When it comes to bo considered how much i3 to be enabraced under the' general term 1 ' "housekeepihg'used in Its best and foil ' sense; It is plain to bo' seen' that there' is an ample field for the exercise of the most extended and enlightened" eilucation. Book, learning is not wasted; there Is every: day occasidu for its use, and the more readily and Intelligently artistic and scientific kno wled go, is applied : in7 domestic anliirs,' tte'tiio're easily the : work is accomplished a,rid thmbre pleasure giv6n in Its' results n ah to who are participants therein. iiHARsn Educational System. What Anselm of Conterfjury, at the end of the eleventh century, said against the rigid moTia3ticdiseiplineis admirable An abbot eompTalned,: in conversation with him, of the incorrigible youths who would not be amended by tll tho correction be adminis- tered. Anoelm replied, 14 You never cease Dealing the boys, and what sort of men wifl they be when they ; grow up?" ..Stupid aud brutish,M answered tho abbot MA good sign for your- method of .education', said Anselm, when you educate men into brutes." ;;Tho abbot answered, Is it our fault? Va try to compel thorn in all manner of ways, to be better, and yet JPisbopJj W, HpssOppip Song'Song? of theeart'bjr eight boysaod Prayers ten-bpyp- j X . Flv bunrwl ecc at Drc-fe- t;:u;: 1WJ Nnttoii t:;.,-;:- Aareac; wait Lke city.' jrjcu 01 IDI35rw:003DB'Z"- - tt U R E. FU R 0k)da Einbroiderle, Ruch Cwtoons of tLbbans. UlllUierj Stock iu the WtsL 'TiesCujranCDiiars Largest Wholesale 31. ir uiaus inaM you i Wiu , Atyrr AND'. (7 tec A R R I AfG Jy' E8 J. 