re- cellaneous; 1,iaar-Ahead-we- 30-t- otal the officers. There were over general and stake banners displayed by these societies. One of them bore the inscription. "The Youth of their Faof Israel will Sustain the Faith 60 thers." The Y. L. M. I. A. occupied three carriages, holding the Territorial and Stake presidents and other officers. Their banner was a large blue the inscription, "Y. L. M. I. A.," and the sentiment, "Improvement our Motto; Perfection our Aim." Following these came a carriage with the Territorial and Stake officers of the Primary Assoone, whereon was ciations. One of the neatest and most pleasing sights of the whole pageant was the Primary children 21 boys Associations' car. Forty-tw- o and the same nu mber of girls, representing the 21 bishopsVwards of this city, all dressed in white, and seated in the sleigh "Julia Dean' which was placed on wheels and beautifully decorated. It was drawn by six white horses, and above on a tall mast was a banner 6f pure white, with the words, "Primary Associations Of is of Over Such the Kingdom the Heaven," heads of the little ones was a canopy to shade them from the sun.' In front, on each .side of the driver, was a little wood nymph, seated and holding a silken rein, Attached to the mouths of the swans' heads oh the sleigh, and behind were two little sailors holding the ropes steadying the awning and the banner. This fine display wa the result of the energy, taste and labors of Sister Ellen S. Clawson, president of the Stake Primaries, assisted by her husband, H. B. Claw-so, Esq. After these came the Pony Express in riding costume with a banner. "18(0and 1861. From the Missouri to San Francisco in seven days and seven hours." Jsext was a ear with, telegraphy, then another Ogden band. Agriculture 'was ' represented by a string of wagons loaded with products, and with appropriate banners; then a Car of honey bees, theu a horticultural car which could not be excelled in beauty. A Jog cabin n, seated in This was followed by the most elaborate specimen of modern architecture. Then the Payson band. Next quarrymen and stone cutters in several wagons at their work, the last filled with monuments, graves ahd children strewing flowers, aad the motto inscribed, "In memory of the honored dead who fell bv the wayside." This was most affecting "For every heart best know- eth its own loss, "and each would silently recall its own. Workmen on foot followed. Wagon and carriage manufacturers, upholster ers. Printers, with press in Operation, the names of the various printing offices and newspapers in the city. The car was 18 feet long decorated with an eagle and a pennant with the words "The Art Preservative.'' The pioneer press west of the Missouri river brought here it 1848. Binders of the principal establishments at work in the next car, .then the type foundry, and paper mill. Shoemakers and tanners next made a very long and elaborate display. More than 100 men and boys represented this branch of: indus try and about 30 girls were busy at their work A numler of handsome banners, with witty and appropriate mottoes. 'Saddles and harness, house and decorative paintiug, tinners, butchers confectioners, wool press, cloth manufacture, soap makers, mineralogy and mines, machinery. Ladies industrial department. This car was pro fusely decorated with hanging baskets, and all available specimens of ladles' needle work; this committee of ladies spared no pains or means in making attractive Hi ese useful and ornamen tal employments. In the car were young girls braiding straw, making pillow ?ace, kpitting, with a mud chimney came next and side was the widow of John P. Green. , crocheting. The most -- eonspicious motto was "Men build and women beautify." The silk car was finely decorated with cocoons and raw material and the banner made entirely of variegated twisted silk thread, was? unique and handsome. On the platform was a ribbon loom, and a silk reel, each with a lady at work, another lady was knitting silk. Some very exquisite articles of workmanship of silk material were hung about the car. Merchants and bankers in carriages with a banner of beautiful gold silk plush with the simple word "Commerce." Salesmen followed in four car; appropriate mottoes with draping and covering. Brooms artistically arranged, making a fine appearance; then came sweeps and last of all the Yacht Club. A neat handsome yacht on wheels, crew dressed in cos-t- u me, flags and streamers were quite an impressive sight and when they cheered In countermarching in sailor fashion it was quite refreshing, and made a pretty variety.' The assembly was called to order by the bugle, the same bugle used in crossing the plains in '47. The Tabernacle choir rendered the glorious anthem, "O Praise God all ye nations." Elder George Q. Cannon offered an inspiring and eloquent prayer. Apostle Wilford Woodruff made a short speech, rehearsing a few of the scenes and incidents connected with Zion's the Mormon Battalion Camp of 1833, of 1846, and the Pioneers of 1817. "Those who know how much the history of oithcr of these remarkable events combine will of wonder that even an interesting eaeh could be given in 20 minules. Apostle Woodruff's remarks were ' respond" s : rni uuiun ATnm from Uie congregation, me tt Glee Club sang a martial song, "Comrades in sj-nop- hrty A .; iWl Pratt Orson "' '' then irave a speech iu re-- into the of tneWrapel gard to the introduction ' ': . '. .' ....t.t-t. i various nations, a Drier synopsis ui wiuwi-is- . published on another page. After the nationalities resumed their seats came the pealing anthem, "Glory to God In the in Highest," Elder David TfjcKenzle then read, an effective manner, a" poem written for the occasion by Bishop O.F." Whitney, entitled "The Jubilee of Zion." The Jftrefefs urcnesira tnen executed the charming overture, "Poet and Peasant." Elder B. F. Cummings, Jr., deliver ed an address on education, wrncn nc naa .careuu iy , fully prepared ior me occasion, letter from the "Jjeparimeit oi uioiuwaiw, to President Bureau 6f Education'1 addressed . Silt I . 'il. John Taylor, commending me mauuer m wiuhi the educational statistics of Utah had been preto ethers. pared, and recommending the example - - - ;JpTa7idUyr ered an extempore adchress'j going pver; joauch Church history, and making special ireferenc of the pilgrim of Kew England, the Peclaratkm of Independence and the adoption of the Constitution. Spoke prophetical., of the greatr futilre; said God was at the helm and would preserve Israel, and blest the pioneei the Battalld'n, Zion's Camp, the Belief' Societies, i ther ywing people's associations, the Sunday Schools') tho Elders in Israel, the Twelve and all the Holy ' ' ' ; Priesthood. - Qa ' ' ' The Choir and Careless' Orchestra rendered the Hallelujah Chorus from: the Meis&hy and tlie benedicApostle Erastus Snow pronounced ' ' tion. This celebration will be remembered in Israel as one 6f the grandest commemorative evjits wh ich has ever been recorded in , h e pages; of history. It was a grand and solemn oepisipn for when bne remembers the many persecwtioiis, drivings and wanderings which the SaUitq have passed through, the heart must ascend in gxati- tude and prayer to Almighty God; that He has permitted his people to enjoy Uie peace and pros perity which surrounds them in thei c mountain ' ,; .,fi .home. Great credit is due the wvnt membera of the general comm'lM who bo energetically labored beforehand to plan and arrange this Tnainmoth affair and particularly to the chalrmahJElder Joseph E. Taylor, who was unceasing j in his efforts to render it successful. Undeh hisf; direction Uie minutest details of the entire protfmmme were carried out.: he su (yoranii t tMo ofware worthy of great praise; they spared na tim& or means to make their TspeetiTertmerrta all that could be '.desired'. The ladfesot tlie decoraeti(cally, tive committee "certainly; worked; works their and prai$e4 the?(ff5nfnci arranged The; larehals Ind m mention for tne.yery able ;J?ijuti.W which they perfor mea Uielrr part orlhe, programme. Everything was in the most complete and perfect harmony. The music from the choir and all the several bands was glorious. The iday was tovelyj the heavens smiled radiantly and the azure air seemed impregnated with the breath of angels, and one.might. easily imagine that hoste of glorified beings were Teay to burst rt " upon the view. j: r ! , SERVJCKS IN THK TA I5EKN A CLE. Arms." - two.; flonor to their eU-- names memTKay be engraven upon the hearts of Zion's sons and daughters. The 10th Ward Band then, petform-- .. ed a selecUon, and President ' themidsiijMho 'thei&eerye::8iar . r ' ' coirnEcndM r ,Trnfiillv and melodiously rendered by Mrs. was one S. E. Langford and Miss L.Nebeker, fhis nf the very best features oi uie enure programme. Sentiments from the,women pi uiau ipuuuimeu ,.-- Q a on another page) were then read in clear, intinct voice by Elder JJonn juiuui. meSoBelief dies of the first presiding, board of the in front of the ciety appearing uponutbe platform The ladies audience; while it was being read, e received considerable applause, wmcn and here perhaps it is in they richly merit, scaieu keeping to say that among tlie pioneers, on the platform, was me one woukuj, uc uu.j one now living of tliree wno came tju u Mrs. Clara D. Young, widow of pioneers in 1847, dis i oe-lie- ye the late President i. luuug. uruveu rotten that three noble, neroic womeu, adventurous ,nn.l hardships of thatwifeof TIeber Ellen S. Kimball, journey. Mrs.and Mrs. Harriet V, W. oung, C. ICimball, ?, In the jninntes of the iProva Belief Society Conferenc4 Elder Woodruff is made t say that he was never at home with hist family' but' tme summer in his life, and one of his children was a bf year old before he saw hm. InsCead thisj he said that he had not been, at home' wi&'hisfam wks' util ily but one summer since ha tlie of ttese niwnlalfi? and valleys he came into one child, bora after he left home, was nearly, a him.' These glaring misyear old before he saw takes show the importance of arsons Jiaving the for. them privilege of correcting what ia reported ; , before it is put in print. . w. Woodruff. t . ' . M. I. Associa. of Y. Ii. In statistical report tions of Weber Stake, published in mrt - ! . , , , July 15th, the average attendAO'; B. should be 283. ! EiEirrIt ift 2,86. anbield. Woman t .Hfu&,'.ja Journal, published weekly in Boston; ' ' jr , '; ; done and managed by :women.i All the printing department of the. : , . 