WOMAN'S EXPONENT. as usual, highly tendance of members, who, instructions given us by appreciated the good and our Bishops these sisters. Bro. Lindsay Bro. Ephraim Watson, being first counselor, to set apart some of present, were called upon offices. Our Primary Assothe sisters to fill ciation being destitute of a President for some was appointed time, Sister Mary Ellen Findlay and set apart to fill that office. We have had a long, cold winter and spring, and our meetings have not been so very well attended, but since the weather has been fine the sisters are getting more alive to their duWe celebrated the 4th of July on Monties. brethren took their teams and we all wended our way to the Lake shore, where there was a bowery erected, at the top of which day; the floated the glorious stars and stripes, to remind us of our freedom. The Declaration of Inde- Nebe-bependence was read by Sister Sarah Ann Bro. Robert S. Spence, being appointed r, Orator of the day, delivered an interesting oration, listened to by. an attentive and appreciative audience. Bro. Joseph Irwin delivered a stump speech, which was very interesting and amusing There were some select pieces sung by the Lake Town choir, after which we retired under the beautiful foliage of the trees to partake of a sumptuous picnic. In the afternoon there were recreations of all kinds, such as are generally indulged in on such occasions; all seemed to enjoy themselves, both old and young. In the evening we had a very enjoyable time "tripping the Tight fantastic toe" at a party, at which our President of the Relief Society made her appearance with two quilts, the proceeds of which were to be divided for the Emigration Fund and the building of Logan Temple. Thus you see that Lake Town is yet alive, if not often heard from, and striving with the others to do her part in the good work that we are all engaged in. Yours truly in the Gospel of Peace, .Mary Nebeker, Pres't, The Relief Society of Fairvlew held their " Eleventh Annual meeting at the meeting house on the 14th of June, 1880. Our .: respected Bishop, A. Tucker, and quite a number of the brethren met with us. The choir and string band were also in attendance by invitation. After the opening exercises, reading of minutes and reports, Bishop Tucker said he felt thankful for the blessings we this day enioyed. Thanked the sisters for the good they had done and are doing for the building up of Zion and looking after the sick and needy. Spoke very encouragingly of their labors, and gave good and timely counsel. Father Brady related some of his early experience in the Church, and congratulated the sisters on the progress they had made. "The Women of Utah" was sung by sisters T. A. Stevens and Kesiah Brady. Pres. M. A. Pritchett felt to thank the brethren for their attendance, also the choir and all those who had contributed to the enjoyment on the occasion. Thanked the sisters for the union and generosity they had manifested, and felt to thank the Lord for every good gift we receive at his hand. Urged the sisters to take and to read the Woman's Exro-sex- t. The time was spent in music, recitations, etc., until two o'clock P. M., when the Relief Society sisters, with their husbands and invited guests sat down to a bounteous repast, superintended by Sister Margaret Cheney and not for committee. The sick and poor-wergotten, and our jubilee anniversary was one lone in hp pre was a nartv m the evening, at which all seemed to enjoy themsplvps vftAW iifmnaf rr ihf w in UtlUU. We stnd hprfvu-W- l niir finnnrLil re DO ft: Our total income since the organization of the So-.uisuuree ueiy m dune, i$b, 13 . e ments: for charitable purposes, $930.67; Temples, $347; for missionaries and emigration, $153; for books, $28.80; building, $166.45; home industries, $24; for fencing, $70. Total amount disbursed, $1,719.92. On hand: in Co-o$200; cash, $31.84; property, $20. Total on hand $251.84. Wheat, 484 bushels, loaned to the brethren according to counsel. p, Lois A. Wilsox, Cor. Sec'y. The Y. L. M. I A.,of Mayfield, Sanpete Co., was organized under the direction of Bishop O. C, Olsen, and his Counsclors,Mareh 11th, 1879, with the following officers. Matilda Olsen, President; Matilda Jenson, Caroline Olsen, Mary Victor, Margret Whitlock, Cynthia Williams Counselors; Amelia Williams, Secretary; Harriet Milles Assistant Secretary; Martha Stevens, Treasurer. They still remain the same, and all are alive to their duties. members enrolled, and We have thirty-on- e all are punctual to attend meeting; which we Our meetinga are conhold ducted as proposed by Brothers, Wells, and Hardy. We edit a manuscript paper semimonthly called the "Encourager," we have also subscribed for the Contributor, which is read with great interest by the members. The Bishop and his Counselors frequently meet with us, giving good aud fatherly instructions. We have made four quilts, two of which we tori in fhp Afflnti Temnle: one to the poor, and the other we sold for wheat; we have stored twelve bushels, of wheat. One of our members' has made twenty straw hats, as we wish to be one with our sisters in encouraging home manufaeture. The Y. L. M. I. A., has been, and is a great benefit to this little place, in leading the young in the way they should e walk, to become true daughters of Zion.h also had a splendid time on tho twenty-fourtof July, the performance of the day, and the real pleasure and party in the evening, was a enjoyment to all. We will close by wishing to be one with the semi-monthl- aiAflLDA UL8EN rremucm. FOURTH OF- - JULY, 1880. I promised you full particulars about the Fouith. We had an unusual demonstration, therefore I will delineate. The 5th dawned and a more, cold, gloomy, forbidding day could not have been selected. The mist tell like rain, and overcoats were the order of the day. But the procession to long before the hour set for to be seen on form, thousands of people were the streets I have never seen so many persons i. ur-- . ki lir mntion ot Mar- .i ueiuxc. on street tne . - lm- oj suaw fKoro mv wax n.n anai ou ket Kearney, stone: i Ji u.: 1 "w. in renresent mense arcneu unugc, .r,tAl idora WA.O n. miniature ion. .i a" do.nrS(;nd a' y of regular euaru; uuu soldiers, who keptu;3 all dnnn? the pro- nons nreaj irum u. cession. The bndge, or an decorated with bunting, flowers anu :nnn The procession itseii. was T the Hibennan ci m S r was an enure " nf W " a , total abstinence societies. -various military companies, imui- with TT their thirty thousand men, XnlL. uniforms, each company m L- - u-n;- .t a different one. to stc them, u aiwoa ftr to mc they appear ciir. :..rtin,r tahienux. 1 ttle rirU-dresse- d darkies picking it and singing and cutting their queer antics, which created much mirth. One of the tableaux burned before the started, so wo were m'ww one. of the It was a nobJs idea (the introduction AnCol. tableax) and we are indebtedforto the original drews, of the Dramond Palace, invention. There were many other new Matures, which I cannot remember sufficiently to delineate them to you. The procession wu very long; I stood still in one place for ever two hours, and then did not see ail. Woodward's Garden in the afternoon had daylight fireworks. They are an entirely new invention, and were a decided success. They consist of bombs, and are hurled in the air and explode; some are men, and the wind causes wd.JP. vcsi the u re slleiegs and mmUmive, appearance; there were animals anvf ro-ccsss- on take the place of the otln-r- , m tbey are not a success here on account of the evening fog and wind; they can never get one to burn evenly, Hence fire it is a sort of , works in the evening here arc not very jpa-larthoualthough there were more than fifty sand went to see those that were advertised to take place in the evening of the 5th, but which were a grand fizzle; only the railroads saw where the fun was in the. dimes. There were, as usual, a great many fires, but were thirty horses only one large one. There burned and six firemen injured by the roof a terrible fire, and falling on them. It was firecrackers was the cause. There were very manv accidents with the small boys, and these will happen where there are so many children and no place but the street for them to play. a gloom The sad accident at Monterey cast It is the fashion over many of the companies. the military company to take a ounDurk ripTothe country and camp. he accidently on that pleasure trip when of one carelessne 5 his death through the son of onhr the of his companions. He was i Sed d s banded ironi a-- ain -- mt j es- -. and went to the dejot and ri.lence. The hearse . I to , .J&like IN SAN FRANCISCO. V sijl.fo. y. with men's drawer?,shirt and socks, one mansmoking and playing solitare, whilst his pare? was getting the meal, or grub as it was called. Then there was an olufahioned emigrant train, and on one of the wagon covers was printed, to "California," and another, to "'Frisco, or butt." Then a large truck carried a forest, and in the forest were Pocahontas and several Indians; they had a real wigwam and other Indian relics. Then there was Washington eroding the Delaware KivtT, in a real vessel, and appropriately costumed were the several characters. Next came the Jean ctte, icebound in the Arctic regions; and the icebergs were admirably gotten up as to shape, size and color; they had a blue cast, and wore covered with some glittering substance; even the rigging in the ship was covered with hoar fro-t- , and as the sun made his appearance during the procession, it very materially heightened the effect; for which old Sot has ".'my thanks. The crew and passengers on this vessel had on fur clothes, and there were two immense-jx4f- tr bears in the rear of the bergs. Next camo There were "The Landing of Columbus.'f evergreen trees, and Indians peeping through the bushes and uttering their shrill war whoop. Then came a Southern seene; there were bushes on which cotton was growing,, and the clothes-lin- e . tar- m There in white to wprcseut A wairoil Wa It was cad vl unth the new flag, and his , .... m , flsscr (totted ins mu tn one wnO 