WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ,,7 The vounz author is not yet very to the public as a poet, but all eneraljy known see who read this grandly etoquent poem, may has the true inspiration of poetry. . he The general meeting of the Senior and Junior Retrenchment associations was held in the 14th Ward Assembly Booms, Saturday August 28, Sung Counselor Phebe Woodruff presiding. M.Hey-wooS. Mrs. us anew' prayer by "Come let let us rejoice in the day of "Now sang salvation." Minutes of last meeting read and accepted, also minutes of Y.L.M.I.A. 10th Ward were read. Mrs. Woodruflf made a few good remarks. Mrs. E. B. Wells, Mr B. W. Smith, Mrs. S. M. Kimball, Mrs. Hannah T, King, Mrs. Julia Howe, Mrs. Elizabeth Barney, a Xorwegian Sister, Mrs. Clara C. Cannon, Mrs. Prescindia Kimball and Mrs. S. M. Hey wood each addressed the meeting. The principal object was the suffrage and many good ideas were advanced. The principles of the gospel were also freely spokan upon and the meeting was decidedly an interesting one. Closed by singing Benedicti(0 my Father thou that dwellest." ion by Mrs. Amy A. Thomas. d, an opportunity given to register at the County Court House in each for voting There will be County, for those whose names are not already upon the county register. Go to the office of the assessor and collector on Monday of September or the day or the 13th, day so following during that week, and make yourself sure if you are not already po3itive,so that you will not lose the opportunity of voting for the delegate to Con-gro- ss k r the Territory of Utah. Because you voted at the election of city officers it does not entitle you to cast your vote for County or Territorial officers. Don't forget to register. Previous to the Territorial Convention which will be held thfexity on Thursday the. 7th, of October, Ifeiegafes wilf be choserr fromach of the different counties to represent the people and make the nomination of a candidate to be voted for as delegate from Utah to the coming Congress. to perform their The sisters should be part in this matter, and attend such meetings as may be called in the locality where they reside, manifesting their interest as citizens and their desire to attend to every duty, and fulfill to the best of their ability every responsibility resting upon them as interested members of the body politic. Birthday Party. A pleasant party of friends assembled, by invitation, at the residence of Apostle Orson Pratt, Monday, Aug. 23, to celebrate the fiftieth birthday of Mrs. Marian B. Pratt. There were present Pres. John Taylor, Apostle Joseph F. Smith and Gen. D. H. Wells, Elders C. W. Penrose, J. Bull, Father John Lyon, and several other gentlemen and quite a number of ladies. The afternoon passed off agreeably in conversation and croquet, in which in on-han- d last President Taylor joined with much apparent interest. Dinner was served about eight o'clock, and after it was over the music began. A serenade on the outside was the first intimation, and Pratt invited the musicians into the house partake of refreshments. The string band Mrs. to consisted of Prof. Thomas, W. Weihe, and others, who played a few favorite airs, making sweet melody. Some beautiful songs were sung in an effective manner by Misses ColebrooTr. Pratt and Wells, and Misses Slade and Mantle read quaint selections of poetry in a happy style; Father Lyon, in good old Scotch, read an original poem, written by himself and dedicated to Mrs. Pratt, recalling the time when she was a fair and goodly young woman, and drew a pretty picture of her life, wishing her many happy returns of the day and an mcrease of prosperity nd every blessing.- The lady's brother also read - a history of her if& in verse written by himself. The whole aflair was a complete success. Some elegant and choice gifts wero presented to her by relatives and friends, together with their universal good wishes, and blessings upon blessings. In a few days fifty years will have elapsed since Elder Orson Pratt was first baptized into the Church. He is, we understand, older in the Church than any member now living. - Pleasant Family Gathering. On Wednesday, the 25th ult, upwards of forty children and grandchildren of Brother Joseph and Sister M. Isabella Home assembled, with other relatives and a few friends, in their dear old home in this city, previous to the departure of the eldest son and brother, with his family, for Arizona. The company numbered about sixty in all, the invited guests being President John Taylor and wife and Hon. George Q.Cannon and sister, who were acquainted with Brother and Sister Home when they were first married, and had been intimately associated with them ever since. During the evening both of the gentlemen expressed their respect and esteem for the family, spoke of the many pleasant associations they had had with the family, and blessed them one and all in the name of the Lord. The afternoon was mostly occupied with the family dinner, which was sumptuous and befitting the occasion. The evening was spent in music, songs, addresses, from loth parents and children Brother and Sister Home aingiag one of the old songs they used to sing when their eldest children were playing about their knee. They both gave some excellent counsel to their children, besides telling them many interesting incident in their eatly lives. Uiiring the evening a beautiful silver fruit stand, filled with luscious fruit, was presented to Brother and Sister Home by their children. All was love, Joy, peace and harmony, there being only one "thing lb mar the pleasure of the compapy- the absence of one daughter, with her husband and children, from the family circle, they not being able to make it convenient to be present. The family have been scattered from one end of the Territory to the other, and it has been many years since thejT all assembled together in the old home. One praiseworthy feature of this large family is, not one of the children or grandchildren is accustomed to the use of either tobacco or liquor, and most of them keep the Word of Wisdom in other respects. Com. - ; R. S. REPORTS. ' Minutes of general meeting held in Fourteenth Ward Assembly Hall, July 17, 1830. President sang, "111 M Isabella Home presiding. Choir breath. Prayer by praise my maker while I've MinFather." Zina D.Young. Singing "O my Assoutes of Young Ladies Mutual Improvment of the read. Also ciation of the third Ward were of the 18th and 11th, Primary Associations to Wards. Pres. Home said, I am pleased when meet with you and wish to explain that semiConference interferes with our regular stand adjourned until monthly meetings they Pres. Taylor is the next regular meeting day. expected hero this afternoon. is our last meeting bethis said, Snow B. E and We have some busifore the 24th of July, to the celebration ness to present relating I went to Bountiful, and with the Belief Society assembled tote the afternoon the children made an and attention T? About three' hundred lZmLnlon tt toS tSgTXZSZ Zto lof rrtt was called unex- - with t,;f questions. Sister Rogers associat.cn not one who attended the had died with diphtheria or measles which had prevailed there. The deaths had all been among those who did not attend the Primary Association. Ifanyofthe different Ward Belief Societies have made arrangements to ride in the processton on the approaching 24th they are requested to report to thiameeting. Arrangements have been made for carriages for the primary and stake representatives. At our meeting in the Council House I reported 290 Belief Society branches in the Territory. There are more than ten branches outside the Ter. 300 Belief Society Branches is as definite an estimate as we are now able to make, this number will be inscribed on our banner. Mrs. M. A. Freeze Pres. Young Ladies M. L.. stake organization, eaid we will be represented in the procession by central and stake committees, we wish to shonor the occasion as it is one of importance and not likely to occur again in less than fifty years. Sister Zina D. Young refered to the Home Industries being represented in the procession. Said three carriages would be devoted to the silk department. Sister Bathsheba Smith said, one carriage is to be adorned with ladies ornamental needle work and I hope the sisters will contribute oC their handiwork to make it orvnaible. President Taylor having arrived, and being in- vited to address the sisters,said, I was not aware till last evening 'of this meeting, at least Iliad forgotten it, arid had arranged to leave this City this afternoon,going North to attend meetings at Ogden, during the Weber Stake Conference. I understand that one of the objects of this meeting is the ordination of officers of the Belief Society who were elected at your Conference held on Saturday June 19, 1880, at the Salt Lake Assembly Hall. On the occasion of the organization of the Be lief Society,Tby the Prophet Joseph Smith at Nauvoo, I was pfe!ct;nT'SMef "Em was elected president tuidoisters Elizabeth Ann Whitney and Sarah M.. Cleveland her Counselors. The Prophet Joseph then said that Sister Emma was named in the revelation recorded in the Book of Doctrine and Covenants concerning the Elect Lady, and furthermore that she had been ordained to expound.the Scriptures. By my request my Secretary Elder L. John Nuttall read to you relative to this meeting from the "Book of the Law of the Lord," at your Conference held June 19th, ult., which explained what was then done. The ordination then given did not mean the conferring of the Priesthood upon those sisters yet the sisters hold a portion of the Priesthood in coneciton with their husbands. (Sisters Eliza Jt. Snowand Bathsheba W. Smith,stated that they so understood it in Nauvoo and have looked upon italways in that light.) As I stated, at that meeting, that I was calJed did then orupon by the Prophet Joseph and I dain Sisters Whitney and Cleveland, and blessed Sister Emma and set her apart I could not ordain these sisters to anything more or to greater powers than had been conferred upon Sister Emma who had previously been ordained to exsaid at pound the Scriptures, and that Joseph that time, that being an elect lady had itsfulfilled that the revelation was then to preside in Sister:Emma bring thus elected over the Belief Society. However after this organization at Nauvoo, I do much disturbance arose among the sisters. Emnot wish to be personal especially as Sister of those ma is now dead, but think that some circumstances should be known. Sister Emma tried" in her mind about the doctrine got severely use of the posi- of Plural Marriage and she made . signi-ficance,a- nd . 