carrying out the great designs of the Almighty; said it is highly necessary that mothers cultivate meek, kind and passive dispositions; that their children may inherit the same traits of character. Mothers hardly realize the importance of this their great mission, with the thousand and one other things they have to attend to and worry them. But sbters be noble and walk above the frivolous" trials of life and govern your families with kindness a.iil reason; and then ask God to forgive the rest and when we get through our trials will be our brightest jewels. And when you have raised up families in the right to be useful in the Church of God tion, to assist in way-prepare- d rest assured you have performed a great mission. Pres. Wo ru tfp.ke of the Patriarchal law uf marriage. Told the sisters never to be found fWiting ;i'Miu-- t it if thev did not enter into it themselves. Spoke of government saying, we were violating the law, but if we should renounce this law it would be all the 'same as 1 acknowledged modern revelations. And there is no other law under heaven, by which men can be exalted to thrones, powers, principalities and the Godhead, save this law. No man has a claim on a wife or chilld, or a family position, or to the increase of seed without this law. He said the sisters were a host in Israel,and blessed them in the name of Jesus long as we Christ. Pres. Petersen and Teasdale poured out their heartfelt thanks and blessings for the sisters. Sister Sarah Petersen was chosen as Counselor to Pres. Hyde in place of Sister Anna Larsen who wa called to go with her husband to Castle Valley. Sister Phebe Maiben was chosen as general Supt.. of the P. A., of Sanpete. I would 'like of last quarter was (l,8yi),34; there must have been a mistake in th print for it was printed, $399, 34, only. Singing, Benediction, and Conference was adjourned until Feb. 21, 1881. P. S. Dear Editor Pres. Hyde has returned from her visit to St. George and the temple, with a rich flow of the spirit of God, to enable her to strengthen the sisters a3 she travels among them, exhorting them to diligence in every duty devolving upon them. The sisters of this place (Spring City) were so pleased with her return, and anxious. to receive of her influence they made a surprise party, after which they held meeting all enjoyand strong ing the excellent instructions testimonies of our beloved Pres. Sister Mary A. P. Hyde. Sister Frantzen. Pres. of the Relief Society in this place takes special pains to fill her responsible position as a mother to the sisters. Hoping you will find room in your excellent paper for this, and wishing you continual success, and joy in your most beneficial labor. I remain your sister in the Covenant, Fanny Kofford, Cor., Sec'y. to state living up to their privileges, and exhorted them to be one with the priesthood, setting an example beforeour children woyhv of imitation.. Pres. Whitun made a tew closing lemarks exhorting us to be faithful in carrying out the instructions which had been given. Singing, "Let Zion in her beauty rise." Benediction by Elder R. Leatham. Susannah E. Lloyd, Sec'y, Martha A. Lloyd, Ass't See'v. The Sautaquin Relief Society held their twelfth annual meeting on Thursday, Nov. 4, 1880. Singing, prayer, etc. The report for the year and the annual reports of the Y. L. M, I. A. and Primary Association and Silk Association were read. Pres. Stickney as usual spoke very encouragingly to the sisters upon the importance of the early training of their children and sustaining the Primary and Young Ladies Associations. Bishop Hall iday. addressed the sisters for a short time. His remarks were calculated to encourage us to be diligent and persevere, in the good work in which we delight, &c. Brother Johnathan Wolstenhulme followed with some very encouraging and appropriate remarks, blest the sisters in ministering to the wants of the needy, &c. Counselor E. Broadbent bore testimony to the truth of the work. The Spirit of the Lord was in our midst. We had an excellent time; many more of the sisters were desirous to speak, but time would not permit. Praying God to bless all those who labor for the welfare of Zion, Elizabeth J. Stickney, Pres't. JLw J. Sec'y. . that the total disbursements of the twelfth annual report of Wellsville, Cache Co., at the meeting, held July. 12, 1880. Total receipts, $157,06. DisSynop3i3 bursements: sundries, $17,61; to needy, $57,73; Temple, 858,78. Cash and merchandise on InstitutShares in hand, $91,08. ions, 8124,45. Pres. E. Whiton made a few opening remarks; some of our brethren being present, he gave the meeting into their hands. Coun. Evan Owens expressed his satisfaction; was pleased with the united spirit that existed tho sisters, and exhorted them among to be faithful m well doing. , Broth?rs R. Baxter, R. Leatham, J. Wood-ar- d and T. Howell being present, felt that our societies were calculated to do a great amount Co-operati- f good; showed the importance of the sisters LIFE INCIDENTS. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY, "I made a statement to the brethren like this: I have three children now, and have not of them. This was a great puzzle to them until I unraveled it one of them I had not seen. "At Pillow Point wc separated, Bngham Orson Hyde Young, Lyman E. Johnson and went to Upper Canada, and I with 0. Pratt and J. F. Boynton took our course to the State of Vermont and came to the city of Platts-buron the banks of Lake Champlain. Here John Boynton took steamer and crossed to tho Orson Pratt capital of Vermont, and Brother landed at St. and myself took a steamboat and The same day we passed into Albans. where Sheldon, the place of my nativity, and I lived until I was upwards of nine years of are We stayed that night with one of my Brother youthful playmates. In the morning Pratt left me, and I continued there visiting the people and declaring to them my testimony of the Gospel and the Book of Mormon, and first time, on the Sabbath following, I, for the had an appointment to preach, being without declared to a comrade, and there I publicly I them mv testimony. On Tuesday following aunts my went to'Bakersfield, to one of my few days, mother's sister. Remained there a s tl Lord a gave declaring the truth to. them belie M testifriends my me utterance. My of truth the it, but mony, and acknowledged did not obey the ordinance. took a by"I started for St. Johnsbury, and The first Green Mountains, path across the miles and then passed if these I ascended six The rocks through the core of the mountain. mile were very high on one side for about a de not qinto and perpendicular; on the other of the Ureen o hieh. The two mam ranges without Mountains were each ten miles across, but a wilderness an inhabitant, and nothing Keen one g, country densely covered with timber, I .had no mpany but wild animals, and screeching owls. Wheu 1 arrived in St. Johnsbury I met brethren in council the uu 17th of Jul?, in my u barn belonging to u Mr. Snow. In 'this neighborhood the Snow, Farr, Badger and Bingham families received the Gtjspel. Here we had a good time, and a large concourse of pie attended, who were addressed by Elders P. Pratt and Wm: E. McLellenf several were baptized. From thence w e separated and in different directions. alone down the Connecticut River into New Hamiwhire, to the town of New Lisbon; preached four times and baptized one. The Lrd wa with me and blessed nu- with His Spirit and gave me utter- r - ance. "From thence I went down the Connecticut River, passing through Hanover, and came to Plainfield, where I had connections residing, and where my mother was born and brought up. Stayed there a few days and visited mv relatives, teaching the Gospel from house to house. I found considerable opposition, even among my own kindred. From thence I passed through Claremont, a fine, flourishing town on the Merrimack River. I also passed through the towns of Nashua and Lowel. Having traveled much on foot, my feet were exceedingly sore, and I was under the necessity of taking stage for Bradford, where I met in Conference with eight of the Twelve Apostles on the 7th of August. The Lord was merciful with us, and some were added to the Church. "From thence I went to Boston, in oompanv with Elders T. B. Marsh and B. Young. Two or three public meetings were held by us, several were believing and some baptized. Each of us received a snit of. clothes from Sisters Fanny Brewer, Polly Voce and other sisters in Boston. "From thence wc returned through Bradford and came to Dover; where we. staid two nights. There was a great excitement in Brother Dover-- to see the Mormon Apostles. show to Jeremiah Wilev obtained permission us through one of the large factories in that town; we were shown through every department, from where the bales ot raw cotton were taken in, to the place where, the bales of prints were taken out of the factory; and such was the desire to sec us, that as we entered each department all the men and women stopped work to gaze at us. "In company with B. Young, D. W. Patten and T. B. Marsh, I went to Saco, Maine. Here we met in Conference and instructed the brethren as the Lord gave us utterance; some were baptized, and many others were believthere ing. We preached in several towns, and seemed to he an effectual door open. "From Saco we proceeded to Farmington, Maine, where we held our last Conference for the year 1835. We had a good time, for the Lord was with us, as He had been in all our councils. We had now completed our mission and the object for which we were sent, viz., the of the laying before th different branches Book of Church the subjects mentioned in the Covenant", Sec. 98, par. 10. "According to this revelation, there were wise men appointed in all these Conferences that we held; each Conference appointing its own. Wc also laid before them the importance of this thing, and of building the House of the Lord in Kirtland, and of publishing tho and w ord of God to the nations of the earth, their we feel as though our skirts were clear of commanded. blood, for we had done as the Lord There were but a few instances of the commandment having been observed by those to whom of it was it was given, and the a principal cause of the Saints being driven from Jackson County, Missouri, as had been foretold of the Lord by His prophet. non-complian- ce 