wmam's .exponent. . The Eights the Women of Zion, and the Eigats of the Women of all Nations. tpf SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY 1, 180. Vox. 9. OFFENCES VERSUS TRUTH. BYRON'S MONUMENT. "Thy Word is Truth." Jesus. "It must needs be that offenses come but wo, to him by whom they come" While facts are true, we needs must rue That oft the- are offensive; But Truth tlu Eternal word of God-Imas comprehensive, i Ilia Truth is pure, it must endure, For Right it sanctions ever: His law we deem the Truth supreme Tis just, and wrongs us never. BY HANNAH . pure, Too much alas! for Truth doth pasfc, Man's soul it oft embitters; The good inclined, are greived to find, "All is not gold that glitters." Ferchance we trust, to men unjust, And mid them much too clever; And so, forsooth, we blame, the Truth, But Truth betrays us never. And not a few, whose hearts arc true Whose simple word suffices, By sharpers bold are caught and sold, Betrayed by mean devices. Pretentions and pretenders too, Should be combated ever, Fraud.should be sifted through and through, But Truth, defrauds us never. ! - - 'Tis well, 'tis wise, to scrutinize Their plane who feign to bless us; Tis braver far, with wrong to war Than to aid what would oppress us. Truth! Seek and hold as purest gold, That men from dross dissever, ' Is aiiiht amtes? be "e Ore of this; By Truth, we'ie injured, never. Why should we choose, to Truth To good by evil measurer - abuse, If others lie, shall we deny Truth? In our displeasure? Truth makes us free, and yet wp-wThe wheat and tares together; Alas! these tares, exist as 6nares But Truth, ensnares us never. The These tares must with the wheat remain Until the harvest season; Why 'tis ordained, Christ has explained, And potent Is the reason. When God doth reap, no tares He'll keep, They'll all be burnt together; But the garner'd wheat, all clean and sweet Like Truth, will perish, Never! to wisdom give Most literally and surely To every one, upbraiding none, Who ask Him for it purely. Armed with this key, both you and ma Offences can 'Tis wisdom's plea the just will 1? By Truth offended, Never! I.o! God is pledged out-weathe- r; others say or do, Or friend, or foe, or brother, We must be to our consience true We're judged not for another. For strength each day, 'tis well to pray, What-eve- r ( To help our true endeavour )ffences lead the weak astray, Bat truth'mibleads us never. Emilt Hill The mortal remain. of England's area test poet, have bet n in thf tnm'i nuru with no other monument than the .simple in Hucknal Church, in the vaults of which lie his mother and many of his ancestors, and where his remain repose by the side of his mother, by his own request. This tablet is Grecian of pure, white marble, and bears the following inscription in Roman capitals. h the vault beneath C'arebury, where are many of the ancestors of his mother, lie the remains of George Gordon Noel Byron, Lord Byron of Koch dale, in the County of Lancaster, the author of "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage." This, with a circular medallion upon the House in Holies Street, Cavendish .Square, London; where he was born, have hitherto been the only public memorials of one, whose resting place was legally and honorably won in the great Mausoleum of the country, Westminster fiff-fU-- Woodma.3tsee The ladies engaged in home industries and enterprisesof various kinds, should make a good presentation of their several departments of ork on the 24th inst, especially as they enjoy privilege of the franchiceof which nearly all the w omen are deprived. n tab--letplac- ' ed - Abbey; but through the puritanical, canting, of Doctor Blomfield, Biof at that time, the doors were shop London; shut against the illustrious dead! The subject was brought before the House of Lords, and the great Lord Brougham defended the case, and an angry altercation between him and Bishop Blomfield took place in that august assembly, lwiunal but the Bishop carried the day. her doors urse, topened fasChurch, like a una received the precious remains. Could Byron have dipped his magical pen into the ink that he ever made immortal, would not the scene have been a second edition of "English Bards and Scotch Reviewers?" Five years have elapsed since,, at a meeting of Uie. enthusiastic promoters of a memorial to Lord Byron, held at 'Willis's Boomsrunderthe a stanza from presidency of Lord Beaconsfleld, was quoted Harold" of "Chlkle canto the fourth noble one force with telling speaker. Reby that the minding his appreciative hearers of consciousness not without was oet famous reLord assured own Itosslyn his immortality, small-mindedne- ... T. KING. ss peated the lines: have lived, and have not lived in vain; My mind may lose its force, my blood its tire, And my frame perish e'eu In conquering pain; But there is that witbtb me which shall tire Torture and Thner and breathe when I expire; Something' unearthly, whichlbey deem not of, Like the remembered tone of a mute lyre, Shallu their eofteu'd spirits sink, and move in hearts all rOcky now the late remorse of love." "But T the Lord Byron- - penned these lines from fore-. a not was there prophetic ' "Eternallity," taste in his mind, that seven years after his death the greatest of English reviewers would tiie vainourgh speak of him in his old "At 24 Lord terms: Jtevieiv, in the following of Byron found himself on the highest pinnacle Wordsworth, Moore, literary fame with Scott,of other distinguished Southey, and a crowd an writers beneath his feet! There is scarcely so to a sudden of so rise dizzy Instance in history an eminence." From 1831 to the present time the fame of the noble poet has suffered neither abatement or decline. Despite the insurrection which has now and again burst forth aga nst some of his dark portrayals, the reaction of public m opinion, not only in England, but especially the United States, and wherever thecelebrated tongue is spoken, have set "the most upon a sumEnglishmen of the 19th century" mit to which eyes and hearts of all countries are offering their incense of love andgratitude. this committee But to return to the doings ofOnce described. again was convened as before like just an effort made to render somethingto onethe of her a country from due great homage to these promoto o greatest sons, and at last is indebted for Byron's monument England the bronze statue, by Belt, now placed in Hamilton Gardens. By the efforts of this committee, were colthree thousand five hundred guineas scatlected from the pockets of men and women m Em tered far and wide over the earth, who, sh No. 3.. erson's words, "speak th,o commercial and conquering tongue of England.'' At last the poet is before his country, the land of his birth; as he looked and seemed when in 181.', he was the, idol of London society, the cynosure of every eye. Mr. Bolt is the favored artist, and his work will render. linn an immortality in art. The statue is in a sitting osture in deep repose, and the manuscript of "Childe Harold" upon his knee; contemplating from the rock that supports his colossal figure, the ocean, which was ever his delight. At his feet crouches the Newfoundland dog "Boatswain," whose epitaph his noble master wrritn uf fVflirirlv fir liia Invn niwl pnnohnm' The yachting dress in which the figure is clothed, suggests the element upon which the loet?s eyes are bent, and the entire absence of affectation in his mien and atlidudc harmonizes n with his antipathy to the theatrical and pretentious ways. The generous Greek Government have contributed tho pedestal, which is of Hellenic marble, hewn from the quarries of the Peloponnes, in honor of the hero,who,"hav-in- g dreamed that Greece might still be free died in his efforts to restore her to woerty! let the voice of In presence of this some have blame wilier 'liy justice in it, and is which wholly malignant, be for of (iLnre, ever silenced, as, in common with Sir Walter Scott, writing upon the day following Lord Byron's death, "We feel as if a great luminary of heaven bad suddenly disappea red from the jky, at the moment when every puny telescope was levelled for an examination of the spots which had dimmed its brightneasZ' According to Lockr hart, Scott's poem of "Kokeby" had failed altogether to gain public approbation, because simultaneously with its appearance "the deeper 'and darker passions of 'Childe Harold' the audacity of its morbid voluptuousness, and tho melancholy majesty of the numbers in which it defied the world, had taken the general imagination by storm.'1 Such, however,- - wa? the. generous "venlict of the author of "Ilokeby" which "CTiihle Harold" had smothered. Hucknal Church is abou t two miles, from Byron's jjaternal home, Newstead Abbey, and about the same distance from Annesley, the home of Mary Chaworth. In these regions tho poet boy had written his first effusions, and conceived the most impassioned and perhaps the purest love of his life for Mary Chaworth. I woulQ lito to write more, but have no space but ioT.liesquictcat inpttre. well-know- f - 5 NOTES AND NEWS. Mrs Garfield is reported to haveatbeen called Mentor, upon by more than 200;) people June 8th . The lawn of her pretty home was crowded by eager talkers, and in the drawing-rooitood Mrs. 'Garfield receiving the congratulations of her visitors with great composure, yet with signs of frank pleasu re- .- Woman's Jour- m nal. is always healthy for young people also and for everybody to note the rise of a man like Garfield, and of "a woman, we may add, like Mrs. Garfield. It is an old tradition, but it is a precious one that conies true every state and national election, that future presidents, governors and statesmen and theirwives sit on the benches of taste the life of the primary clooJs of of e circumstances common-placinfancy in all the the great people. Mrs Garfield will honor the White House by, her gentle prsence. She is a woman of a sweet and winning spirit, and of bright and cultivated mind. As MissLueretia Rudolph she was an girl, and her exceedingly pretty and interesting both sides one on General wa4 marriage with the has intellect Her kept pace of ideal affection. It to-day,- she with her husband's; she has studied the book has and with him, studied, taken up languages so trained herself as to fit her boys for college m the most thorough manner. She is an excellent Latin scholar, and is also proficient in several modern languages. She is a little lady, graceful in carriage,and having most frank and "charming , manners. 