WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 106 TALK. And so you don't believe in Primaries. That's a calamity! Why? Because there is a great sweep of precious light of this same Primary Window, which you are so persistently You think JMutuals are standing aside from enough, do you' Well now, my dear, do you know, between you and me and the Exponent, I would rather see every Mutual die out, than to see these Primaries fail. If you live fifty years longer, you will see the force of my last assertion. I have seen men who wait and wait and procrastinate the planting of trees and vines l'rom year to year, until when they are old and weary they can do nothing about the matter but mourn over lost opportunity, and look out on a garden of weeds. They neglected to "take Time by the forelock." And yet, you don't believe in the Primary? I have seen some who never knew how to start a fire. They would by a bit of paper, then a stick of wood, put the match to paper, and grumble because it wouldn't burn." You and I don't do that way. We lay the paper, then some tiny, tiny bits of wood, then larger kindling wood, then pile up our sticks, and finally we throw on the logs and sit in the blaze of our beautiful fire. Just so some people expect with one minion, after a life of lead emptiness, to kindle up a warm blaze that will last through life. Once in a great while its done; but much oftener the flame flares up and then fades and dies mournfully out. The kindling wood, isn't there to support the logs. And yet, you don't believe in Primaries. I have known ignorant painters who try to paint a picture by laying a daub here, a blot there, and call it something. BuX the artist finds it easy to paint the big rock, the open sky, the leafy tree. 'Tis the stamen of the flower, the faint ray of light from the d the fine web casement, of lace at the lady's throat, that proclaims him master. A few strokes don't make a picture; 'tis the minutest details faithfully followed. And yet you don't believe in the Primaries? You send your children to Sunday" School? That's good. But find me three men out of three hundred that understand enough of human nature to feed the mind of childhood inI have long thought a woman far telligently. more suitable to conduct a Bundav School. Instinct teaches her, if she will but allow it to sway her, how to administer food, both mental and moral, to the undeveloped hungry "mind. These Primaries will plant out the shoots of the tree of Knowledge, graft in the buds of Faith and Sobriety, and train the vine of Intelligence round the Rod of Iron. They will lay the tiny sticks one upon another, week by week, until in the time thereof the flame of Opportunity will curl and lap in and" around the kindling wood up up the logs are reached, warmed and heat up until they light with a glorious blaze all who are within their reach, and we sit in the heavenly warmth with joy and rejoicing. And you think the Primaries are of no use? I am sorry, sorry for you. Just alter your mind, comb your babies' hair, wash their dear little eyes out and bundle them off to the Primary. Never mind if Johnnie has a hole in his pants mend it better a bare knee than a bare mind. y You may polish their faces and keep them an clean as new tins, spend vour time in and tidying them up, and leave their clothing poor little minds oestitute of any covering. I have seen welklressed, elean-face- d little people with their , minds shivering with neglect, exposed to the scorching rays. of Vulgarity, pierced by the bitter winds of Untruth, foul' with the slums vX gtrMt slang, and frmng with th Us of In- half-opene- w; How my heart yearns over such for saken outcasts from, sweet intelligence! Shall vou send vour chickies to the Pri . mary.' EDUCATION AND OCCUPATION. Editor: Mrs. -- No subject, with regard to helping the unfortunate ones of the earth, is so impressed upon my mind as that of providing education and occupation. I cannot express the gratified feelings with .which I contemplate the work of improvement among our children and young people; nor the admiration with which I regard those lacties who are so vigorously prosecuting this good and great forward movement in our community. I have been much engaged in the care of children during my life. Experience has in taught me that a child's education one item is important that man is required to render to the world a compensation, for all that he consumes at least, even though he do onlv eat and drink and die. But if he would aspire to anything more beyond this, he must become useful in his sphere in proportion to his aspiration to place himself in positions where men will be delighted to honor him. Idleness, aimless and listless, without a purpose, to accomplish any good thing, inevitably leads to ruin. Idleness among the healthy poor ought to be regarded as a crime in the eye of the Jaw, if provision is made for the employment of these healthy poor. But if no provision is made to furnish profitable work for such as by any cause or circumstance fail to be able to plan for themselves business that will give them a living, then there is a criminal neglect on the part of such as have the amounts of. land, such:. power to supply-sucof workshops every sort, such broad and competent furnishings, as shall enable every.man, woman and child who has health to become a producer as well as a consumer. Anything less than this is demoralizing in its tendency; it leads to little else than a condition akin to robbery. The one, who eats the bread not earned by the sweat of his own brow, eats that which was earned by the sweat of his neighbor's brow, which leaves him his neighbor's debtor. How can this be prevented? Very simply. Romulus and Solomon knew how. Let every one have work to do by a systematic arrangement of lands and tenements educational provision, artistic and literary, carrying with them all necessary preparations for thor ough business and social benefits. Let all these be provided and placed under the care of such persons as are capable of directing the needed labor, and how great a deliverance would be wrought out. What if a few wealthy men should appropriate all they had to furnish work for the poor, how many years would pass before those who had thus loved their poor neighbors would in wealth outweigh the richest nabob in the land? Were there a little village like this in every county in Utah, the Relief Societies, the Bishops, and all that go abroad to gather donations for the poor, would be relieved from more than one-hatheir work, and have the satisfaction of clearing our streets of poor and planting honor ond usefulnessindigent in the room of vice and degradation. ' Also, they would have double time to nurse the sick, visit the widow in her afflictions, and seek after the wayward and forsaken. Yours truly,1 h lf M. The Baroness J. C. has expended more than $500,000 in ameliorating the condition 0f the poor and deserving fishermen of the Cm ted Kingdom, Burdett-Coutt- s PAROWAN RELIEF SOCIETY rnv Meetings and Reorganization. The Fourth QuarterlyjConference of the Societies composing the Parowan Stake ofItou, 71 was held in the Parowan meeting house 13th. Quite a number of the brethren heinl' present. Verbal reports were given by the preventatives of the different branch societw and organizations in the Stake showing desire in both old and young to increase ingeneral know ledge and good works. Many of the sisters ad" dressed the congregation exhorting one another to diligenee'and perseverance in the' work of God bearing testimony to the truth of the princii.L of a pluraltiy of wives. President Dame, Bihon Arthur and several of the brethren addressed the sisters, said they were proud to them stand forth and so valiantly uphold theprnrip'( of truth. Counseled them to t he spirit of God and its guidance in all their undertaking Conference was adjourned to be held in Cedar City on the 13th day ot Febuary next. 'November 16th: The sisters of Cedar Citv were highly pleaded by a call from our beloved Sisters E. R. Snow and Zina D.Yount;, who held meeting in the evening, imparting to all much good instruction. Counseled mothers to have a watchful care over their little ones, to (strive above all to instil into their tender heart principles of truth and virtue. Spoke on the principle of Plural Marriage advi.-in- g all never to h peak lightly of this holy order. Referral to the necessity of home industries encouraged the ,8isters to rersevere jn their endeavors at .silk' culture. Urged upon them the neeeesnity o: attending their meeting-- t and donating poor. The meeting was considered by all to the pre-en- t to e a feast of good tilings and Ve IiumUy thank our leloved s'sers for their good instruction; praying the Lord to bless them and preserve them in their laltor of love. Dec. Gth,a reorganization of the Young: Ladies M. T. A., was effected and the followinsr-.yauncladies elected as offl.ers. Caroline Ketunh Arthur, President; Sarah Ann Higbee, Julia Ann Neilson Counselor-- ; Ellen E. L. Jones, I -- Secretary; Sarah Ann Jones Ant. Sec , Louisa Leigh, Treasurer.- They were all set apart to their various offices by the Dresidiiiir. brethren. The former officers who have lalwred diligently since the first organization five years ao, who were at that time young twirls, now have families to attend to, therefore they are honorably released with the and good wishes of the brethren and sisters for their faithfulness and humility. May prosperity attend all association hles-ung- t formed for the benefit of God's people old and young is the prayer of your sister in the Gospel. J. P. Mackelpkanq, Cor., Sec'y. GLAD OF IT. The; Exponent of October 1st, came duly to hand, filled with indignation at the attempt that was being made to disfranchise the women of Utah. The vocabulary of the English language has no words with meaning sufficient to express our indignation at the low, mean, contemptible act; and, furthermore, we, as American citizens, intend to proclaim agamst such unjust proceedings. Did we say citizens? or are we allowe that title? What are we then? 1 he mothers of men and boys whom we shall teach to honor the Constitution of our country, and claim the rights it guarantees to them, and rally around the dear old flag and save it from dishonor when perilous times shall come. We are glad that this encroachment upon the franchise of women was instigated, as it will have a tendency to cause investigation. Do the Patriots all sleep? God forbid! If so, let the cry of liberty reverberate from shore to shore, until they shall be awakened to the situation of our once happy Republican Government, ere it be broken in pieces as a potter's vessel. Ever praying for the triumph of the oppressed, W. East. 1 The ladies of the Philadelphia Flmver Mis- sion, now closed for the season,have distributed .since May 10th, 10,855 bouquets 1001 cases of fruit, and books,text cards and papers to about 