119 i.V CORRESPONDENCE- .- Editob Exponent: Allow'Trie 1 a'smairspaco'to remark upon a . v women have the stamina to refuser an opportunity to flirt!" Can it be a woman who writes this of her sex? If so, I pity her, because I know she can only irave been thrown among the light and most frivolous of women! That line endorsed" words of d woPope, which every true, man knows to be a vile slander; Pope probably wrote it when smarting under some crushing rebuke to his own feelings, and they are bitter, sarcastic and villlfyihg, and not true! "Every woman ia at heart a rake!"' But herd cornea a writer (surely it cannot bo a woman) that fully endorses these slanderous words on. woman, and with interest too! I caro not whether the writer is man or woman, it is a libel, and I know v ;'.it. t.it Let me also correct the writer in the application of terms.. A man is a flirt, a woman a coquette ; the terms are not synonymous. And let me say, no man will ever flirt with any woman who ' is 'true to the noble instincts of woman ; it Is the coquette that makes the flirty for inj'aur'things, great and small, It is womaq .that : gives the cue to man Any one that denies that but little of the depths and shal. lows of human nature. The masse of women are thoughtless,"lf you please; they have not studied their own characters, nor that of their brother man.' tet them do so in this advanced age for women; and let women tnat attempt to write for the;pnblic show up the nobility that is in every woman when rightly trained and rightly educated, and yen above these, rightly associated. Meat true it i3 that "Evil communications corrupt good, manners,",? yes, and so-call- ed Cl USh CHARLE8 SICKENS AND RELIGION. JR. C3., . ' ly7 fet-to- re A and denominational teiaiionsr In Europe, Fraude and Hugo' in litera. li inre, Htrauss in music,- liismarck and among statesmen re present this ad Vance beyoDd the, narrow limits of sectarianism, while fn our 6 wrf coifntry, wo have Dis-aae- Wnnrlall !!.!. AmAUula "Phtllfrva Ralph- - WaWbEmersdnj-tierfiagerphllbs- a - 1 " of us appreciate this sacred day of ' rest. Do we, realize' ,that' Gbgaveti this day to restana worsnip mm ana Me will1-holus accountable t w6 'spehd Itothetwise than Ho 'has commanded. Our children should bo taught to love the Sabbath" from their earllestMafahcyfand: ;whentheyre older It l& surely the mother's duty to . her and them around . gather itell ;therr of God and his many mercies untp his children on earth, i If we. will, do this, perjiapg our littlergirl and Jbys will bemore willing to heed the instrnctidns 9Y iheiundyiachooi teachew. .A ino ther's exam pie, and teach. ing are more toil lapsi ; childreJha' all . pthers may say r. do.V How many - who call ourselves saints spend theJfiahbath reading no velsorin idle" gossip and perhaps at somo sort of work,. If mothers dQu'ihi3 5 . character as you believe, is a question which it would profit us little to discuss. ll like ' the frankness and candor of your' letter and thank .you for It. That every man1 Hfrho peeks heaven must be born again, In good thdiights of his iIaker,;I'Bincerefy believe.1 That it is expedient for every Hound to say so In'a certain Bnuffltng' forni of words, to 'whjch lie attaches no gpod meafningi do ! Ai ':ur' lf?:i: H believe." ; ' fie had bat little reapci for "the Church, j can they think their sons and! daughters or, rather many, of thosd who" professed to will grow up ioJoV(9nth i3abbath (fayand '." expound' tho religion of the meek andlowly keep it hply?ivWo surely mayxpect them Savior;; Ilo'wrltes: .to follow footsteps Perhaps; there , "As tVlhq ChurcIV'my friendl! ahi sick are some who us of of it. Tho spectacle pfesiBteia BythT in. 8pen4 this ddy In' idlo ' .and decent squabbles of priests of most denoml dreaming Vepinlng.'pehahcoven r? wishing Sunday :wouldnot; come, so tiften. nations,5 and tho "exemplary unfairness and Dear ? Bisters shoulit wo aoteritieavp'r to ass which raricor;with they cobduct their hours each' .wee'at mating and these few 'idea of repef ' the Protestant in reading'God's "holy books or in'ibmp ; way ' estabUshment,rin. the face of .that we might feeV biesi and know that roui' i ts own history, seeking : to tramplo out ;;j heavenly ,FatherVnpprbye4o and private Judgment, s an chorr : tuurt prayers tana. thinks should ascdhd to so reverb mity coolyjthat I wonder the right Him daily but on. the :8abbath-- 'weftHnniri ends vefya rcvereudsi and all- other rfiver-j- , nn i h nn ,U to t, A1 tit. V I iL L Ji J a 1 , i end,tw,ho commit; Jt, can lookjin.nejan-bth$- f 8n fades wi thou t laughing as the old can't and soQthsyerirdid"? that weight better accomplbh'ilfrduties .our sublime andTibnrerent donttUow .and bear the txIal3rorthdJrf6ltHwirieir Cbtfsllair'riirgionMs toTe administered in to ay, but that W Prayerful' and Veek nlm-whe- n iiW : th6futtfre;I;cannotpeted i:.heallh and happiness are' ours we wifi not the Church's hand ls at lis5 own throat I am -- fully. eonyinccdiHUero rhore P$. forgotten when sorroW is "our Popery, there -portion, more Methodism jr and .the angels will bo wittf hi pointing to many forms of coni.that HbiiB .where dwelleth our Father who. signment to eternal damnation as. there are . has forbidden us to hreak the Sabbath day u, articles, and all intone;; forever quarrellin g body the Master 'of tho New Testament Savola Meco. Iov. 30, , lu-bu- r ' lliiTer--briceVutter- mer.-Anoi- ly h6 dis-cussIo- di. A a-wo- 'Jill-re-einine- nt ( - , so-call-ed to-da- y, m l 'ot - Q. pher, poet and moralist, Charlotte Cushmad, her greatest tragedienne, of supe rior Intellect, who are repof in resentatives, progress religious free- r luiuxing. . f Our, very short list might be extended al most endlessly, and -- the farther! wo invest! gate this subject, the clearer shall we see ' that the as Christianity of a system of relieion. is a- stenarfafl not at all adapted to the wants of the xnor , 1 am i me present 4g an age wnoge greatest men are leaving :the beaten pathspf centuries 'and pioneering new ones;rrefu8ing to be bound up in the dogmas of others, they choose rather to think for themselves. Notably is this true in respect tojho religious views of tho greatest men and women of the present century. It is the rule rather, than the exception to sea them , T "-- - " ? BY II. F. -- Savbia sitting ajone In' my far-o-ff hdme 'thinking Of th many pleasant: flab. Baths spent in dear Utahsmy former hqime. I do nqt think I can find a . iriore s;suitable 1 : T. K. rr .... it OUt tTHH EABBATHr . IMu -7 rr.r.K-- . , JI. cant, quarrels,, contention,, division nd confusion which tbq Christian world " to presented nls;view.y The time has, been when "the C'urph" held sway over the intellects as welt'as the armies, of the wordi bu( thanks 'be to .the Most High that time , is faij;' passing away, and an era Is approaching In ivhicli the In tellectual, wise and .learned, 'as well a the humble and unlearned, shall find 'the truth, as it has been revealed from heaven in these last days, notwithstanding the efibrts of fHbe Church5md its priests to dIstOrCand - ll or go&X deds Whetherah gjfeaf Creator of : thef vrld; and the creature of his hands, moulded ' in his ovits Image, be 'quite so opposite' in i'-.Y- - ? ' 4 Maker and Fashioner, arid" noT'raari!' , ( ws v 7, 1 , good morals' also. O woman! for fleaven's sake rise up and shake the dust of ages from thy heart and brain, and let the world see that God is thy ',, J . asser-tlonjkno- ? so-call-ed U 1 ,. j. rm lf r . noble-nature- ' it-se- - small nameless article ln'you last issue, i. e. "Coquetry." Tho opening" word "Few - put out oaight, and the rageand fury almost always turning 'on the letter of obscure parts of the Old Testament, rhlch has been tho'subject ef .aecmmbdatlon, adapUiion varying interpretation without end theeo things cannot last Tha Church that js to have its jart in,the:cpming; ime must ei a paore Cliristlan onewiiftlessi ar. bitrary pretensions and a stroneir hdld apon the mantle of our Savior, as he waited and talked upon this earth." r" The last. clause may be termed gvpropitie-c- y. , Hero .we; have written y his own hand, a st atenijent of his rellgiqusjiews, and, though they may subject, him to the accusation of infidelity, the time, 'is not far distant when the most advanced "minds iip-o- n the earth will honor him for his sentl. ments of detestation towards the hypocrisy, advanced,, who are casting it aside, as farmers have the wooden plow, deeming it altogether too- primitive, unphilosophical and inconsistent. with; Itself and known truths, to be of any value. Recognizing this state of things Strauss cpolly proposes, to substl-tut- e mnsic for religion) to devote the time and money now given, to religion to tho musical culture of tho masses, Ho claims, and with 8ome plausibility that, such a course would polish, elevate and reflue tho masses, and in this respect at least would be superior to many of the religions of tho ' day. These great men and women, who tjius repudiate Christianity, are not all atheists by any means, Most all of thorn believe in the inspiiation and revelation pi Scripture, but they look in vain for a theology which they can conscientiously adopt. ) Charles Dickens waaono of these. In a volumeiofhis letters, wiitten to a great variety of persons, lately published his views upon religious matters, are quito plainly indicated, and to the charges so . often made that .hiireiigioos notions .were extremely loose, some of these letters give sufficient answer. No man i hated cant and he, frequently held it up to ridimore, cule. To some one who wrote to him that he was iujuring thexaueof religion by his picture of the shepherd, irif"Pick wick", ho wrote: "The design of Jltbe. Shephed,,, and of; Is5 anflevery other'ralluslon to hlm.1 s; to J show how sacred things are degraded,' vul-- ; gariz'ed and rendered absurd when1 persons who are utterly incompetent to teach the commonest fhings lake upon themselves: to expound; such mysteries, and how, In, making mere cant phrases of divino words, : these persons miss the spirit in which they had their origin. I have seen a great deal of this sort OC thing In many parts of Eng-- , land J and I rfover knew it to lead to' charity - "Wmk M i m -- . 