WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' r:;- t'he President and her visit, as well as that of good. Secretary others, may be productive Sherman wete genial and so Gen. Ramsay and Sherciablb with the "Mormon" pirty. Gen. with Gen. man had quite a long conversation Wells whom he had met when here before. Everything passed off pleasantly during the visit of the; party, and the result is in the hands of One Who sees not as man sees. . 4 b HOME AFFAIRS. We would call the attention of our readers to the advertisement of Fro. George Duuford. The firm is one of long standing, and the ?ad'es will do well to patronize the establishment, for they an- always polite, attentive and anxious to - j!ea-e- . Mrs. E. R. Shipp, M. D., will shortly open a dass for thorough training in the art of obstetrics and other branches connected therewith. Those desiring to join this class will please communicate with her at once, in order that all necessary Arrangements may le made before the 10th of October, upon which day the introductory lecture will be giuen. Address E. R. Shipp, M. D., Salt Lake City. A few of our sisters from other lands are availing themselves of the opportunity of becoming citizens. Sister Betsy Clark Williams recived her second papers September 9, having declared her intention to become a citizen and taken out her first papers two years ago. Other ladies, who are not native born should "go and do likewise. Tt is not such a terrible ordeal: it is all very simple and straightforward and surely one would rather take a little extra trouble than not bcTaTIowed the blessed, privilege of voting. Sisters Annie Musser and Margaret Sharp r their naturalization papers some time -- ed since. r,r Sixers don't neglect attending the prelimin-ar- y .ates,frora the meeting te;ee&' rii several counties to thJerhMljotiiou Manifest in this positive manner f mt tutere&t, in the election, aswell a to go to the polls and cast your vote for the jMJople's delegate. Let all be united in this matter for union is power and strength and the sisters hold some share of responsibility in regard to the maintenanceof peace and good order, and wherever and whenever duty calls them to act or speak, let them use that influence for the accomplishment of good. Woman's influence is needed in connection with man's to counteract the powers of evil in public as well as in private. IN ME MORI AM. to record the death of those Saint passes we love, and yet when a Latter-daaway, especially after having attained to a good old age, it is really a matter of rejoicing, for we have an assurance that they enter into a higher It is always painful y auu uojior suite ui uejug. j Alley, whoee death occurred in this city Aug. e years, 30, 1880, at the advanced age of eighty-fiv1795. Her 7, was lxrn in Salem, Mass., August parents were directly descended from the early settlers of New England, who came over shortly after the Pilgrim Fathers. Their names were John Symonds and Susan Webb, and her father and twth her grandfathers were officers in the revolutionary war. Her husband, George Alley, to whom she was married September 15, for 1S20, also served in the war of 1812, suitable a apwhich he afterwards received in propriation. They settled permanently Salem, Mass., and were highly respected by all. There the Gospel found them in the enjoyment of much of .this world's goods. Sister Alley wa3 baptized by Elder Erastus Snow, Feb. ' - --Lmmmmmmmmmmmmlmmmmmm and the family started for Nauvoo 21, 1812, arriving in that city January 29, Brother and Sister Alley, with their family 26, 1842, 1843. 4, "--- Oct-tob- er were in the Exodus from Nauvoo in 1846, leaving the second time a good home and pleasant surroundings for the Gospel's sake. They remained in Winter Quarters until the spring of 1818, when they started te cross the plains in Pres. Brigham Young's company. They settled permanently in the 8th Ward, Salt Lake City. Sister Alley has been a widow Over twenty-on- e years; she has now gone to join her husband, her daughter and a host of relatives and friends behind the vail. She was a woman of the strictest integrity of character, firm and unflinching in the latter-da- j' work. Her habits of precision and order, and her prudence, punctuality and earljr rising were characteristic of her New England birth and training. She possessed as many virtues and has left as unblemished a record as any woman who ever lived. Her purity of life and anxiety to serve God were known to all with whom she was associated. She suflered much pain during '"the last few months, but peacefully passed away at last. She leaves three sous and three daughters, many grandchildren and five They may well be proud of her memory. great-grandchildre- n. MARRIED LIFE. I wonder if there is one out of every ten of the young people who get married,who fully realizes the sacred obligations and duties pertaining to married life. It seems to me that this should be a matter in which much shor thuugtit and sound judgment should be used; and that if more care was taken in the selection of a life companion by both sexes, there would be fewer ill assorted, wretchI tuples in the world than there are. Siarrlage lias rigntiy neen leimed a "lottery," it is this at best; but where people marry who arc totally unfitted for each other by their diflrence in tastes, habits arid opinions, troubles often'ar grow to liulswt6-commiice.AKi,soo- ,KL"mo,e maK tains. To be happy, wr?ecr"vc,brirMtjQee--idrespect should exist between husband and wife, for where this is lacking, we often see what at first appears to be the merest trifle, bring about in the end the most direful results. If we once allow jealousy to gain a foot hold in the heart, This passion is the cause good bye to happiuess. of much trouble, and misery; the instigator of many crimes. It stalks abroad in the earth, like a "thief in the coming stealthily along of their mirth, poisoning night," robbing the gay the mirid, embittering the feelings, and corruptdomestic happineas by ing the heart; destroying out love and union, and placing in , -- thrusting the their stead suspicion and distrust; turning dearest friends into bitter ene'mies; withering of love and blighting the fond anticipations should also be avoided families. Fault-findindoes more harm as much as possible as it oft to be found fault than good, for no one likes a with and where indulged in, often becomes into chronic disease, turning the most amiable very disagreeable persons. if we We might learn many useful lessons f would from observation of other people's exper-iMiinstead of this we often condemn same evil others and afterwards fall into the How many uitlerent pnases oi ourselves. we see a married life there are. For instance in a very sensible, couple who start out together respectconsistent manner, always cautious,and and delicate atful, manifesting that kindness, louder than words, of the tention which speaks affection existing between pure and lasting g xt we see a eoupl wh?em so anxious to make people believe they are fond of each other that they not only offend the natural delicacy of people who 'are in any degree refined; but they also succeed in making people believe them j be, or that they will eveneually become the of what they pretend, gruff and unkind. Again,we find a man who seems to think of one thing in particular, viz., that he is "Lord of Creation," which fact gives him the right to look down on his wife considering her fit only tc be his drudge; bow in humble submission to every wish however unreasonabte,and patiently receive his abu.u. In contrast to this, and the most rediculous of all, is the "henpecked " With what contempt is a nian looked upon who is led about by the will and caprice of u woman; who hasn't manhood enough about him to accomplish anything. But they are often managed with such tact! and skillfulness, that they scarcely realize that it is so. A very sad spectacle is to see a couple who have taken each other "or better or worise,".in the days of thelr youth, jived together for; years, and raised a large very-opposit- bus-baud.- family,; finally separate, ileclaring they can live together no longer, and not content with this, must needs defame each other's character, proclaim their faults to the world, seeming to delight in throwing stones at each other, as they start Out to pursue their separate paths through the reniaining portion of their lives. In conclusion I will say that in my opinion, private, or family affairs should never be rnad public property, and domestic dlffiouitfea are seldom overcome hr cutsiae interference. Kate. SHAKING HANDS. There are many different mode of greeting among civilized nations raising the hat, a bow, a nod and a smile is all that is expected of an acquaintance. Kissing, which is so popular at present, is often a mere sham. With regard to kissing, the French say, "Your hand for an acquaintance, your ciRek for a friend, and your lipsos your lover." But It has been carried to all such an exterifthaysso your lady" friends Very 4imeyQU, meet them, whether it is agreeable or not, and the kiss fco given is sometimes as false and cruel as the one Judas once gave his Divine Master. as a manner of greeting, take precedence of all others, by reason of its greater antiquity and more universal usage. We cannot ascertain definitely when or where the custom originated, but doubtless it has been in vogue among civilized nations since the early feudal times, when it was employed as an assurance or good faith, each party giving his weapon hand as proof that he had no hostile intentions. g There are as many varieties of and it may be considered a as great an index to character. First, there is the foppish style, which consists in merely pressing the tips of the fingers, g which is no ataall, but merely a Of friendliness. Such a person is a pretense riend. He is not to be relied upon, but is a policy individual from first to last. If it is to his interest, he will befriend you, must lo k out for yourself. Then there is the indifferent individual, who Jays his cold hand in yours with a loose, clammy touch, and as Dickens says of Uriah Keep's hand, "You don't know what to do with it, op It does nothing for itself," Such a person ha no strength of character; he has.no originality, and would not dare to advance an opinion of hi to coincide own, but stands hesitatingly, ready with everything you say. Next comes the indefatigable who grasps your hand so tightly that you cannot -- Hand-shakin- g, hand-shakin- hand-writin- g, hand-shakin- fair-weath- er other-wj(,ey- band-shake- r, ou e, 