The Bights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 1, 1880. 9. Eliza was- left to drive. She says had it been a horse team she would have felt capable, but driving oxen was new business. However, she .soon learned to ''haw" and "gee," and became such an adept that sKe could sit in the wagon and drive, and acquit herself creditably. .But this was not all,. The family, one! after another, were sick, and she had to assist in cooking. and nursing, as well as driving the team; in which she. realized the truth of the Scripture, "As thy day so thy strength shall: be." On the 27th they crossed the Missouri River at Council Bluffs, and the next day arrived at ,the general camp at Winter Quarters. jFroni DUTY. - ; ' Oft we ask ourselves the question What is best for us to do? soul-work- hand-vocatio- ,; ' The Camp, the Camp its numbers swell i Shout! Shout! 0 Camp of Israel! The King, the Lord of Hosts, is near, His armies guard onr front and rear." or to pursue? wemau Best for Shall we be the dolls of fashion-Lo- ved and Hattered for a while, Wither 'neath man's sterner passion, Live again on fonder smile? Shall we live for vain ambition? Live for friends of wealth and power? Feast on words of adulation On the friendship of an hour? Shall we live for public duties? To reform the low and vile? Cultivate angelic beauties, In the minds now filled with guile? Shall we live for Home's fair altar, Ne'er to pass beyond its shrine? Never in this purpose falter? Let all hopes around it twine? What n, ' While the Saints were encamped at Sugar Creek, across the river, in Iowa, waiting the arrival of others and making arrangements for traveling, the weather was cold, windy and stormy, and it required undaunted heroism and an unflinching purpose to endure all the hardships and privations incidental to the time. Sleeping in tents upon the cold, frozen ground, in snow storm, or rain, was not the most agreeable thing in the' world; but Eliza was determined to share the fortunes of the Saints, to live or die with them. Her mission was with her people, and although she perhaps' did not realize the importance of the position she, was destined to occupy, yet there is no doubt she had an intuition of the future, and of the great work which lay before her, and this made her resolution to persevere under difficulti stronger, and buoyed her- - up wjien called to affliction. pass through severe trials and Her pen was active, and the effusions written, in wagons and by the wayside are .full of of the originality, .and graphically expressive Saints. every, day lives and journeyings of the Ye give a few lines here, from one of her poems, which are specially suggestive: . . To these queries what's the answer? Duty! duty seems Let our thoughts and feelings center On stern duty first of all- - u Know it, tore it, act it hf avely, Wheresoe'er the p ath may lead; For 'twill give most perfect pleasure, And at last the richest meed. to-call- ;. constant exposure and continued hardship Sister Eliza broke down; a slow fever set in, chills and fever followed, and she lay in .the wagon very ill. Heavy autumnal rains came on, and she was often "wet nearly from head to foot," She felt that she stood just at the gates of oeyond, and that death, that it was but would be free from she once insido the portals k reat lay and suffering; but'her and summoned she and courage before her, she had aid. to her faith Therwagon wipreme been occupying with Sister M. for a bedroom was needed to go out for "supplies," and they moved into a log house only partly finished. It had no chinking, the find was cold and Was , life-wor- . . E. B. Shipp. Lo! WOMAN. ELIZA had no floor r one side, and the room, was always filled with smoke. This was unendurable, and the fire had; to be dispensed with, and the cooking 'done out of 'doork;' the intense ty - ( Continued.) ,L ' ' resided During the seven years Sister. Eliza in Nauvoo, she wrote many of the articles contained in her two volumes of poems. Her mind was fertile,' and fresh subjects and incidents were constantly developing her for writing, and inspiring,' her muse to pour forth rich melodies in song and verse. Meantime, persecution raged, until at last the exodus of the Saints from Nauvoo was decided upon, and the cry went forth "To your tents, 0 Israel." She was" among the first to leave the beautiful city, the graves of her lamented dead, and the scenes and places round, which so many tender recollections' clustered. Early in the month of February, 1846, 'she crossed the Mississippi Riyer, to . p company of Col. Stephen Markhain and iamily, .and camped left ibeir with, thousands of others wfto and wagons, homes, and were liying in tents their journey .to preparatory to . starting upon ' the Rocky Mountains.' Sister Eliza's ppn was ever busy; 'the following., is an, extract from 1 . . PXf the .Nail; 1848: 19, YQoWesyide' MissiVppi;February Jvfag "Although ia wood and. tents we dwell, ' Shotitl.Shout!!QCamptf Israel! No Christianos ou cartkcaw Wnd Our thoughts, or steiU ou peace of mind. ' .v: chorus: Though we fly JDramyile oppression, We'll malntahV bur pare; profession, " -'' We've left the city of tfauvoo, And our beloved .Temple, too. And to the wfldeTness we go, Amid the winter frosts and snow. . ;.. "cold belnfprefer the house in which There comfortable. she lived was made 'bore was much sickness and destitution among the Saints, and many died in consequence of the the close of privation and sufferingl About the vear, when Sister Eliza was sick and had, she seeminglyendured to her utmost capacity; received the sad news of her mother's death; and though shd grievecl that she could not be permitted to behold her again hi the neslvyet she knew she had suffered much in consequence had of the persecutions of the Saints,' andmornnow laid down in peace to sleep until the the latter part - ; " .Z.-Th- b ablf aU thVv bade goodby to gah, i-- e ' ! U 1 '. Chorus.' . j Tboa pamp of Israel, onyara move; ' and sing; . . Te Saints, t&! world' salvation h&H to ZioaV King. '' , prove-- All goto choice and goodly lajids, - soil, fertile"iad With rich That, by' the labor of oar hands Will yield us wine andoll. r We , ;;si. - .... O Jacobs rise ' 'V : "Tbc time of Winter nflrcr is o'er There's verdure on tko plabir We leave our shelt'rlng roof once more; ; irAhd toWr tents galn. r, tetured but when " i upon three Mt-Pis- ber ing of the resurrection. unOn the 7th of April. lWi the nioneers, der the direction of President Brigham Young, left Winter Quarters to Wrch out a gathering This was a theme place for the Pilgrim Saints, she dediworthy the pen of the poetess, and cated to Pres; Young and ahe pioneers A we give a verso Journeying Song," from which was or two as illustrative of the poem, whieli that both inspiring and comforting to them at time when air was; stem, cold reality.' . h : - : carpets were .hung '- - Sister Eliza traveled with Col. Markham's family. Col. M. was a tried and sterling friend of the Prophet1 Joseph. It is impossible, in this1 brief sketch, to recount all the. adventures of this wonderful journey, commenced in midwinter, but we must leave the reader to imagine something of the cold, the inconvenience of traveling over a hew country at such an unseasonable time, bad roads, or' no, roads at all, all mudj rain, snow, sleet, rivers to cross; and the hardships of a pioneer journey with insufficient teams and incomplete outfits. .She says she "frosted her feet often enough to occasion At her much inconvenience afterwards. was one time," she writes; in her diary, 'J seated on a chest in" alumber wagoj, with a brass kettle for footstoL' "Saints' made settlements byhe7yay, where some families were left '& put in grain tor and make a resting and ; recruiting pWoe l thosd' who were 'to come'rwar!. At tte day middle fork of Green Riyer,Vn the one , at, of June, Bro. M:, with1 Other, popped Spier of these poink Here Sister of 'made bouse ;uP a Jogs in Eliza cracks Witt cob houses, loose like children's to four yiehes wide, three between the logs from wW blan- the over stretched top, eloth a tent the mside as . Seek a'peaceablrf'pOBsession,' 11 Far from GeiitUes and oppression. ''."':? t "Soon the'earriage wheels are moving Onward to a woodland dell, Where at sunset all are quartered ' . Camp of Israel! all is well." ' ' ; noble Mississippi, " Of the ha3 t)ecn Crossing o'erWhich R. SNOW SMITH. a poem written '.after a,mlghty host of Jacob,. built on fire blusteringnd.no 'chimne'tbe vhich' " :'". No. 1L WeHfind a'climatB pare ftd free, Frpdadng life nd health, Where steady care and industry ' Will prove a soarce.of wealUL , - -- : ' .1 