WO MA N18 EX PON 1 Tr ,,1 1 - . r ; . 1 WOMAN'S CONVENTION. CURIOSITY. Woman's curiosity has become proverbial, and with me the question arises, what is curiosity? less than an in- I think it is nothing more or and I ask myself - stinctive desire for knowledge, know nig man's worth wain, is there any thing is an inWoman know? not that woman should her part to act in the telligent being and has no very unimportant part drama of life (and in all that perinterested feel cither) and should race; then human tains to. the welfare of the in ignorance of existing wliy should she be kept man to know, t or for acts, that are proper considered unpopular, and ages past it has been to know anywoman almost disrespectful, for affairs; but thank thing outside of her household are beginning women Odd things are changing, to indulge their to understand beir right, for themselves; curiosity, and look and learn uv .they are no longer satisfied to remain in ignorance and stupidity. Knowledge when rightly used hurts no one but tends to exalt, none need be afraid that woman will know too much: the more she knows the better able she will be to act wisely; and with the spirit Of the Lord to help her she can more easily and better perform the. duties and labors of life. It will make her tasks ligh ter for she will not have so many blunders to rectify so many wrongs to make right, she will not need to do the same things over twice or thrice! when, she knows where, and how everything should be done and therefore is enabled to avoid much unnecessary labor. Then let woman as well as atrive for knowledge, and let none be ridiculed for im9 curious. Let old fashioned notrUa buried in the toast and let women emerge intuj the hht and oritur forth children of intelligence, '"vho help revolutionize the world. Iso wonder the world is in a deplorable condition when women, the mothers and teachers are not to know only th fow tb in es that man thinks -- . - . m. ',vvW self-goyernme- nt. to know that so mueii twuj.. And I do not wonder tion exists in the world. disturbed when such to4&aE. the Jadie t6eavtfi'MfexpeA as it has been of late in the Museum of wax fig- ufes; but I saw nothing there more unfit for the - . ladles to see than gentlemen, in fact I think if either is excluded It should be the men. By women seeing, and understanding the causes and effects, as mothers, they may, by proper teachings prevent much of the evil that now exists in th world. Bp let no more riaicute and reproach be cast upon woman for being curious. I say success to "Women's curiosity." C. Dow. . Bait Lake City, June 1880. THE "WORD OF WISDOM WfocUwh, e, . by-go- bl.iwd indeed. ne Attnt Mav, rfrtiam City,' Ariwna, Juna lit,Il9W. X get'-marriedjj- nclf-suppo- rt. W m given in therevela-lationIncludes many things beside the use of But as those are desigtea, coffee, or tobacco. nated there, and I often find myself thinking about the great demand fof tea and coffee bv the sisters among the Latter-da- y Saints, and" how few of them' ever refuse the cup of tea, and that is always presented at our social gatherings in some localities at least, I thought I would write a few lines upon it. That it is a growing evil amongst us is evident from the fact that many of our young sistersrequire the cup of tea to help them to perform, the most ordinary duties of life, and without it feel themselves totally unfit for exertion of any kind. , And the majority of our young mothers not only use it constantly them- - ' selves, but give it to their little ones, thoughtlessly no doubt, but to their injury nevertheless, . as helping them to imbibe habits calculated to retard their capacities for future usefulness, which every mother should always keep In mind In ttits rearing of her children. How blessed woulcf we be could we only keep in our hearts that first love of the Gospel so many of us experienced in. those days, when we first embraced ita principles, when with light hearts we not only left off the use of what the Lord said was not wise, but left comfortable home?; many of us left father, mothers, sisters and brothers also, for the Gospel's pake,how small in comparison ii the abstaining from ' the uso of tea and coffee. an If we could only be united In all our effrtW anu learn to live ry every word that proceed from the month of the Lord, we: wonldthn be The Word of k to-nig- ht, : It is sad , . particularly interesting. was Mrs. E.l. liousn, First on the programme of Louisville, Kentucky, who read a pointed and witty poem, entitled rScrub up, for the Women are Coming." Mrs. Carr, of Louisville, reported woman's work in Kentucky. Mrs. Mary K. Haggart, of Indiana, made an elective address Mrs. and was warmly applauded. said: Lockwood Belva A. the "I would not, if I could, add anything to have who of the speakers eloquent arguments preceded me, bu t I will eay tliatisthe question that seems most important to me which of the. great parties of this country will put in its platof woman suflrage. That party, form the whatever it may be, will be the party of ttie funot a ture, for as sure as I stand here this iu decade will pass, before every woman country, black and white, will have the right to vote. The mouth of woman is no longer closed, the fear has been lifted, and we must become citizens. It has been said, " When the women of this country ask for the ballot they should have it," and as sure as truth is truth, so sure now is the time to ask for it. Already iu many States they are voting on the school question, and we need only to have that suflrage extended. But will the women in, their new political condition render the body politic no better and purer? They certainly will, and thattoquickly. govern In other words, before we attempt others we must show that we have a capacity If the laws are bad, we for must be willing to obey them until we can make thom better. If the ballot is given to the women of this country, Jet them show the people that they are fit descendants of the forefathers who planned the revolution of 1776. . Revolutions make and unmake men, but ho single mind can cuxiwi th impulse that drives them forward. Slowly but sureiy m wt half century JMiawaii, been coming to the front, and soon she will .feplaceuTtft' eoual in every thiner. The era ot woman is now. She has only to put forth her hand to grasp the What she wants forbidden fruits of the past. is thorough and liberal education. The sole obwomen of the next generation will ject of the not be to they will fit them-eelv- ea for The girl must Jtje educated like the boy to trades and professions, and the world is gradually waking up to this fact. In Europe, as well as in America, the universities now practice which gives anew imietu3 to artistic and literary pursuits. When men and women stand equal in everything, there code of morals for man and for will be but Tone t i men in marrying women woman, tutnerto, have demanded of them that virtue which they themselves could not return. See ye not,, oh, woman, that the; harvests are ripe and the laborers few? Then, indeed, it is time for you to be up and doing. Show your individuality and that you are necessary for the perpetuation of the government. There can be no elevated womanhood without a noble manhood, and equal and exact justice for both. We want great statesmen in this country rather than great generals, and intelligent and thoughtful women rather than leaders or fashion. If women are to have the ballot, as I believe they are, they should accept it as a sacred trust, and use it accordingly. If we want the ballot, now Is iiiv tim to strike the blow, but we must have united and concerted action all along the line. Already have Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B. Anthony and Mott seen the promised land, and I to God that they may be allowed to enterpray in. (Continued applause.) The speaking was concluded by a lengthy and pl-ui- a 1 1 Lu-cret- ia . d address by Miss Phoebe Couz-inLack of space prevents a full report, and a synopsis would do; a decided injustice to snh n carefully-prepare- NOTES s. A$p COMMENTS FROM THE INDIANIPOLIS JOURNAL. By far the liveliest scene in the convention was that at the election of corresponding rotary ,the first day. TJ le committee on nominain favor of the choice of Rachel G. tion r ail iut4h'gent and earnest young lady of 1 hiladelphia, and on the motion to amend the report by substituting ,tho jiame of Mrs. Rara Andrews Spencer, of who has held th orac for iome yotrWalijngton, a plrit&d digcuasion rj-arte- d ensued. The committee chimed that they had decided ' upon the change ' because they under-stooMrs. Spencer's health waa not good and not desire to impose uponber further did they That lady pertinently suggested that hen she wanted to be relieved of the office the would let the convention know it, and not before, besides her health was as good as anybody's. Shevus enthusiastically supported by "Father Adkin. son, the prehistoric suffragist,'' and a number of the older members of the association. Miss who had done nothing to secure the nomi. nation, very sensibly said nothing, and left her claims in the hands ot her friends, and there, as Is usually the result they remained, as she was defeated by a decided majority. Mrs. Spencer is known to be earnest ana m the work, and has made an excellent officer, but her opponents claim that she is almost too arbitrary in lier management of affairs. of Elizabeth Cady Stanton to The the office of President of the Association is a deserved compliment, although it was done over her protest. Jji her letter to Miss Anthony she stated that she was in favor of the choice of Mrs. Z. G. Wallace of this city, for president of the Association, as she possessed all the qualificexecutive officer, besides bations of a first-claearnest in the work. in eing thoroughly A. Mrs. Belva Lockwood, the distinguished of woman attorney Washington City, arrived in session Wednesday. In convetime for the night rsation with a journal reporter last night she said that she was detained in Washington by important legal business and could not get here sooner. When interrogated concerning fee case she said after attending the Chicago convention fshe was going to Georgia to collect testimony for the case. What the ultimate result of the trial will be she could not say, but believed that it would be against Hill. She said she had no interest in the matter except that of an attorney, and as such she wa determined to press it to the end. Although, she said, Miss Baymond had somewhat compromised herself by accepting money from Hill, yet the case would be carried through aJI the courts. d At the concluding session of the N. W. S. A. on Convention, held in.. Indiaanapolis, aIndiana, was .there large very the evening of May 27th, and intelligent audience, and the exercises were ' proper. BNT. Fos-te- r, self-sacrifici- ng re-electi- on ss Hill-Baymo- ; nd In personal Mrs. jlockwooo: aDDearanc is hair, which is rolifctl above her foceheadv woreShea dressed in bjack silk and satin, and large gray felt hat, which gave her a decided; masculine appearance. In conversation she is fluent and entertaining. Miss Phoebe Couzins is probably the most tractive looking lady in the convention, and dresses richly and in perfect taste. She is an, excellent member or tne Association, auunerau-dressdelivered last night, was a masterly liteto rary effort, one that any man might be proud to at- have written. L. M. I. A PBIMARY REPORTS. RELIEF SOCIETY!, AM) Y- - Minutes of the Seventh Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies of Utah Stake, held in the Provo. Meeting-housMay 28th, 1880. onened bv sin trine and nraver. Minute The rpreceding meeting read and approved. read, eports for the quarter just ended were Meet-in- c e, Primary reports. President Mrs. M. T. Smoot said: Although n muff might seem to some tedious to listen to so That still they were of great importance. reports, wa--j what had ra ted us tosretner. xo ueai learn of the progress of all. The Primary a part of ourselves. Time was far spent and profitably spent. She was thankful that she able to meet with the societies again. Altnoup her body was feeble, yet her spirit was vigoroH Realized that God was very good to us. & happiness was increased in seeing so many with bavic gether, and as we were favored Woodruff Rrntht-- WrwlrnfT Riefp Phh Brother Teasdale with us, would hear the vanc verbal reports from the presidents of the oidj ent wards our business, in a rat and hasten ... mt i near our irom visitors, ine presiucu p ana, very interesting accounts of the i doings cau the in v uuio vk buci i ti oiivrTJug . . r . 5 Counselor John was very-mucSraUIr7p listening to for the set Thbught the rejxrts spoke well be t hanw; ments. The sneaker said weIX sliotildcnmPLlll"" C i. At .is r u ti Hint- wo couiu uy our leeoie euuru to yu. Komote Uio welfare of Zion. Prayed God all who took an active part In Zion't cauwh ' - . - 