sire, no juat arid reasonable woman wishes to reign supreme at home or elsewhere. She wants an equaWolce in family affairs, and an equal ownership in children and purse. Bo far from ;thls being the case, the man by law has always been the Role dictator and proprietor, not only of policy, childrenand property, but of the woman herself included, Wonderful supremacy this! so off goes the first head. Second Ana she ought to." Now, I protest thnt here is more, granted nay, thrust upon us than the strongest minded woman, or the one of most "nerve," ever dreamed of asking. Now, if we dared accept this oraclo of "Vidi," what would become of St Paul's office-holder- s, thing else." advice, 'Wives submit," &c, or what of those fear, ful things lately quoted to ' us concerning 'women rule over them, and children are their oppressors?" These things are brought up by those who tear to allow any woman to hold an office lest she should thus sin against conscience and Scripture by ruling over people. Now, from a distance this looks like a time-honore- d office-hunt- . d feion-catchin- g ( . being3 accept degraded posit Ions',' forced upon them through circumstances by those who.claim to be.their natural protectors arid I : to-fulf- Woman's rights and mission have been the theme for many years. Various ha,ve been the opinions of the sexes; and to a great extent the advocates on both sides are all extremists. There has been a continual warfare as to what position women should hoi 1 on this planet of darkness; even on her social rights, the relation she holds to her husband, her children, and to the world husri-band- ,' ; - Some give their opinions that woman's position is equal to that of man in every sense of thoword; others, that she is only a beautiful piece of machinery, made to order. Turned by the wheels of nature, her movements are mechanical; she eats, drinks, sleeps, and performs her daily routine of labor (that labor which has been set apart for tier by the lords of creation), having, seemingly, no object in view but that which supplies their physical wants, and no duty to perform except that which grows out of the animal instincts, and no special destiny to fulfill. The Ideas of the mass In regard to wo. man's rights and mission, and also her motives, are erroneous. The woman who takes a stand for her rights is pictured by some as a tall, gaunt being, clad in nondescript garments, with book under her arm, taking rapid strides through streets and lanes, on . her way to some public office, or lecture-rooturning neither to the right nor left, for fear she should meet that monster, man. m, Possibly some may answer this description, but they are the few. Women generally are true to their natures, but their motives are seldom understood. Pass by the appearance, and look at the hearts, the acts, of these noble women, and you Will see their motives are pure, and they work for the exaltation, and not the degradation, of their species. Their aims are high, their llve3 are useful, effective and virtuous. In them we see life, energy and purpose, arid we are forced to admire a fully developed soul, ;wen if that sold be a woman. The deeds of these nobie women will float around them, like the glory of the departing day, or the gentle breeze of an evening's summer wind. Again, the old maid is laughed at, and jeered at, because she is considered to have no rights, or mission; she is treated with contempt by those who are styled woman's natural protectors. Woman was given to map, by the Maker of the universe, to be a helpmeet and blessing, that he, with her, might attain to that exaltation which rightly belongs to those who faithfully fulfill the object of their ' 'rV creation. Man, when true to his nature, is noble . ill : at large. , . guides. The berated Mormon (t will not say despised, for he is only envied) is able fo comprehend and accord to women, In a larger arwl tmar annaa thai t - rforh t& 'nrl nrton fho their mission upon way for them the earth, which is the--; position of an Intelligent, capable, helpful wife and mother. Woman from the cradlp is instinctively a mother; with the girl the dolls take ; the place of the babe, and sbo dresses, pets',' or scolds it just as earnestly as the real mothe The intelligent woman makes tier home pleasant and happy, if she is permitted the precious boon of "a true home, to her children and friends. She spends the greater portion pf her time wiselyhin homo duties, administering to the wants of tier : family, singing the sweet lullaby, teaeti ing her children tho ways of life and salva of counsel, or tion; giving a cheering-wora helping .hand to her (neighbors; her iel euro moments are spent in insUucftvfi rea ing, in writing some pleasing articleifit a - WOMAN'S RIGHTS AND MISSION er drone. Now, let me assure the timid that there is not the least occasion for all this alarm lest women wish to do men's work and leave their own undone. This is what they want liberty to do everything they please in order that their natural occupations may come to be esteemed at their actual worth; and then woman may choose a peculiarly feminine occupation without being obliged to submit to the injury of working for nothing, and the insult of being told at the same time that she is supported, and that she is rather ornamental than useful. This work, hours a day for board and ing twenty-fou- r clothes is growing too monotonous, and we feel like it is time to adjudge the rate of wages according to the actual service performed, instead of according to the sex of the servant We don't want Do you see, gentlemen? your tlackfeinitbing-anborebreaking,your and fighting; we are free to admit that these things are beyond our powers. But we do want you to admit that housekeeping and citizen rearing are beyond your powers, and that between these two extremes is ample scope for the exercise of all the talents of both men and women so that none need remain hidden, in a napkin. But to return to "yidi." He says "one woman who Is content to train her children for future usefulness and instil into their souls principles of virtue, purity, honor and integrity, is worth more to the world at large than a whole regiment of female 'a gen-tleman- St. George, Feb. 20, 1880. your fears, "mes enfant," and see how frail it is. No doubt you have all heard delegates elect make their farewell address to their constituents, and not one of them ever failed to assure the sovereign people that ."I go, not your ruler, but your servant, subject to your orders and bound to obey your instructions." So you see that accord, iog to men's own definition of such a position, those who believe in woman's subserviency ought to be anxious to send her to the Legislature. But off with this second head, for in the Ideal Society we will all serve each other; and we deny that a wb- man or.a man ought to reign supreme at home, or anywhere else. Let us all be free and equal. And if those women who clamor for office are the very ones wo would not like to put there, it is equally true when applied to men. Those who most faithfully and hon. estly perform their private duties are they who will be most likely to do public work in tne same way. The is a . I.move to amend the resolution by. striking out the wortT "female," so that it may read ''is- worth more to the world at large than a whole regiment of officeholders, voters, politicians, or anything else." Carried. We want to do our own peculiar work, because we know Its worth; but we are tired ofspoiling it by being obliged to subcontract and follow orders of those who cannot know, and often do not care, how it ought to be done, so that they can claim the pay. We want the original contract, so that we can be at H berty to pursue the bes t methods, and we guarantee better work, L. L. D. bubaboo, but calm large-size- d . Mr. Speaker: c thpwftman,; gentle and pure' and botli coriablned iotpd a perfect ytiiote Women naturally se'era to more frilly ua- -' derstand the 7 object of. fheir creai,iorjf-.tuinmen; no matter what any. one may' say Jq the contrary, thero are but few women wjp would not gladly fulfill their mission, arid have their womanly rights, if tba'pportu ni ty were given them but aan?taad0 systems have changed the whole tenor of their lives, and many. naturally purp and virtuous "arid braye. voters, politicians, or any- d Mormon, for; the Woman's - Expqnent) in doing anything that tends to ttienaV pro ve in en t of the mind and the- - exaltation , .,. oi the aouL Conre with me, and I you . a woman that fully understands, ancj "appreciates her rights and mission.; itda pit a ; wUl-sho- . , . 8eq: that pretty cottage partly with: roses, boneysuckof:and few steps. concealed sweetbriar; note the nice g ravel e walk leading to the house, the .tastily arranged beds of flowers, the very air(is filled wth the perfume of the aweetfscented: beautie of nature; list to the merry, choristers, as they flit from tree to treej ..how OmeUke and beautiful everything appears. . It is evening,, and this room seems to bo the pleasant room pf the house; let us tako a peep at its contents. In front of the: win do w stands a small table ; on it . are book pens, ink and paper. What have we here, a bluo stocking? Oh, no; only a woman who understands her rights and miskipn. Seel she has been writing; Jet us read what she says: '"In reading the papers,'! am the. pros and ,cons o4he free, and liberal citizens of ' Utah. Can ". it ,be possible that; a Latter day Saint of. either sex objects to the rights of women,; as defined in the recent petition tp the Leglalative Assembly of the Territory of Utah? Are there sisters in Utah who .are so igrioV rant, and so far behind the spirit of , the times, as not to appreciate or understand their rights as free women? Do4hey not want; the privilege of the franchise, jpr m'orelhe right and might to choose' those; w h p are capable to hold office of pit tie r sox some pf ;our brethreu iin&we 'Intebtl'j to monopolize thls little , world, "and '.leave them put in the cpld? "Be- of good pheer, : , ; - , : , t-D- o - ye of tllttle faith,,., such is - uptjpux In-- ! tent1 Herp the subject is hastily lefti- - .. j Let us continue par investigation; In ; the centre of the room stands a table, spread wun .enpwy cioin anai snining aisnes; noi ; costjy viands, meet the eye, but,;8imple, healthy food. Nice white bread, sweet O . , 