WOMAN'S EXPONENT 130 SPEECH OF HON. it will break down In Utah a wall which is in W. PENROSE, C. the way of the march of progress,and every stone and, brick of which will yet be entirely ra moved in every nation that is really civil-lize- the House of Representatives. Irr d. "Utah is the home of liberty for all, and peculiarly the sanctuary for woman. Here all her rights "are popularly acknowledged Massachusetts and other States have commenced the work. Women there can not only vote on school matters, but hold official positions on school boards and other State educational organizations. They have the same privileges in Kansas. In Utah, where the elevation of woman as man's companion, not his slave, is tho prevailing social theory, she cannot, under the law, hold any office of any kind whatever. Cache County would have elected a lady to the office of County Superintendent of Schools, one who had proven to the people her ample qualifications for the post, but the law forbade It. Salt Lake County con- templated nominating a talon ted lady for the office of County" Treasurer, biifc the disability which this bill seeks to remove stood grimly in the way. Now, I do not cite these as sample offices to which women should be elected, but merely refer to these and accorded; here she is protected arid hero the conventionalities .which have kept her In bondage for ages are thrown aside by the force of an enlightened estimate of her capabilities, and an enlarged view of her claims as an integral part of the do-fende- d; declare her a citizen equally with man; the laws of this Territory give her equal rights with man at the polls. This has worked no inj uryjiraayutj - - fiAVPinn 1 tnnnnr. ana us . tf resDonsiDiiiues - give occasion for reflection.and the enlarged capacities of woman which will bo the natural consequence, will be transmitted to her offspring, and benefits Will thus accrue to the State in tho coming generation. None of woman suffrage have occurred in this Territory. The women have- exercised their do wot in wisdom, and have shown their fitness for the trust reposed In them. They have not been degraded or polluted by dabbling in the waters of politics, and are just as good wives, : mothers, sisters, cousins and aunts as before receiving the elective franchise. Recently they have had some voice in our caucuses and conventions and nominating committees; and who can say, truthful ly, that this has been in any wyJnimical to the community? Giving them the right to vote without the right to a voice in the ar- rangement of a ticket or platform on which to vote would be partial and inconsistent. Having done so much ior woman's cause, why halt in timid hesitation before the last barrier to her political freedom? The word "male" in our statutes defining the qualifications of citizens for holding office, is a relic of the old system of woman's vassalage. It is a standing reflection upon her sex. It is a plain assertion of her infer!, ority. It says virtually, "No matter how wise, intellectual, honest, thrifty , able and giftdd a woman may be, she is not fit to be entrusted with the responsibilities of the smallest office in the sift of the Deonle." If 'tnis is not its meaning, tnen it is a seltish declaration that all the honors and emoluments of every office shall be reserved to the stronger sex, because man has tho power to elbow woman out into the cold and keep her there. There are some offices for which women are not adapted. But are there not also some offices for which many men are riot . " howjreasons why the discriminating and egotistical word "male" should be expunged from the statutes relating to qualifications for office. . Used in jhi3 connection, it is a slur on our wive3 and sisters and mothers. It IS a vestige of the barbaric estimate of the gentler sex. Away With it. Blot It oat with the pen of a progressive age and 'the ink of advanced ideas. Let it go with its companion that once stood in tho way of woman suffrage, but was swept into the limbo of antiquated measures by the besom of tho act of 1870. Give to tho women of JJtah therp are.none bettcr.in the w6rld- -full, perfecV and complete political liberty I" i ' is debarred by statutory provisions from such positions. But woman is shut out from all, and this purely and solely because she is woman. It is not asked that certain offices be set apart for either sex. We are simply requested to move this ugly and staring brand of woman's political inferority from our statues book; to render it possible for women to fill such offices as they may be fitted to occupy with honor to themselves and profit to the people. The good sense of the great body ot electors of both sexes must determine what those offices may be, and, as in the case of man, which persons are the most competent to fill them. - -- ..A ; . ...... , body politic. Tho right to vote has already been conferred upon her. The laws of the nation The bill will not secure a single office to a llmmn feW umau-- ot a mamoa one either. But are allowed no share in making them. This language, when applied to males, would be the: exact definition of political slavery." Is it just or wise that woman, in the largest and professedly the freest aud most- - enlightened nineteenth century, should be thus degraded? We would especially direct the attention of the Convention to the legal condition of married women. Not being represented in those bodies from which emanate the laws, to which they are obliged to submit, they are protected neither In person nor property. lThe merging of woman's name in that of her husband is emblematical of tho fate of all her legal rights." At the mar. riage altar the law divestsLher of alidls-tin- ct individuality. Blackstone says: "the very being, or legal existence of the woman is suspended during marriage, or at least incorporated or consolidated into that of her husband." Legally, she ceases to exist, and becomes emphatically a new creature, and is ever after denied the dignity of a rational and accountable being. The husband is allowed to take possession of her estates, as the law has proclaimed her legally dead. All that she has becomes legally his, and he can collect and dispose of the profits of hej labor without her consent, as he thinks fit, and she can own nothing which is not regarded by the law as belonging to her husband. Over her person he has a more limited power. Still, if he render life intolerable; so that she is forced to leave him, he has the power to retain her children, and "seize her and bring her back," for ho has a right to her society which he may enforce, either against herself or any othetperson-Wh- o detains her X Walker, page 226.) ; f (To be continued.) v. .. - AN ADDRESS. CONTINUED. NEW-YEAR- Qratz Brown, of Mo., said years ago in the U. 8. Senate, X stand for Universal Suffrage, and do hot recognize tho right of society to llmlt.it on account of color or sex." Wnether suffrage i3 a right or privilege, natural or conventional, its denial to woman is equally Indefensible. Minors become of age, slaves are emancipated, luna tics regain reason, idiots even are sometimes endowed with intelligence, criminals are paidoned, traitors aro amnestied, disfranchised males of every class shed their disabilities and aro restored to liberty; but the fact of sex the crime of womanhood-doo- ms one to perpetual vassalage. Not the ability to drink, chew smoke, lie, steal and swear, votes. Intellect, conscience, character are supposed to vote, and the boy proudly becoming a citizen before his mother, is crowned a sovereign at twenty-onbecause In thought, discretion, he ceases to'crawl as an animal, but stands an upright intelligence. Prof. Walker, In his "Introduction to American Law," says: "We .believe the whole theory of the Common Law in relation to woman is unjust and degrading, tending to reduce her to a level with the Blave, deprlving her of political exlstence,and forming a positive exception to the great doctrine of equality as set forth in the Declaration of Independence In the language of Prof. Walker, In his "In troduction to .American Law," "Women have no part or lot In the foundation or administration of the government. They cannot vote or hold office. They are required to contribute their share, by way of taxes, to tho support of the government but rejdlowed nojvoice in its direction. They aro amenable to tha laws when made, but e, - - - ... - 'S .P - - .... - PARTY. - .f - ... - - - - The regular .monthly meeting of tho Relief Society qf VVellsyille happening on 'New Yeax Day, the sfsters concluded to , make it the occasion ffor a surprise to their worthy President Sister ElelWhifon. A committee consisting of "Sisters Jane Leath. am, Barbary Maughan,Mary Owens, Sarah A. Walters and Elizabeth Owen3 undertook the management of the affair. Ready at the appointed imej for meeting, a table, exfull length of the Relief House, tending thennVl si An&AnsI - :. a nt!iU Ik A tvaaA.ron luxuries that could please the eye or de- 11 mi thing was ready a sleig was sent to con.-ve- y Sister Whiton to meeting as she entered the room her surprise can bo better A imorrina flian flaoniiiKnrl fin lm!nr conducted to the seat provided for her, Sister Jane Leatham in few choice remarks presented her with an elegant cloak as a token of the esteem and affection of her' sisters. Sister Whiton .was so overcome by these demonstrations that for some time an impressive silence was her. only response. A blessing upon all the bounties provided ATirl r nil nn ma ma1 t n f 1 4V Atvt ttrn a asked by onr 'esteemed Bishop Wm E ' " Maughan. After partaking of the sumptuous repast, Sister Whiton was called for,and responded in a short and Impressive address, after which songs, speeches, recitations etc. with excellent, music , from our Bras3 Band, followed until darkness dis TIO TQQfl tVia TMlfUimnnfo In (ha nrraf ontntraMa occasion the winter has ever had the pleas -- ure Jane Leatham, Reporter. in-terepe- sed -- v 