WOMAN '8 of the Young Ladles Association, Sister parsons Pres of the RS., of Newton Bros. Thomas Godfrey, W m. Griffin, Richard God-fre- y i and Bishop Jardine. The Spirit of God was enjoyed by the speakers and hearers. Our Bishop gave us very kind fatherly advice and encouraged the sisters 4a go on in the good work they were engaged in; he felt greatly blessed by the help. received from the sisters in dona- tions to the Logan Temple,and also in looking after the poor. The Treasurer's report was read which showed that there had been received $161, -- 93cts. Disbursed to Logan Temple,$l00,00 to the poor, $237; balance on hand $33,56 ; Shares in Logan Woolen Factory $161,93. Co-o$45,00; we have $35.00; Clarkston 86 bus. and 381bs. which is wheat stored up now in the Bishop's hands to loan to the worthy poor as he may think proper. The health of the people in Clarkston is good and they are in general, striving to live their religion and assist in the building up of God's kingdom on the earth. Desiring to do what little good I may be able to do and praying for the welfare of Zion and all the honest in heart the world over, I remain your sister in the Gospel of peace and salvation. p Jane Goefjroy. BETTER fO THE SISTERS. For several months past I have been assisting in taking care of an aged sister, also in working at my business (millinery); altogether my time has been so taken up that 1 have been obliged My Dear Sisters stay away from many of our meetings, yet can assure you I am still ono with you in the faltH of the Everlasting Gospel, revealed in this dispensation for the salvation of the human race. Our beloved sister having now passed beyond the portals of the tomb, to rejoin her loved ones, I feel a little more at liberty, and will at least be more punctual in the future to answer my correspondents in various parts of the Territoryand will be pleased to hear from any of my friends, and shall feel cheered to hear of their progress in the jgood work. I realize that we as a people are passing through what may be termed the 'narrows,1' and the narrowest, or most trying ordeals" are yet before to usl I often ponder over the question, "Are we preparing ourselves" for the eventful ful period closo at hand? "If we are not," we should begin at once to live our religion and watch ourselves very closely, seek to understand the will of God concerning us individually, and then earnestly try to carry out his designs by every word, thought and act, or we shall be accounted unprofitable 7 servants. The Lord Is "very merciful to us. He has warned arid forewarned us, through his servants from tlmo to time, and yet we neglect our duties and consider our temporal wel- -: fare as of more importance. "Who is there" that attended ' Conference, and heard the words of Inspiration that flowed from the mouth of our 1 beloved - President, and felt the power of God that accompanied every the necessity of- - searching t word, ' - but-'fel- hearts and asking, "Is It I?" their ownof God? "Am I keeping Am I trying to 'govern myself, and shun Am I seek-in- g the evils that flesh is heir to? to live worthily before the Lord and his servants, of ami giving way to the evils and follies of the world, and living a life of hypocrisy and deceit? Salvation is personal; it is our own acts E X P O N B N T. that will either save or destroy us. No one can rob us of our salvation through prejudice; slander, or falsehood; He who knows the secrets of all hearts will be our final Judge, i There will be no "favoritism," no enemy can whisper a word or two, through jealousy, or envy, and poison the mind of our Heavenly Father, and deprive us of our, just reward! Then let us shake, off lethargy, be awake to every duty, root out the tares sown In our hearts by our common enemy, forgive each other even as we hope to be forgiven; be gentle, patient and forbearing toward each other, yet firm in right and righteous, ness; never be guilty of slander, never, never toop so low as to utter aught concerning each other that is untrue in any particular, or that will fall upon our sisters like a withering blight; true, God will not let them suffer long under unjust injuries, but those who are guilty of committing the wrong will be the ones to snffer the penalty, besides losing the confidence of those they injure. There are many things that we, the daughters of Zion, must put down, before we can have the blessings of God upon us, amongst them is the folly, or evil, f fortune telling. We find in holy writ there Is a curse pronounced an those who practice it and lead others to do so. But say some, We only do it for fun, we do not put any faith in it" So much the more reason to stop it, and spend no more of our time and money in that which profiteth nothing but sorrow. I have known sisters to make themselves miserable over what had been told them, or what they imagined they had seen in the tea.grounds. We find the Lord speaking through his prophet, Isaiah, 8th chap, 19th and ,20th versesi. ... . j "And when tlTey shall say unto you, Beek unto them that have familiar spirits, and wizards that peep and mutter, should not a To the law people seek unto their God and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this word, it Is because there is no light in them." How careful should we be, then, to train our children in the ways ef the Lord, and not set an example before them that will take them into by and forbidden paths, that lead to destruction. Let us try to mend our ways and lead our children to serve God and enquire of Him in the hour of need, as did the holy women of old. For the Lord Is our Judge, the Lord is our the Lord is our King; He will save us if Then let us we faithfully serve Him. never weary in well doing, never be afraid to testify before the . world and each other, what we know pertaining to the principles of eternal life, Iknpw this Is the work of God in which we are engaged; I have known it beyond a doubt from my girlhood. I know that the gifts and blessings are with those who live worthy of themjand If we wei e to exercise more faith In God, our sick would be healed, and so many of our little ones would not be taken from' us; we should not call on doctors so often; when it is really necessary, then let it be a doctor of our own faith, that the blessing of God may attend' their labors. I have always believed in the order of plural, or celestial marriage, long before I . was a member of this Church; I learned it Bince joining the from the . Scriptures. to be of God, and I would Church I know It earnestly beseech my sisters never to trifle ,or tamper with it; far better for them to be silent concerning it, unless tney really have a testimony for themselves, and have strength enough to entirely rely upon the t Law-give- -- . r, 180 ac- - Lord, and have an earnest desire to live me eacrea principles loat uoa 10 cording- - has revealed, Irrespective of their own personal feelings or gratifications; ' .vuwjI ri Let us each and every one, from this time forth, resolve that by God's helo we will try to set ourselves and our children' right. How easy will it be for the father of a family to govern his household, where' each individual has learned to govern him. self. How pleasant and gratifying it would be to our Bishops, Presidents of Stakes, and to the Authorities whom God has placed to preside over us. We should then become of one heart and one mind, and the God of Israel would be our God, and we should really be to Him a people. He "will bless and protect all who put their trust in Him; He will frustrate the designs of bur ene- mi es, and put to naught the wisdom of , man. Elizabeth. Davis. A MASS; MEETING For all Women who want to vote, will be held at Farwell Hall, 148 Madison St., between Clark and La Salle Street, Chicago, Wednesday, June 2d, M 2.30 and 8 P. M. 111., 1880,-a- t A. 10 Every woman in the United States who sees or hears of this call Is most earnestly invited lo be present at this meeting. If this Is impossible, she is urged to send a letter or postal, with her name and .wish expressed in her briefest and, strongest manner, addressed to ' ' Elizabeth Cad y Stanton, I'resiaent jm. vy. o. a., West Lake St., Chicago; III. " Letters or Postals certain to roach Chicago on June 2d. can be addressed Farwell Hall. Nnnr lot na TACflivfl kt I oast twentv thoni sand Dostals. and let them be sent in amnio time to reach our meeting at Farwell Hall, Care 7. 47G JL W in season. ' "I The best speakers in the United. States will be present. Our delegates will proceed from this meeting to the Republican Nominating Convention, to present our demand for their insertion of the following' ' V plank. Resolved, That the right of suffrage - in- heres in the citizen of the United States and we pledge ourselves to secure protection in the exercise of this right to all cit5 izens, irrespective of sex, by an amend-ment to the National Constitution " 7 : Let us meet together and by overwhelm- Ing force of numbers show our y earnestness' and our determination to secure for our- -' selves the acknowledged' right of self, .. . gpvernraeijt. . Susan B. Anthony, vice-rreai ijarge, jn. w. o. a.ii Matilda Joslyn Gage, Chairman Exciitive Com. N. ' WI S.' A. ; .. s. . S All papers friendly to woman's demands'' are requested to copy this call.- - Women, are everywhere urged, to give it wide cir. 1: riiloflrn - PRIMARY" ASSOCIATIONS' QUAR- TERLY CONFERENCE ATJOGDEN;; : MAECH," 19; 1880, 2 P. M r The services, opened ;by singing "In oixr lovely Deseret,'. by: the chlldreny By the offered" request of ,the,cblldren,j)rayer was " ' . ;' . by President JbhnvTaylor.. 'After singing;1 a 'number of interesting7 questions concerning religious matters were . "; 