' 60 .. heard. She was dressed in black cashmere, with heavy' crape trimmings, ber,hair put up plain in the style of thirty years agoj and she looked the very picture of elegant simplicity. Her sweet; intelligent face, her full, eloquent eye, her attractive manner, won all hearts at once. She , is indeed a noble, tender, loving, THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. emm k mm: b. in Salt Lake City, Utah Published Terms: One copy "one year, S3. 00-- , one ropy six months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil pace, one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower "West Room Of the Council Ifause, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. in. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to - f i Editor. wells, : eemi-monthl- Publisher Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1880. VISIT OF PRESIDENT HAYES AND PARTY. On Sunday morning, Sept. 5, 7. ( ' s i ' at a quarter be- fore ten o'clock, a special train left this city for Ogden, to meet President and Mrs. Hayes, Secretary Ramsey, Gen. Sherman and the party traveling with them from the East. The Salt party consisted of President John Taylor and wife, j0m Sharp, Superintendent of the Utah Central, and hia daughter, Miss Nettie Sharp, Hon. George Q. Cannon, oen. d, jt, Wells and wife, Pres. Angus M. Cunnon ana his daughter, TVfrss Mina Cannon, Gen. II. S. Eldredge, Hon. Wm. Jennings and his son, Mx. Joseph Jennings, C. VV. Penrose, Editor Deaeret JSrW8J and wife, Col. Theodore McKean, Hon. David O. Calder and H. W. Naisbitt, Esq. The traiflt, reached Ogden hefore eleven o'clock, and tlmPresfdeiitW party .&kj&JKjfae tmt&twe&tv nve mimrteswt ae-- ocJock AV.f. .. JCfce,. Ogden iirass liana were playing enthusiastically at the depot, and a large crowd of citizens had assembled to welcome the Chief Magistrate of the nation and his friends. There were five coaches in the train, and the engine was elaborately decorated. Governor Murray and the Committee were on board the train, having met the Eastern J-ake iio. party and joined them at Weber Station. The President was greeted heartily hy the assembled crowd, and introduced to them by Governor Murray. Prest. Hayes said a few words, and excused himself on account of its leing the Sabbath day; Secretary Ramsey did the same. Gen. Sherman, being loudly called for, expressed his pleasure briefly. The ears containing the new arrivals were then attached to the special train from Salt Lake, the engine having been artistically decorated with flags and streamers for the occasion. Im mini iately after, President Hayes was introduced from the platform of his car by Apostle Cannon to Prest. Taylor, Gen. Wells and the other gentlemen and ladies of the party. The train left Ogden amid loud cheering, and in a few minutes the Presidentof the United States .visited Prest. Taylor and his friends, remaining witli them until after the train passed rfaysville. His manner wat most affable, and he conversed with Prest. Taylor and others freely upon subjects of general interest pertaining to the interests of the Territory. Shortly after the President left, Secretary Ramsey came in and spent a few moments, then Gen. Sherman, who remained until the train reached the city. While the train was between Kaysville and Farmington, Mrs. Hayes sent to invite the ladies of Prest. Taylor's party to visit her in her own car, to which they respondedand spent the rest of the time with her until the train arrived In the city. Mrs. Hayes was as charming aa ever, very sociable with the just ladies, and seemed pleased and surprised with all that she saw and WOMB'S EXPONENT. whole-souled- gentlewoman. At Farmington the Sunday Schools were out and the train stopped a few minutes for the President and Mrs. Hayes to shake hands with the children. A similar scene was enacted at Wood's Cross, and both the' President and his amiable wife seemed much pleased. When the train arrived in the city, carriages were in waiting to escort the party to the Hotel, which had been magnificently decorated in honor of the arrival. The streets were thronged with people, and the Sunday Schools were out with banners, mottoes, etc. Crowds of people had gathered around the Walker House, desirous of seeing His Excellency; and after the party were inside the house, Governor Murray came out upon the portico with the President, and introduced him to the people. He begged to be excused from making a formal speech, thanked the people for the welcome and retired while the crowd were cheering. The Governor then introduced the Secretary of War, who also thanked the people, and expressed his surprise and admiration at the appearance of the place and the people, and said they had met with surprises all along the route, but the present one wag .beyond anything they had seen. Gen. Sherman was then introduced. He has formany years been greatly admired and esteemed by the Mormon people, bavin tr visited 'Salt liake once oefore, and also the Mormon settlements m Arizoua. ills speech was tak : , ia:f!hpt Friends ana 'FeWtWitie'&hand reporter. public benefactors. The President will in due time, on all proper occasions, recognize your kindness to himnot here, but else where; for he takes note of everything as he goes along,and he is so familiar with the history of this people, that when the time comes that he can say a kind word for you, he will do it. (Great applause.) All that I want to say this Sunday afternoon is this: Go on n you have begun, make homes for yourselves and your children and be half as good as you know How to Le, and you will be good enough for thl or any other valley.- (Applause.) I thank you again for this testimony to vonr Chief Magistrate, and I believe it will do good w mm ana 10 yourselves and to the whole world. I beg you will excuse us from savinz anvth W further excepting that we intend spending all of and part of in your City,and vjji uo me best we can to view the internal arrangements, the garrison on the hill top and anything else that we can overtake. We are I may gay, on the road to California with all speed, and we can't stop. Those fellows in California hold a lariat around our necks and we have got to go on and make the best of our time-LaU-g.ito-da- y w cannot fail to see that it applies to holy men and women, in a day when Zion is to be redeemed. Common sense will convince one that none but good and pure(women,ewould make such a pronosi. tion; those whe understood the laws and com maudments of God. However let that pass his sermon is not worth a moment's thought to those who understand the law of God concer- marriage. Monday morning between eight and nine o'clock the President's party visited the , and while there some of the ladies and gentlemen held a conversation with each other in low tones from opposite siifes of the building and were greatly surprised at its acoustic prning Taber-nacle- operties. A public reception was held in the Walker House parlors from ten to eleven o'clock A. M. Many citizens both men and women and also children availed themselves of this opportunity, of meeting and shaking .hands with His Pres. Hayes and his distinguished Ex-cellenc- y - example of niy ChleMivdeed, I may sayiny two chiefs I ought to say nothing; but I cannot look upon this crowd of people, and upon the scenery on my right and. on my left hand, without saying a few words of praise to those who have come to this desert land and made it to blossom as the rose. (Cheers and applause.) An old philosopher remarked, before any of us were born,that he who made two blades of grass to grow where only one did before was a public benefactor. Now the people who have made the pears and apples, and the peaches and tho wheat and clover and thegras3 to grow, when but a short time ago there was nothing but the sagebrush to be seen, are entitled to our thanks as - ter an i applause.) In the all, we thank you for the hearty reiepUo'n -- ken unto us thus far. (Great applause and cheers ) There were loud calls for Mrs. Hayes who then introduced and greeted with hearty cheev She bowed gracefully and retired. The crowd soon dispersed and the Sabbath resumed its accustomed serenity. In the evening the President, Mrs. Hayes and a number of their party attended service at the Methodist Church. The preacher was most unfortunate in taking his text,as his whole aim seemed to be to convince them of the gross wickedness of the practise of plural marriage yet he selected, the first .ver,-- e of the fourth ciiapter of Isaiah, which reads "And iu that day seven women shall take hold of one man' &c Any person who will read the chapter through ifp reception, the party; Murray, the reception-coauaitte- e. their ladies and other invited guests, among whom were Hon. Wm. Jennings and wife and Bishop John Sharp, went to Fort Douglas, where their arrival was greeted by Gen. Smith with a salute of artillery. They remained there to lunch, then returned to the city and took special train immediately for Ogden, at half past one p. M. The depot yard was crowded with people anxious to catch the last glimpse of the illustrious visitors. Quite a largo company from Salt Lake accompanied the party to Ogrlen.-Pre- st. John Taylor, several of the Apostle and many other prominent cit'zens. A goodly number ofladies were also of the party. Soon after the train started Pres. Hayes came into Pres. Taylor's car, and held a long and in- teresting conversation with him. Mrs. Hayes expressed a wish to see the ladies of the tarty; accoidiiigly they were all introduced, snr returned with them and spent some time in pleas, ant conversation in the most sociable manner, Mrs. Eliza It, Snow Smith presented Mrs. Hayes with a volume of her poems and a copy of the little hymn book she has recently published fur the children. She wan also wiJi a d "silk lace fichu, as a souvenir of her vi4t to the City of the Saints.' The silk was raised by Mft Schneiter of this city, and the. article manufat'- - 1 tured by Mrs. Ursen bach". It is a very elegant I and elaborate piece of fancy lace work. A note hastily written at the last moment acoonipanieJ the gift. Mrs. Hayes is certa'nly one of the loveliest women we have ever had the picture of meeting. Her intelligent face is expressive of goodness, mercy, gentleness, tenderness, a" J in fact all those beautiful qualities that cartf with them an inexpressible charm and takes all 1 hearts captive. She will be remembered with that trust pleasure by all who met her and we do 45? with Gov." pre.-tnte- 