WOMAN'S EXPONENT, THE SILVER WEDDING. jeare, you say, since the redding, on" Ufa's stream, Wbeo yoa launched forth your bark tTith hearts filled with lore, hope and union a dream. Obi tha tlms It has passed like Trenty-flv- e tba sweet and the bltteron've tasted, Over roses and thorns yon hare trod; Bat each thorn is a star In the crown yon will wear Jben yon reach the celestial abode. Some barter for gold and for silver Their wisdom, their honor, their troth; jjnt yoa have been true to that promise yoa m&de in your earlier youth. and the simmer Js ended, A5d the autumn is hovering nigh; )h! gather the golden sheaves of love, Girner safe for the winter's supply. In gold, silver, rubies and diamonds Ton may glitter from youth to old age; Bat in sparkling treasures of wisdom Yon will make far the brightest page. Spring has passed, meet and extend kindly greetlngs-r-Mathe pure bonds of friendship never Be forgotten on earth; and lu heaven May we clasp hands and live on forever. Friends y Lucy A. Clahk. the Twenty fifth Anniversary of the wedding day of Bro. Edward These lines were written on -- Sister Elizabeth Stevenson, Oct. 28, 1880. silver wedding reception was given at their and A residence in the 14th Ward; a large number of guests assembled, congratulations were offered and a sumptuous repast partaken of. Afterwards remarks were made, suitable to the occasion bv Elder Stevenson, followed by W. Woodruff, Coun. D. H. Wells, Elder J. Home and other brethren. A delicious wedding cake and other refreshments were ferved; there were songs and music, and the party enjoyed themselves heartily. Many choice and elegant silver presents were made 9 the worthy couple, and nil went "merry as a narriage bell." Apostle DARE TO 1)0 RIGHT. the inhabitants of America, who enjoy the blessed right of doing as they please,so long as they do not infringe upon another man's rights, it may be hard to believe, at first, that the Catholic Priests hold such power over the people anywhere else. One of the many reasons for this is the Catholics firm belief that his sins will not be remitted in heaven, unless they are remitted by the Priest, on earth; and that nothing but blind obedience to the priestcraft, will secure his salvation. Add to that spiritual sway, the fact that the Priest can(in proportion to his degree) hold out to the people honors and lucrative position on one hand, and destitution or even death on the other; and you will only need to read the lives of the Popes and their Cardinals to draw a true estimate of the bondage oC. $e Italian people for centuries. A people once so proud and fair! to Thirty-si- x years agot was a common thing near of Jewish and Protestant children being abducted in broad daylight, to be thrown into Monasteries, and there incarcerated for life. The perpetraters of these cruelties would obtain the absolution of their sins for saving a heretic's ul. Were there none courageous and united enough to rebel? Yes in many instances, but they were unsuccessful. The inhabitants of the valleys of the Alps, known as the Waldenses, are the descendants f a faction, who having dissented from the Roman Church, were persecuted, and driven to the Alps; in to the crags and caves of which fountains they were pursued, hemmed in and tortured most barbarousl v. Those who succeeded to escape, fled through the pass of St. Bernard, To , 99 into France, and there remained until death removed their pursuers. Returning to Italy .they settled in the valleys which had been drenched with their ancestors' blood; and their children can recite the of their well as their story persecutions, as catechism. The Province embracing . those Valleys, is the province of Pinerolo. Their principal towns are: Pinerolo, Luzerna; Torre, San Giovanni hesides many small settlements on bleak and almost barren heights. The climate in most ofthose towns is much like the climate of Utah; differing according to their proximity to the bighest mountains. In most places, they raise maize, rye, potatoes, wain uts chesnuts and grapes, on slopes facing the South. In business transactions, places of worship and schools the French language is spoken and taught; but privately they speak a dialect called Patois (Patwah,) a mixture of French and to-da- y, Se-condo,- Piedmontese. The Waldenses are hardy industrious and frugal,:but in some localities somewhat degenerated in stature and intelligence. After the battle of Waterloo, in which Colonel C. Beckwith lost a limb, and almost his life; the gentleman as soon as convalescent, determined to travel in France, Switzerland and Italy; he visited the Waldenses and becoming interested in them,settled among them, and spent his fortune in building schools and churches in their midst. Mr. Beckwith also aided many efficient scholars of both sexes, in obtaining seats in Colleges and Univesities of Switzerland and Prussia. Up to 1847, the Waldenses or indeed any other so called heretic, could not own houses or lands, in their own names, (except in their own province) nor could their dead be buried only by the road side. Their young men were drafted to serve in the army hut not to be promoted; nor could they enjoy any civil rights any more than a felon. Words fail to portray the joy and enthusiasm that filled every bosom (excepting the priestViccraft) in the kingdom of Piedmont, when tor Emmanuel granted his people a Constitutional government, liberty of press and liberty of worship, emancipating the Jews and Waldenses and granted to all the same rights. A whole week was spent in national festivities, especially in the Capital where the long and despised Vafdese was sought and feasted; Voidest the shouts of Viva il Re and. Fttw echod through the streets and halls from morn till night. Every year on the 17th of EmancipaFebruary the Anniversary of thewith as much tion, these festivities are repeated enthusiasm as the Americans celebrate the Fourth of July. Long processions of the Union of all trades headed by the National Guards and two immense chariots, one conthe Godtaining a life size Statue representing dess of Liberty, the other a printing press, make their way through the principal streets and squares and up to the Royal Palace where their demonstrations of love and gratitude ior the King, would be deafening Victor Emmanuel was not satisfied with treeand Sardinia; ing his people in Piedmontavoy Lombardics the but later on succeeded in freeing the Roman Empire or States and the bicilies from the Austrian and Papal Yoke. Few Kings have accomplished as much good and in a reign of about 30 years (more or less?) were which always although he had his faults, " maznihed by Digoieu auu Records is Eternal the in I rust that his name this who in 1U nf the trulv irreat ones, on life have dared to do right. I u... p ; Morgan Nov. 21 . devised apian A north Adams inventor has for lighting Hoosae Tunnel by electricity. CORRESPONDENCE. Siy George Nov, 10, 1880. Mrs. E. E. Wells: Before leaving St. George I thought I would drop a line to inform you of my probable return home after an absence of two months. I expect to start for Milford to Dear Sister: day I have had the satisfaction of working in the Temple for several days in behalf of our dead, and have had a delightful visit and time of refreshing with my dear sister, relatives and friends of this much talked of City. Yesterday was the anniversary of the birthday of Prcs't. Erastus Snow and we were the participants of a most agreeable and interesting partv on the occasion, at his residence, where his wives and sons and daughters had prepared a sumptuous entertainment, inviting a number of friends including Pres't. Angus M. Cannon and company, who are on a visit to this place, also Mrs. Tate from Toole, probably in all, family and guests, numbering eighty-persons. The evening" was spent in pleasing converse and reunion of old associations, together with vocal and instrumental music rendered by members of his interesting family. I should not omit to mention the performance of a Juvenile brass band outside which, very considering their extreme youth, wasbecome to good and promises, by perseverance . , proficient. deto their take about were When the guests closed with a heart-fel- t parture Pres't. Snow for your continued prayer. With best wishes prosperity. As ever, Yours truly, M. A. P. Hype. THE VENERABLE LUCRETIA MOTT. This estimable and lovely woman departed this life November 11, in the city of Philadelphia, Pa. Her maiden name was Lucretia Coflin and she was born in Nantucket on the 3d, of Janu:the society of ary 1 793: She was a member ofof their peace Friends, and a firm advocate workabolitionist, a'strone was she principles; for the emancipation ing actively and earnestly of the colored race. She married James Mott in Philidelphia in 1811. It is stated that in her twenty-sixt- h year she began to preach. The care of a family for a few years hindered her from active work in other directions but seveaal subsequently she traveled through of states preaching against the crime slavery and the duty of abstaining from the proceeds of slave labor. She was delegate to the world s Anti Slavery Convention held in London in 1840, but the a seat as a delegate was right of a woman toexcluded from taking part denied and she was in the assembly, but was received with courtesy and great kindness. Mrs. M. was one of the Seneca Falls leading spirits at the famous 1848 and has Woman's Rights Convention in labored faithfully for woman suffrage ever since. From persons intimately acquainted with this excellent lady we have heard much anof her nobility of character, her sweet andmanand attractive gelic spirit, her charming and her ner, her eloquent and pleading voice away peace-fu- ll persuasive language. She passedbut her name v and has gone to her rest; will be held in honorable remembrance, for mhenUnce. good works arc an imperishable her new Miss Anna Dickinson, has read audiplay, "Aurelian," before a Philadelphia saia sh3 had ence and the Pre, of that citv, closest at"a most cordial reception, and the was girea tention, broken only by applaud, W. J. to her play.n 