WOMAN'S EXPONENT. in2 commenced with singing and praver after unseiors whicn Dister oaran .xxerncK. aim made a few remarks, the Presidents of each society then bore their testimony and gave a report of their societies; all are doing well, the young ladies are taking a lively instri ving .to. im- terest in their meetinggrand-ar- e prove in all things that will tend to make them able women in Zion. erood and Sarah Hebrick, Rose Canfield, , Pres. Sec'y. The Primary f Associations of Weber Stake of Zion, held their Conference, inthe Taber- nacle, Ogden City, Sept. 18th, 1880. Mrs Josephine R. West presiding. We had in attendance several of the Bishops and the fathers and mothers of the children. The children took up the time in the morning in singing and reciting appropriate peices. The afternoon meeting was continued with much the same ex- t the remarks made by the ercises excepting presidents who felt that God was blessing,them in their labors with the children. The President then nominated her Counselors Sister E. J. Stanford and Sister Rose Canfield, to assist her, also Sister Mary A. Ellis Secretary, and Emily Newman Treasurer, they were unanimously sustained by the parents and children. After singing and prayer, the Conference adjourned for three months, all went home feeling well and happy. Josephixe West, Pres. Mary A. Ellis, Sec'y. Minutes of Conference of Y. L; M. I. A., of Bear Lake Stake,- held 'in St. Charles Aug. 29th, 1880, at 2, P. M. President Nancy Pug-mir- e presiding. Present of the Stake presidency James H. Hart, Bishop Hunt and presi- - j tm.i i t n CTa" and satisfaction it will bring. Counseler Annie Cook "spoke very earnestly in regard to the ladies home young industries, said patronizing this was one avenue open for action, that we had the, material within our reach for the manufacture of home made hats, and we had sisteri of experience among us who were willing to instruct us, so there was no reason to prevent our going into the business more extensively. Now that the season for gleaning was fast ing, she hoped the girls would do all they could to store away grain that would - otherwise be' wasted; knew the young ladies had been organized for the accomplishment of a great and good purpose; so let us labor diligently. President Lindsay felt to congratulate the young sisters in the progress they had made, felt confident Pugmire and Counselors had the spirit of their calling upon them ' by the advancement they had made, counseled the young not to give too much of their time and means to outward adornment, but rather use it to the building up of God's kingdom, upon which we would be reaping an interest throughout the countless ages of eternity. Continue to cultivate your minds for this is an age of prograssion, and much is expected at your hands. Singing by the Choir, f "In the City of our Lord." Benediction by Brother George Passey. Meeting adjourned for six months. L. M. relative to the organizations of the sisters in this Stake of Zion, will be thankfully received. The subjects we have laid before the sisters are the training and taking care of their children, the importance of establishing home industries, and keeping out of our settlements outside elements? Babylon and the making of our own "hats and storing of grain, sustaining the Priesthood, subscribing for ami reading the Exponent, so as to be posted in relation to the counsels of our sisters who are appointed to preside. Uod. has blessed us abundantly in this land; the hills and valleys wherever we go are covered with a mantle of green, and the fields with waving grain; the beasts of the field are made to rejoice, and the everlasting hills echo the praises of our God, because of tne blessings of the Holy Priesthood that have come upon the land. I must say before I lose that I am not only encouraged but delighted with the sisters whose acquaintance I have made in this Stake. Bro. Jesse N's family is worthy of imitation, also the families of Bro. Hunt and Bro, Hatch, whosedaughters have learned the Spanish language. We desire an interest in the prayers of the Saints. With Jove to yourself and council, I am as ever devoted to the interest Statistical and Financial reports of the Primary Associations of the Bear Lake Stake, from March 1st, 1880, Aug.' 28th, 1880. Statistical; officers, 53; members 622; total officers and members, 675; meetings held, 237; average attendance, 274. Financial: Receipts in cash, $1,80; property, 22,23; disbursments, to missionaries, property, $6,60; temple, $9,44;books,cash 1.05; amount on LETTER FROM HYRUM. that-Siste- r . z:&8&hf!. Ipsope5ty Julia r, Lindsay." rrcs. b&miI0 ; -- . -- : accredited Lus... President Nancy Pugmire, wished the young ladies to continue editing manuscript, papers in their Associations, as it unfolded" a wide field for thought, and by continued efforts in. that direction as a natural consequence their minds would expand, and they would become greater and wiser; elucidated with great force the many opportunities afforded us to acquire knowledge, compared th those ;whichj oUr parents had. Wished tne President tn tlPii mowna ttrA inflnpnrp. helping towards the,, erection of a high ovawiin rans,- - and thus' advance the educational interests. cF the. Stake. "Told the young ladies to be of their considerate;' parents, in declining years, and sometimes sacrifice their feeling-itheir 'favor, and ; then when reverts back what a ' soufoe of comfort iemory n sr . t of Zion. W. East. EXTRACTS FROM A LETTER. Mrs. E. R. Snow Smith: Dear Sister: Saturday, August 14, 1 started, in companv with Bishop Hunt and his daughter, who is President of the Young Ladies' Associations of this Stake and Stake Secretary for the Relief Society; she is a young lady of fine ability, speaks the Spanish language, and in Spanish; we sings several songs beautifully also had the company of Brother Thomas West, of this Superintendent of the Sunday Schools the Stake, and Brother Rogers, President ofsome traveled Young Men's Associations; we or- two hundred miles, holding meetings and meetings in connection with the brethren, in consequence of all having a desire to do so; there was a general tnrn out, and a creat deal of interest manifested, by the brethren and sisters. They felt well, and the out upon us to enSpirit of God was poured Weheld joint ' J . courage US; j camping of the had we pleasure tour On our and son ins out three nights; we enjoyed son Joseph sweet music from the voices of my their took who guitars and Miss Ida Hunt, where Saints the to "a' treat which was wetted. Jlisa Nannie Freeman, niece of the of well known Bishop Smoot, and Secretary commny. the Young Ladies, was one of the Quarterly We exet toxoid our first Snowflake on the 25th and 26th. of lumber, secrW fte; . will send-tomake" out reports and Mrs S. M. fembaU. :' ... tions are not yVorganized. think proper to give Any counsel you may the-Secretar- , Dear Sister Wells: The sisters here are all alive to their duties a3 a Relief Society and desire ta do thdr part in rolling on this mighty work in building temples, clothing the needy or anything required of them. According to counsel from our beloved Sister E. R. 8. Smith, we have made a small beginning in siJk culture. One of our faithful sisters J. NJelson has raised for ftft&g-'&OT-'at- Dfnlomfl. &tsnir fair, which. . rrKwJ fc , "9, :iTr..s i,v;. '? u to try again." We feel sure encouraged her that the climate is favorahie for raising suk. We look anxiously forward to the time when we xr.hih.shft - a. - TT- . shall be blest with a visit from some of bur beloved sisters from Bait Lake City, and receive some instructions and encouragement from them. We are pleased to read in Our Paper the different ideas of our sisters with regard to political rights and say God bless them for s o nobly defending the franchise. We feel to coincide with them. Why are we not organ teed in a Btake? What have we done that we should be - Snowflake, Arizona. 1880, when October 201880. '. rv,- . ; her-fashioh- Hart, Sec'y. . - .turn- - was "Arise my doui arise. called and minutes of. previous Conference read and approved. The Secretary then read the Statistical and Financial reports, showing an increase of members and funds since last Conference. Verbal reports were then called for by the President from the various associations, all of Tvhich gave unmistakable evidence that the young ladies" interests were in the ascendant, and although somewhat isolated, and deprived f - many advantages enjoyed in a more thickly populated district of country, they are wide awake to the necessity of using alL the means and opportunities to advance themselves in the scale ofmtelfigence; thereby fitting themselves for the grand future that awaits them. Counselor Alice Rich, urged upon the young ladies the necessity of devoting their leisure moments to the perusal of the Church ' works, 'iflu ofder to ; become familiar with the principles of our religion; so if called j upon to expound or defend its principles they could do sq understanding, and tliiL rove to thei world, taat we possess a greater amount of intelligence than has been oingmg 87 left out in the cold? Very Respectfully Your Sisters in the Gospel. C. Liljenquist, Pres. N. "N. Sec'y. Neiln, AMONG THE GRAVES. Who is there .that cannot sympatize with us when we talk of spending an hour among the graves? Who has not been called to follow some loved one to his last resting place? And indeed if, perchance, there should be any (few to their number) who havenot been called sithe to consign those near and dear to them lent recesses of the tomb, yet have they visited the house of affliction, to comfort the mourner, to pour the balm of sympathy and consolation into the sorrowing hearts of the bereaved ones, to weep with those that, weep, and wih wUling hands assist in performing the last rites for. the Then departed so sad, and yet so necessarvl' the follow we join the train of .mourners, and remains to their last resting place, and feel the heart pang thai all must experience when the first earth drops on tha, narrow abode of those and .we bo loved;' the, earth closes over them, see them no more. Perhaps we return a few few flowerp, or times, perchance to scatter a raise some monument' to the memory of the dead; Then "we stand among, the graves, and of ponder, and seek", to penetrate., the mystery around the toml), jmd of 'our being. Lying all , . , -- - 