THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. to dispense with the gallantry of the opposlte sex when they enter the lists with men. Then man will have to dispense with the attentions; and caresses of woman which make life so pleasant. If men cannot afford to be gallant to women who are their equals in intellect and education, then women will be careful not to . can do a Duperimenueni, or even a trustee, o 1 1 T E. . m -- ESQXEZJUrE B. Pnblished Editor. WEIXS, Bcrol-moatliIj,-- Salt Lake City, Utah. itt Terms: One copy one year, $2.00; one copy six months, Ten copies for the price of nmev ; Advertlelng rates; Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one lime, $2.00; per month, $3.00. A Hleral disconnt to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, tower West Room of the Council ' Basiness hours flouse, South Temple Stieet. from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday. Address all business communications to 1 .00. i v Publisher Womab'b Extoxkxt, Ealt Lake City, Utah. saltlake citYi Feb. i issa. AGITATION IS EDUCATIONAL. - ' - Ic was altogether unexpected to the ladles who petitioned the Legislature to pass some enactment this session which would remove the political d isabl li ties of women, and make agitation. They thought the subject was bet-tunderstood were not aware; bo many old i.rmi i ilium miiii liiiii iiih iit'iiiiiH in i him uni gregsive ago. But after all, it is educational Vi a nAAnta ava Kfivlnnlnn 4 r li I n lip unnn t Vl n woman question; it has &sumed another phase now. ;Home thought, no doubt, it was at a dead stand still; women could vote, and there .. 3f lb was iu aiwp luiover. xuv iu, uuu uouuiu; vntifrrro Is tint nnifn onniiirh; 1 ' o a j and After havlnir 1 1 1. t I il. a h ui lueui jjicco luai, mey uaiuiaiijr given want more. Not by sitting down tilently and waiting for it is one likely to get what is Wanted. ,ff t'A tiftf wnrth ftttblno fnr t fa Tiftt worth havinir." I know some ay. "You didn't petl- fsi0 4 i rx anffnina nrtrl ft nri l rrtxn Tinn ei 4 . - - . A - . 1 i L. 1 -- .. 4l-t- 1 n . n-- 1.-- 1 1 -- t- -i tt tIT-- ll if the women of Utah didn't ask for the lot, other women did; if they hadn't, the balsis- "The majority don't want it," is another ex- ters here might have waited long enough. Ah, we would like to be sure of that fact; but even if they do not, there are tome who do, and the others would, if they had become more enlightened upon the subject. Perhaps it would have been better to have cent in individual petitions, as the women are doing all over the States, here and there, beseeching Congress to prohibit the teveral States from disfranchisingUnitedState citizens on account of sex. However, it is quite possible this will createmore of anagitation than that ould,and those who have stepped forward in this matter have done so to promote good; and if there is need to stop and weigh the question, all right when people begin to study a theme in earnest they generally improve, and gradually light dawns upon them, and the mists disperse and shadows are dispelled. We bust it will be so. with this; it looms up darkly now, and seems a terrific, huge bugbear; but examine it carefully, it will not bs half so forbidding. Positively one would think, to hear some people talk, that the ranks of wives and moth-er- a cuse. were going to be deserted; that the homes - were going to ba desolated, and every pretty, dainty little creature would wartf an office, Instead of a home, r How rhJJculoushis alljs! Muujcuwuo uave opinions 01 lutir own are vio m tyuusei wiu ineir iiusoinaa in regard to the home anji the children. They carry their own burdens alone more easllv thn th innocent, unsophiatlcated, frivolous, who depend tolely upon some one else's Judgment all their life long. They tell us women will have thro w away their sweet attractions, and there Willi perhaps, be more fair pJay than there is ed nowadays, and it will not be such a r affair as it has been. After all, women are very generous creatures, and it U very likely hey would prefer nominating some man for office, rather than a same'Vould be very experimental; and really it is very strange that men should object to the dear creatures acting in. public offices with them. We never have heard of men objecting to women going out to wash, unless it was a Chinamen, who was afraid of 'losing his custom; usually, too, men are quite willing women should get their living by sewing, at starvation prices; these are legitimate spheres for women to occupy; and yejt, methinka many a woman has more mental ability than physical strength, and those who are so fond of quoting Scripture to prove man's authority over woman, seem to forget that the Lord said to man, and not to woman, by the sweat of his brow should he eat, &c. But women do work nevertheless, and "bring forth in sorrow" too, but are net permitted the opportunity of regulating their own wages in the least, flow often is it said by those who employ help, "we get women's help, because they work cheaper." Indeed! Do they do the work as well? O yes; only you know women can't command such ealaries a8 men can. Now we may not be very wise, but really it seems all this is wrong. It is the system of oppressing the weaker by those in power. And yet men will tell you they represen t women, and do them more ample justice than they would do each other. Then if women had influence they might be more generous to men. No doubt they would be. The very fact of being politically equal would have a most conciliatory and happifylng effect. i But to come back to Utah and the question as it stands here. We are told by some that to ask for more political freedom than the sisters now enjoy is aggressive; we answer, if it is aggressive it is also progressive; it indicates progression, and we are anxious to t?e women advance. A young Brahmin asked, "Why ii it that India has stood still for the last five hundred years, while all Europe and her colonies have made such wonderful progress, both in the arts and sciences?" The reply was, "Your women are children, even to old age; the women of the Occident are learning to keep step with the men in scientific pursuits " If such 13 the result of partial freedom to women, then when larger opportunities f:nd incentives ate given for culture, there will be a higher degree of attainment. Woman stands not. alone; whatever privilege is given her, man Is benefitted and ennobled by. If the mothers can teach the realization of the highest Ido. Is, then will the vantage ground of progress be gained. It must be through an enlightened motherhood that the world will become better. . Women must become more capable,' and the work will necessarily be more practical than theoretical; in fact, this is a practical age. How much, for Instance would the women of this Territory have learned about the ballot in ten ears, if j they had not had the practical experience? One has only to examine Into the educational advantages of the eexes, to see how untqaally rights and privileges are distributed. In this Territory no woman, however well qualified one-sid- "mit there are ladies here specially well qualified and adapted to these positions. Is there any goad or wholesome reason why the law f rm a m ot ri oi f aUUill i orrnii XX.a WO JK It. ciiuuivtfi uui nuicuuvu yf rt mi r av understand Bepublican government, its efsen tlal elements are opposed to all discrimination among citizens (anb! women who have the ballot are citizens), to feudalism ,orders of nobility, and privileged classes. But here there is dis crimination among citizens. Well, the question is now before the people, and it is bringing out their thoughts and feelings on the subject But the Latter-da'- y Saints should not be gov . TI 1 1 m T" . erned by reelings, bat by principle. We are very glad the subject has been broached, and perfectly willing to bear our share of the blame, the ridicule, or the sneers, for the sake ot the go-will do towards enlightening the peo d ple. HOME AFFAIRS. A few ladies have attended the Legislature as visitors now and then; would there were more. It is good to go and see how they make and amend the laws which govern women as well as men. Hear their arguments and th:m look at them from your own stand-poin77 .. "... , Be sure and read the speesh of Hon. C. W. Penrose, published in thii issua. The ladies are greatly indebted to Hon. C. W. Penrose and Hon. John Jacques,t wo Memters from SaltLake Co., who ably advocated the woman's bill before the Houae.Excuse it,but,as the Southerners tay, the woman question is calling out some "powerful wsaV arguments from its opponents. con-fcld- -jr -- t. . . . At a . slfeters Con ference of Morgan Co., an exprtsnin of the meeting was taken on what is termed the woman's bill, but there was only a minority vote; however, we have been reliably informed that all the most intelligent ladies voted for it, and the majority did not understand subject was too new. That sounds strange from women who hive besn voting ten itthe years. The Ladles' Leap Year Bali, held in Jen- nings Hall, Thursday evening, Jan. 22, was a most unique affair. Several of the ladies took a number of partners, and we are informed they did not neglect tbem, but paid them every attention, and there were no wallflowers among the company. This not only does the ladles credit, but shows they observe the Golden Bule, "Do unto others cs you would they should do unto you." At the meeting association, of the directors of th? silk at President Taylor's office, Thurs- day, Jan. 15, Mrs. Zina D, Young resigned her poiition as President of the former association, and Hon. Wm. Jennings was elected President, Miss E. It. Snow Vice President, Mr. A. M. Musser, Secretary, and Mr. P. A. Sc.hettler Treasurer. Speeches complimentary to those who had heretofore worked so earnett'y In this matter were made, and it was the te- e of the meeting that the industry be pushed f .afuc-ces3fu- l - issue. in The Relief Society Party and "Prirl.-i23. fhA Tr.Tfrh fiVPnlllC. Jan. Warrf nn .... , , W. V ' was really a very pleasant one Indeed. Speeches were made in the afternoon by Mrs. M. I. Re-unlo- Horner Pres. JohnTaylor, n Bishop Py pirand others; there were also songs and recitations. The little girls of the Primary Association, under the direction of Mrs. E. S. Clawi on, sang some choice selections very sweetly. 