III " ""' "" " ' ' ' " r" - - The Bights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 15, 1880. Vol. 9. For The Exponent: which was a source of information; and tended towards general improvement. This paper contains some of the first efforts in composition of many of our Young Sisters; some of whom are now honorable wives and happy mothers; who look back with pleasure to their associations with the first Improve-meu- t Association organized in St. George for Young Ladies. When we allow our thoughts to wander back to those days, how well we remember the nervous trepidation, the heart beating, the nervousness, the burning cheek, the fearfulness of each other we displayed, in making 6ur first efforts in speech makings or listening to the editress read our first essays: and, Oh dear! how we did feel when we ourselves had to rise on our feet, and read the paper, we had had the honor to superintend! how our limbs did tremble! how the perspiration did ooze from our heated temples! how something would rise up in our throats, that seemed determined to choke or make us dumb? and, when we did find utterance, how strange our voices sounded in our ears, and how thankful, yes, how very tfuinkful we were, when, "Our heavy t?k was o'er." Na doubt my hearers have all, to a greater or less extent, experienced these very feelings sometime in their early youth, and first appear ' ance before the public. Soon after our Stake was organized, our Association was divided into four branches. One in each w ard. And. still later a stake organization was effected with pur worthy sister, E. Snow Ivins, as President; Mary lx. VV niteneaa ADDRESSED TO G. K. ON OUR FIRST BAPTISMAL ANNIVERSARY. Hall! my Si6ter! ever dear, Hail! my Si6ter of a year! Through God's Spirit Sister mine, By ray spirit Sister thine! and God of us Father of the universe! Look upon the compact we Sealed by covenant with thee! Let thy blessing on it re6t, For its sake may we be blest! We desire to do thy wil!, Thro' good report and more thro' ill; God of love! Help us ever to obey . Thy righteous laws from day to day. Came we not from: worlds afar Where thou wert our guiding star? Came we not with willing mind, Forgetting all we left behind?. Came we not to do a work Which none but coward hearts willehiik? Came we not to build, and plant Land bestowed by God's own "grant." Came we not to plant the vine For the Sacramental wine? Came we not the seed to spread For the Sacramental bread? Came we not with joy to gain A new and everlasting name? Came we not to win our dead Through the blood of Christ our head? Came we not to gain a crown Wi'tWifyt Came we not ' that these associations have accomplished, wil be felt in society in years that are yet far in the to r ule and reigu O'er the subjects we might gain? future; when the young sisters shall have become mothers of worthy sons and daughters; whose influence will be felt in every land where the Gospel can be preached. And the youth, who go abroad to preach the Gospel, while referring with pride to their dear mothers at home, will be able to say, my mother always attended the Y. L. M. I. A., where she was taught to honor Came we not with willing hands To obey all thy commands? Came we not all this to do And a thousand others too? Father! we are ever thine Through the changing scenes of time! Keep us faithful unto thee, Such our souls desire to be! Bless us every step we take, Love us for thy mercy's sake; Keep us faithful to the end, Father! God! Redeemer, Friend! ji IlASiJH T. Kixo. Salt Lake City. AN ADDRESS. DELIVERED BY MRS. A. JL ROMNEY. St. George, July 24th, 1880. , Brethren and Sisters: It is with pride that I rise to speak in behalf of my young sisters oi the Y. L. M. I. A.,of St., George. Not because I feel able to and interestingly repreproperly sent them but because I love their Society; admire their interested labors in regard to the onward progress of these latter times, their virtues, and their Love of Truth. It is now some four years since our first was organized with Miss E. A. Snow,as Elida Snow, Hannah Fawcette, "presidentand M. Woodbury, Elizebeth Starr, Juie Ivins, argret Jarvis and Amelia Crosby, as Gounse-de-nt ter rtmissa Snow, Suprinten- : As-sociati- on This continued for about one year; attended with considerable sucess. called "The Young Pr high state of moral culGod, and attained ture. My Young Sisters, much has already been wide field for imacomplished, but there is provement before us. Improvement of ourselves: and 0! how useful we may be in susimtaining, aiding and encouraging others to prove. We should prize, virtue, as the.begrand more acme of our lives. Our honor should the wealth precious to us than fine jewels, or of the Indies. . We should always be the exponents of truth: both in precept and by our example. We should never be the slaves of fashion, especially slaves to the foolish fashions that come from "Old Babylon." No sisters, our faith, the faith for which our honored sisters and beloved mothers have suffered so much, Slaves to proclaims against this evil of the age. fashion! Let it be the object of our lives, to rise above the evils that are leading the children of men to perdition. That the voting ladies of the M. I. A, may rise above these things, and become examples in Israel, and shining lights to the world, standing side by1 side, with their fathers, brothers, husbands and sons, as exponent of the glorious effects of the true Gospel as determined upon a fallen generation: being honorable and to maintain all that is virtuous, Godlike in its nature, as was Leonidas and his band in defending their nation, And although our place is not the battle, field nor the pulpit, and was We edited Lady's Diadem," No. 6. our influence may be used gently, and for great good around the fireside. There we can instil true nriuciples into the mind of the prattling child,-anuse an influence informing the character of Zion's future greatness. In conclusion, we feel to congratulate all upon the return of this, another anniversary of our entrance into these peaceful vales; where peace prevails! Where the nucleus of a great people exists. And may our goodness increase,, as our land becomes more Jbicklyjnhabited, That joy, peace and good will;from man "and woman may flow from heart to heart, until a bond of brotherhood and sisterly feeling exists throughout this land which "Is choice above all other lands:" and woman enjoys her proper sphere, as the helpmeet of man. And men's good judgment will cause them to seek a wife, from the growing ranks of the, Y. L. M. I. As-- . sociation. AND NEyS. General Grant will visit Boston the last of September. lie is to be the guest of the Mid- dlesex Club. At the reception and banquet to be given in his honor, it is expected all the New England governors and other men of r&nk and influence will beassembled. George Bancroft will shortly complete his history of the United States. lie has been enyears. October 3d he gaged upon it fifty-fiv-e will have lived full four score years, and it is said is "hale and handsome, fond of society, The movement for tW higher, education of women at Oxford University has been so successful that it is necessary to enlarge Somer-vill- e Hall. A meeting conducted by Lord Aberdare has just been held in London, for the purpose of providing for the enlargement. Ex. A letter mailed fifty years ago was found, while some repairs were being made in the Paris Post Office, in one of the panels of the wood-worwhere it had stuck instead of ping into the box. Upon investigating it was ascertained the writer had long since died, but the person to whom it was addressed was still alive, and the letter was forwarded to its k, desti-nation.-'-- ir. TnE ancients had queer ideas about mourning for the dead. The Egyptian women ran through the streets crying, with their "bosoms exposed and their hair disordered. The regarded mourning as unmanly, and they compelled men who went into mourning to put on female garments. In Greece, when a popular general died, the whole army cut off their hair and the manes of their horses. At the present day the Arabian women stain their fcands and feet with indigo, which they suffer to remain eight days. They also carefully abstain from milk during this time, on the ground that its white color docs not accord with the gloom of their minds. In China, the mournfor a parent or ing color is white. Mourning husband is required there by a law, under a penalty of sixty blows and a year's banishment. When the Emperor dies, all his subjects let their hair grow for a hundred days. In the of mourning, .Fiji' Islands, on the tenth day the women scourge all the men except the Ly-cia- . highest. Ex " V :f ns 