28 THE . a poor prospect the average women has to look forward to, at the age of forty, if she be a widow without the There is a' subject of vital importance to of Utah it is 'the educating of our mothers . - J. 11 T ..ftTTT i uu mirj nVlllrlrPTl T.rt unereHiian x nr1 children. school?" Is a question that vexes many a mother's brain, and with good reason; for often to the sorrow of parents it is discovered too kte that the jewels given us from God, whose purity we have so carefully guarded at home, have become sullied by the pernicious influences of bad associates found in the schoolroom. Can this be overcome? Yes: By what means? By having our every action guided by the Spirit oflGod. The mother needs it at caul home, every day, every hour; her influence which $e teachings are the foundation upon teacher must build. Next to her influence comes that of file teacher., it both are guided by divine inspi ration, we may expect but one result the rearsucing of children who are prepared to labor corcessfully in Christ's kingdom; being taught themrect principles, they are able to govern t- the best, Pa; Uncle Brigham or Uncle, Joseph; I would never give but one answer, "Llove you all at dhce." Brothers Brigham m& Joseph have often reminded me of my "first lore." If I had a leaning towards one more than another it was Uncle Joseph, as he was without any family, and I was the first to expect and to receive his sugar plums and kisses. The following interesting items are from my father's history: "The family of John Young, Sen., consisted of five sons, five daughters, and John P. Green and Joel Sand-fortwo moved into Mendon about two or three years previous to hearing of Mormonism. They belonged to the Reformed Methodists. They were in lowly circumstances, and seemed to be an afflicted people, in consequence of having a great deal of sickness and sorrow to pay through, and of course were looked down upon by the flourishing church where we lived. To them my heart was united, because a principle had existed in my heart from my earliest childhood to plead the cause of suffering innocence to go on the side of the oppressed at all times. I have many times turned aside from the company of those who were highly esteemed in the world, and sought the society of the poor and humble, even those who loved the ways of the Lord bettw than the praise of tie world. These families had the same principles in their breasts which I had in mine, for truth was what we wanted." The following paragraph is from my father's journal: "On the night of September 22d, 1827, while living in the town of Mendon, after I had retired to bed, John P. Green, who was then a traveling Reformed Methodist preacher, living within one hundred steps of my house, came and waked me up, calling upon me to come out and behold the scenery in the heavens. I woke Tup and called my wife and Sister Fanny Young GROWING OLD. BRIGHAM YOUNG ACADEMY. ; -- I have been thinking what property. v " has raised a family of small children soon to be married and leave her, or if she be childless, the lookout is about the same. Her seems done, when it ought to be real cannot fold only changed. The active matron her hands, so she looks about for something to take up her time. What shall it be? Charity? General meddlesomeness? Shall she become a burden on step children? to Happy the woman who has the foresightshe see that through forty years of experience has matured the ability to commence a grand, useful second halt ot her lite: iet ner stuay a profession or adopt a trade, ihe physician or Iflwver. with trrav hairs, has twice the practice he did during his probation of maturing experience and judgment. It is the worry over the future that so wrinkles and ages women, they seem helpless, and, woret of all, not desired after a certain age. Every one should live young in ambition and work, no matter how many years they have seen roll by; each year should count a garnered store to make rich the coming one. The first forty years of a woman's life are generally laid on the altar of love, and no pay taken in return. (I am not talking of the weathy class.) The law gives a wife the poorest clmnoe of any in life housework without pecuniary pay And when this situation is no longer open, she looks about, scared, for a place to earn her living. How many such have I seen: and I always advise them to acquire a trade, or a profession, or gt u teachings they make the best of teachers and are much to be If she life-wo- : selves. But a reformation must take place inthe schoolroom, as in many other places among Saints. It will be met as all the Latter-da- y things and all persons are who take upon them the mantle ' of Christ. If they follow his example they must look for like experiences. On the earth a conotmt struggle, in heaven eternal joy. This reformation has commenced, mr water. .Where? some may ask. In the noble monument of love and wisdom .left to bless God's people the Brigham Young Acadcmv. This institution, was founded by President Brigham Younct in 1876., He endowed It with Wild ing for school purposes, .and had made provision for, its support from other, "sources, but, m the wise providences of the Lord, these endow- -' ments were not consummated by him, so that the school has but the building it can call its own, and is supported by tuition fees alone; which is something unparalleled in ihe history of such an institution. But all is right, for, God will toke care of that which, is established to carry on his work. Let me consider all the readers of this priceless little paper as one person. Together we will visit, examine and learn of the real workings' of this school. The bell rings a hearty peal at half past eight; the streets are alive wnn:scnoiars, irom the little ones six years old up to young men and maidens in their teens and twenties. How happy, intelligent and orderly they are (over four hundred pupils have attended this year). One and all ascend the stairs. All is subdued and quiet. A few word of general instruction for the day from our beloved prin-- 1 cipal, and the choir smgs a hymn or anthem; the bell taps, and all rise to their feet, when one of. the young students ig called upon to pray; an earnest and heartfelt appeal to .'Him who rules on hih," for guidance throughthe day,; and the scholars are dismissed to their sev eral departments lor theological exercises, which consist of three, grades, the Primary,' Intermediate and Advanced. ' We will follow the Primary and see how' the little ones enjoy of the holy" Gospel." "Now all is quiet. Brother Tanner (a student of the B. Y. Academy; nvho is now the teacher of the Academic Department) .tells some incident .life of our Savior, or one of the parables, m simple and effective language, drawing a' map of the Holy Land "on the board,, to illus-- , trate'his subject. The little ones are asked to volunteer to tell the story over in their own simple way.- Ah! what luippiness to see how eager, how delighteplthey are with all the beautiful trntiaught in such way thaj even the ? mallest can understand. -- , , , rk sons-in-la- I would not advise any woman . to leave unfinished family work; but when that is completed there is other grand work for her, if she has the courage to overcome objections. wth'tisr"wo-TveBt--'M- Beth. Woman's Journal. LIFE INCIDENTS. BY HTI.EN MAR WHITNEY. : . . the-principle- in-th- , : . To b Gontin ved. t the most beautiful starlight nights, so clear that we could see to pick up a pin. We looked to the eastern horizon and beheld a white smoke arise towards the heavens; as it ascended it formed itself into a belt, and made a noise like the rushing of a mighty wind, and continued southwest, forming a regular bow dipping in the western horizon. A$er the bow had formed, it began to widen put and grow clear and transparent of a bluish cast; it grew wide enough to contain twelve men abreast. - In this bow an arm v moved, commencing from the east and marching to the west; they continued horimarching until. they reached the western zon. They moved in platoons, and walked so close the rear ranks trod in the steps of their file leaders, until the whole bow was literally crowded with soldiers. We could distinctly see the muskets, bayonets and knapsacks of the men, who wore caps and feathers like those used by the American soldiers in the last war with Britain; also saw their officers with their swords and equipage, and heard the clashing and jingling of their instruments of war, and could discover the form and features of the men. The most profound order existed throughout the entire army; when the foremost man I stepped; every man stepped at the same time; rank could hear the steps. When the front reached the western horizon a battle ensued, as arms we could distinctly hear the report e and; the. rush. No man could judge of my as feelings when I beheld that army of men,the in plainly as I ever saw armies of men fleshi it seemed as though every hair of my head was alive. This scenery we gazed upon for hours, until it began to disappear. After l became acquainted with Mormonism I learned that this took place the same evening that JoBoo seph Smith received the records of the had of Mormon from, the angel Moroni; who otna held those records in his possession. Rhoda wife Greene's Young, Sen., and John P. , i : d -- preferred- - to-- San Francisco, Cal. w; The last sketch from my father's history having taken me back to the earlier scenes of my childhood, I cannot resist the inclination of going still farther back. The names of some of those mentioned hy him are very nearly connected with my earliest and fondest recollections, not onlv. in Kirtland, Ohio, but in Men-doin the State of New York, where I was born. Brother John Moreton arid family were our nearest neighbors in Mendori; also Ira Bond's and one or two other families who stopped in Kirtland. They received the Gospel and moved up there nearly at the same time we did. They seemed so near to us that my parents grieved over their apostacy. Brother Brigham Young, with his wife and two little girls, lived with us in Mendon; Mrs. Young died in a few months after they came there, and my mother took care of his children from that time until after we moved to Kirtland, Ohio. We were . like one ' family for years, and I had supposed Brigham and Joseph 1 oung to be my uncles until years after. I loved them and their sister Fanny, who was afterwards married to my Grandfather Murray, more dearly than I did most of own relamy tives, for we left them all when we went to Kirtland. Aunt Fanny Young was living with my parents when I was porn, and took care of me, and she was always ready to defend'me if ' necessary. Undo Joseph was unniamed, and always stopped with us when iu Mendon. I wag frequently asked the question m hirh T loved n, 1 ; of-th- . . . 