Tha JRights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 1, 1880. 9. FAITH AND WORKS. hearing the Word of (roil. "Faith conieth Doc- trine and Covenants. Still we'll pray for Faith to serve llim though opposing hosts say nay-F- aith to brave the world's opinion till th glory and dominion And the grcatiu-sof -- the Kingdom" h:i!I lx gison the Saints for aye. the wilds, so long awaken 'Tis the meed of Faith too. Faith hath wrought this of the nation; Yea, through Faith "God can wonders do. forsakon, into life and Uoom nn.shaken, the reward of lalor exultation, for the " outcasts' July favors Zion "Faith and Works WOMAN. "delusion," souls are thrilled with Faith's infusion, the spirit, as the life blood cheers the ELIZA It. SNOW SMITH. nt Faith reanimates heart; 'tis that we obtain it, needful 'tis that we retain it- -Though we never can explain it, Faith doth power and peace impart. Faith's the fruit of revelation, Faith's theauchor of Needful salvation; Faith obtains from God a knowledge of the cheers the soul; Faith'b the true appreciation of .,.....'.. '.' truth that .V"";'' force of Truth within ns, rOwwlhc. us wtole. ' FaitFs the es power-thatmak- Tm J this Faith it is no wonder, men have e'en heen torn asunder, Men have "cru'lly lx?cn tormented," scorning to accept reprieve, Knowing (though by fiends surrounded) that in truth their faith was founded Soorn'a they to deny for freedom what they could not but believe; For By the ladder of affliction sword, and fire, and cruci- fixion Faith, by deaths most tortuous, noblest souls have upward soar'd ' Passed these martys up to glory, leaving us their deathless story, While they cry, How long, Thou just One, ere Thy vengeance is outpour'd? Of eternal condemnation there's a fearful reservation For the murderers of these just ones, of these brave, illustrious dead! Head we from the sacred pages, how that from remotest For their ages,- - From the death of "righteous Abel," many for their faith have bled. within this generation, by a free and fa vor'd nation, Prophets have for faith been iuurder'd, men have sorely S;j, been opprest; . For their Faith through much privation "sought they ' out a habitation," Even in a distant desertIn the wild, uncultured west'. majestic mountains, loi they drank from freedom's fountains; Blest with liberty, they labor'd, 'reft of much thai men desire; Faith, by willing hand assisted, very obstacle resisted. Faith hi God and in the future, still these exiles' hearts ;" , inspire. n u J: .7,.(j, Faith shall make the Samt "rictorioua, Faith stall moke ' : them 'great od Himself will watch keep o'er us, righteous laws ; M we'Uitillbbey. .; y Men may torxk their own deductiona. God's we btn6r why Sheltered by! and-loriou- instructions, B aJ w ' , "ini tb ahilitv: these with almost perfect self-control, great decision of character and a resoa leader. J lute will make her and she often is one of her strong points says "Justice before mercy." In any age or in any country she must have been a superior woman, but with the peculiar lifted far experiences of Mormonism, she is above anything she could possibly have attained in the world. One of the most powerful attributes of her nature is a sublime reverence for the Deity, and all that pertains .to religion and an exalted life. This combined with her other qualifications for leadership peculiarly fit her for the high and holy callings of. Priestess and Mother in Israel in the new and last diselected by pensation. Not only has she been the people and ordained and set apart;. t5 exover the pound the Scriptures and preside inters1 in their various organisations, by the Servant of God,who holds the office of Prophet, Seer and Revelator, to the Church ofClirist here upon the earth, but she has beenbaptized as by fire and sanctified through suffering of character. These try-i- n 'the keened ordeali have lifted her into the atmosphere of a higher life, and consecrated and, endowed her for 'her ministerial' work in the broadest fields of labor, the hearts and homes of the PYAplTpnt. pre-eminent- ahd-severe- us-ti- ce ly . - does constantly bringing this heroic woman as it out beforethc publw,isunaihpaniedby daily .sacrifice: Mfin - c patriotic Through writing poem at the time of the struggle between Greece and Turkey she created quite a sensation. It was entitled "The Fall of Missilong-hi;- " and after the death of those famous statesmen Adams and Jefferson, which occurred on the same day, she was requested through the Shortly after she press to write their requiem. , received for a ptip. eight volumes, of Snow's Toenw Misa Book. Godey's Lady's and inspirational have ever been of a prophetic the spirit of of and after partaking character, before than the true Gospel she became more richly endowed with the gift of poesy, inspiration and prophecy, and her hymns and songs have been such a feature of beauty in the Church, that from an early period in its history she has borne the title of "Poetess of Zion." We shall not attempt to give even in brief a synopsis of the lady's writingsufice it to say she1 has immortalized her name, and crowned with" wreaths, of honor, she might justly say with the immortal Bvroh in his famous prayer "I've lived the laurel Wreath to gain." Her encourpoems have given comfort to the weary, whose burdens agement td the weak and those were heavy and whose trials were grievous; and hearts they have strengthened the hands of pioneer men arid women while enduring severe .hardships. They have stimulated the, Historiyoung to, ti6bler and higher purposes. cally ihey have been of the greatest importance. Through them the names of many of the actors, in the drama of Mormonism, will be haided ?d6ira tr1rity,;:";There has scarcely' been' ahJ event in' the history of. the Churcn wnicn nas noi wxu liuuuunj' ftA'irna to iisft her JtfrX ;i rh ; . soim VVVV- frm,.-publi- ' ; atiracuvus, tihf KMxr.4kJf M nltrl; l)uPmXKiestlf sliriajting a notice. be no-em- st mk not gentle friends that this, exclusive devotion to the interests' of the kingdom of God, to straw-braidin- jmA-uum- Chrift's love and media- - -- 21, 1880. This eminent and highly cultured lady is perhaps more widely known,here and abroad, than any women in the Church of Latter-da- y Saints. She occupies the highest' position among the sisters, and may with all propriety be designated, "The Elect Lady," Sister Eliza is a woman of the strongest mental powers; of sterling and unflinching integrity, and is val-aifor the cause of truth and liberty. In fact no better type can be given of historically famous Pilgrim mothers, than the remarkable - woman whose life and works form the subject of this sketch. She possesses in a high degree the same striking energy of character, tenacity of ia purpose. and perseverance. .diaWnHie as in heroic ioremotners 01 New England, from whom she is descended. Induswith try and economy have gone hand inbehand termed a her through life. She may iustlv a is to moment, ever punctual disciplinarian; anu reuiarK- - , has order very largeiy ueveiopett . I have said so much of Sifter Eliza not for those who know her intimately, but who hear of her as a representative-womaand know little of her real self and her individual life. Eliza Roxie Snow was born in Beeket.Berk-shir- e Co. Mass. Her parents were Oliver Snow of Mass., and Kosetta Ijebnora Pettibone of Conn. They were of English descent their forefathers emigrating to America at a very early period. In 180G Mr. Snow moved with his family to Ohio, and settled in Mantua Portage Co. Being a man of sound judgment and good ability as well as education he filled several offices of emolument and trust in the gift of the people, his daughter Eliza at quite an early age officiating as his secretary. Mrs. Snow like a wise and judicious mother del mined her daughters should b& ieructed in everything pertain!"- to domestic lite and & consequently Eliza though naturally duties, gffte'd child and inclined to literary pursuits was early initiated in all the routine and smallest details of housekeepings well as plain' and ornamental needle work of whiVb k1p tUl jra-rviaie bpecimens.. She also learned g and awurloJ two prizes at manufacture of the the the County Fair for best leghorn. Through this sort of training she became practically self helpful. While quite for the young Miss Snow commenced writing press, and contrary to most young writers, hersevpoems were well received. She wrote for PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS this Faith! Clan word express it? Can the jeers of foes suppress it? . far above to 'Tis superior reproach and scorn; language, 'Tis indeed the blest assurance, that for patient, brief endurance, We shall reap the full fruition of the hopes within us born. tiouv,. elevate. Emily Him. Woodman S. L. Cit y, Ah, 'Tis in vain men cry minister to humanity in every condition of life where woman can comfort, bless, sustain and s yec' No. 5. w ,":.,-:-vTi.r.,- uw: she will not saner, inem u her sacred and ' Hoi V mission.' to . 1 