W 0 M A N'S E X P ONEN T . writer now very generally known to the people of this Territory. These little books contain many precious truths, and speak feelingly to the human heart. Price 50 cents. We have also Mrs. Emily B. Spencer's poems, at the same price, and although she is not so well known to the public as Mrs. King, yet her name has appeared quite often as a contributor in the co- Atmce away: and it is really wonderful all the materials most needed that right there are of temples,' Just as if all had in the erection beforehand by the great Master-Builde- r. been arranged A great deal of labor has been done, to be accomplished, to and much more remains deserve great finish the temple; but the people credit for their liberality and perseverance in Manti the sisters had decorated jrood works. At flowers the meetinghouse very tastefully with rt and evergreens. Around the pillars which sup-po- lumns of the Exponent! The children of the Primary Association of South Cottonwood have made a very neat pret, of straw gathered from the fields, ty and a few bright bits of woolen pieces, and have sent it to this office as a token of their esteem for the Exponent. We thank them most sincerely for this specimen of their industry and trust their ingenuity and ability may always be properly directed, and that the time may come when they may make such beautiful things,that they will be sought after by the nations of the earth, according to the prophecies of the ancients concerning Zion and her people. We have on hand and for sale some hundreds of copies of the two poems by O. F. Whitney, entitled, "The Women of the Everlasting Covenant" and "The Land of Shinehah." Every sister at least should have a copy of them, as the first is especially dedicated to them, and the second one, "The Land of Shinelm!!," is the history of the rise and fall of Kirtland, the first gathering place of the Saints in this dispensation. Price, 15 cents per copy- - They will be sent by mail to any part of the country if required. Our readers havenoticed no doubt the publication of a Primary Hymn nooK for the children; this book is now ready for distribution .They are for sale at this office and at the Deseret News office. Two copies for 25 cents, four for 50 cents, eight for.. $1, und.a copy should be the building flowers and vines were gracefwas the one ully twined, and above the stand word "Welcome," in large letters composed of flowers and green vines. From Manti the route air-cast- le to Mayfield, passing Pettyville on the way. At Mayfield Sister Eliza organized the children in a Primary Association, and seventy-nin- e members were enrolled. Two meetings were held there, and leaving Mayfield Sister Hyde was was obliged to return to Mt. Pleasant to attend the Quarterly Conference. This wa a source of the best of friends, you know, must sometimes part. Gunnison was the next point to make, and we arrived just about sundown at There two meetings were Bishop Madsen's. also held, one of them with the children. The sisters have so far completed the Relief Society building that one large room has been used for meetings for the settlement during the past winter. The benches are very good ones, and cost the sisters quite a little sum. The Relief Society there have a store which brings some mean? into the Society treasury, but it is not as well patronized as it should be. They certainly have been exceedingly industrious and energetic to do what they have, and the brethren have been very liberal in donating both means and regret, but labor. From Gunnison the route was to Fayette, a ,.5snaU town .which lies, towards Juab, a little out of me line of travel, and consequently is seldom-visite- d by people from the city. Here on the one 13th, meeting was held. Thegood folks of . nave a ny mu. lkjuiv ut inch vtu has done all her work for nothing, and she has been careful in selecting mid arranging the hymns. Having given her time and labor, there is barely the paper, the printing and the binding to pay for, and no one is enriched by the thousand profits except the purchaser. Seven so that copies are ready and the work sterotyped more can be furnished when ever they are greatly pleased to see the sisters, and provided teams to go on to Levan, a distance of twenty-si- x miles over a very rough, dusty road. The other chapter of travel may be told in the next number of the Exponent. Fayette seemed HOME AFFAIRS. ; A full Statistical Improvement Associations from their first organization up to Oct. 1, 1880, is specially requested from each of the Stake Secretaries throughout all the Stakes or Zion, of President the by the central organization of V.. L. M. I. A. Sister Elmina S. Taylor. Direct the, reports to the Secretary, Louie Wells, care of Woman's Ex: . We have here Eliza R. Snow's Second Volume of Poems, for sale, and the Correspondence of the Palestine Tourists,- each of them in cloth Responsibility, as well as those Of wife and mother, she has nobly filled." She had an active and vigorous mind and was most desirous of being useful in assisting to promote all good works. She was ever ready to administer to the poor and needy around her, and many secret acts of kindness. and charity were performed by her unostentatiously while she sojourned among the Saints. She will be sincerely mourned by a circle of friends and relatives. boJ Aere aid in Massa: chusetts, as w" where she had resided for the years previous to her death, Atchison paatJtJ Kansas. Farewell, dear one, till we meet again in that better land, "where there is no more sorrow or E. B. W. parting for evermore." 1 OBITUARY. Departed this life, at 11 P. M. July 17, 1880. Sabina A. Dollinger Olaphant, beloved wife of Charles H. Oliphant. Sister Qiiphant was bom rimm& WiGwiLin(18aL SltaJeft idl her rela tions and a good home, and gather l with th Saints in 1802. With the exception of her cous-i-n, Mrs. A. C. Pyper, the is tlie only one of her , family in the Church. In 1802 she became the , wjfe of Brother C. H. Oliphant, was the mother ; of one child who died in infancy. For some years she was a member of the Tabernacle Choir, and also of the Theatre Choir in Salt Lake City The last ten years she has been a resident of ,; Kanab in which place she has made hersojf very useful. She was Secretary to the Stake gun- day School, assistant secretary, to the Stak Relief Societies. She was also a Sunday School Teacher, a member of the Ward Choir and the Dramatic Association. Her great love for, and knowledge of music,made her a competent teach- er, and the people of Kanab are much indebted to her for tuir present advancement in the' ' knowledge of music. Many years previous to her death, she suflered j from a very severe form of neuralgia, hut her 'i ambition was so great that she led a very "active life. For two months before her death; her - v disease took me miiu ui uiu for flv day Hcr Although apparently dying . Our sister i very last hours were very peai-efulmuch missed in Kanab. Her brilliant' wit and. manner made her a very pleasant as- which no words can With feelings loss express, we are called upon to mourn the here on earth of a beloved friend and relative, the daughter of our eldest sister, a very beautiful and interesting young woman. Mrs. Carrie Granger Snyder, died in Atchison, 25, Kansas, of diphtheria, Sunday evening, July 27 years, 4 months and 3 days. Her 1880, as about two sufferings were most intense, for threshold weeks, and she lay for days at the very of death before passing away. Her patience, fortitude and resignation' were most remarkable, still she was anxious to live, and she had everyher to life. A loving and tender thing to bind t na n ra f t(ti llv v ftttftp.h- husbanu ju wnom buc u"v one a mere babe, and ed, two precious little boys, she was a. most devoted mother; a widowed seen almostall her family "pass IUVU1U wwhad " over beyond to the other shore," all these were. , one so young auuuW-tionat- e, powerful incentives for but notwithstanding her. anxiety to live willed It for usefulness and those she Joved, God best .. otherwise, &udJlekywiff8 : - and leather bindings. U of the Price,' in cloth, of volume poems, $1.25; in leather,$K50. "Correspondence of the Palestine Tourists," in cloth, $2.00; in leather, $2.50. These books should be in all the libraries of the Y. L. M. I. A. They contain much ' valuable historical information hich should be in the possession of the young : ; -- , . sparkling sociate. tr. Tk'fa4 to part with thosc'we dearly Iotc, ,' ijut parting copies to all," vria , mfi9 to all. and those who have wrie krtow how to pity otheri and truly lt '. ' w ii-- s ELIZABETH! LITTLE.. full Statisti Wanted.-- A Societies from' cal and Financial Report' of Relief Also a iaf ifl7fi in 1R80. fmm Anril 1st. 1S80, to October 1st, ISSO. of the Stake are specially requested from each Stakes .of Z ion. fcjecretaries throughout all the Forward to the Secretary of the First pwWtog,-Board.Sarah M. Kimball, Salt Lake City. Stake Befokts Serai-Annu- al if.f :' People, children of the Latter-da- y Saints. We also Wp for sale at this offlco "Bongs of earf by Hannah T, King, a poetic ,,1-..- . t s 'Other positions of of-sorro- and Financial Report of Young Ladies Mutual ponent. and-afterward- IN MEMORIAM. ber. Stake Reports Wanted. sympathize; but time is the only great heale of wounds, ave One to whom all may go and lay their burden down, and He will give them sweet and holy consolation. Carrie Granger, the subject of this memoir, was born in Hard wick, Mass., March 22nd, 1853. Her parents were Henry H. and Lucy M. Granger. Her father was a captain in the Union army, and was killed in battle in the late war. She was carefulheducated with a view to teach.' Miss Granger came to Salt Lake City in 1873, and was employed as a teacher here in Miss Cook's School in the Social Hall for a time, six mouths in the district school in the Ninth Ward of tin's city. She was greatly, beloved by her pupils, in whom she took the deepest interest. needed. We must apologize to the patrons and readers of our little paper for not continuing the "Pen Sketch of an Illustrious Woman," in this num- Having been away from the city and con stantly occupied it was not convenient to pre- pare the manuscript. 46 I ' 