WOM AN'S EX PON EN 66 LIFE INCIDENTS. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. "On Tuesday, the 3d, several of us went with Joseph Smith, Jim., to the top of a mound oh the bank of the Illinois River, which was several hundred feet above the river, and from the summit we had a oleasant view of the y e coma. overlook tne surrounding country. the trees and the meadow or prairie on tops of r eacn siue me river as iar as our eyes couia extend, which was one of the most pleasant scenes I ever beheld. On the top of the mound there was the appearance of three altars, which had been built of stone, one above another, according to the ancient order; and the ground was strewn over with human bones. This caused in us very peculiar feelings, to see the bones of our scattered in this manner, who had been slain in ages past. We felt prompted to dig down into the mound, and sending for a shovel and hoe, we proceeded to move away the earth. At about one foot in depth we discovered the skeleton of a man, almost entire; and between two of his ribs we found an Indian arrow, which had evidently been the cause of his death. The same day we pursued our journey. "While on our way we telt anxious to know who the person was who hud . hew killed by that arrow. It was made known to Joseph he Deen an officer who fell in battle in the last destruction among the Lamanitcs, and his name was Zelph. This caused us to rejoice much to think Jf-.felloAy-creatur- es tht liiorK ..,, 0rl vwu- ntto - . l ou; miUUlUl Ul U3 1 !,U S11UW UlCSe things to his servant. Brother Joseph had inquired of the Lord and it was made known in a vision. While we were refreshing ourselves and teams, about the middle of the day, .Dretner osepn got up in a wagon and said he j 'brethreirin-tre- T. let him know that I am his master." At this moment Sylvester Smith, who had just returned from where he had turned out his horses to feed, came up, and hearing Brother Joseph make those remarks, said: "If that dog bites me I'll kill him." Joseph turned to Sylvester and said, "If you kill that dog I'll whip you;" and then went on to show the- brethren how. wicked and unchristianlike such conduct appeared before the eyes of truth and justice.. "On Friday,' the 6th, we resumed ,our journey. On Saturday night we camped among our brethren at Salt River, and prepared for Here we were joined by the Sabbath. Hyrum Smith and Lyman Wight, with another company. The camp now numbered two hundred and five men, all armed and equipped as the law directs. Jt was delightful to see the company, for they were all young men, with one or two exceptions, and in good spirits. We were now reorganized in the. following order: Josepji was acknowledged Commander in Chief; Lyman Wight was chosen General of the camp; then Brother Joseph chose twenty men for his life guard, I being one of the number; Brother George A. Smith was Joseph's armor bearer; Hyrum Smith was chosen Captain of the life guard; the remainder of the camp was organized into companies as before stated. We had twenty-fiv- e wagons, two horses One in each, and some three. day while we remained here our General marched us out on a large prairie; he then proceeded to inspect uv famine our firelocks, &c. Afterwards we were marched in platoons, and an object being placed, we discharged our pieces, in order to try them; we were drilled about half a day and then returned to the camp; "My first attempt at washing my clothes took place at Bait . lly ttkLrtsL being exthem into I a kettle of water tremely dirty, put li wo hours havinc ad;boiledw thsm women-- wKd washed Wileff the and I supposed by so doing they boiled clothes, out the dirt; I then took them and washed them, endeavoring to imitate a woman washing as near as I could; I rubbed the clothes with my knuckles instead of 'the palm of my hand, and rubbed the skin all off my knuckles, so that my hands were very sore for several days. My attempts were vain in trying to get the dirt out of my clothes. I wondered at this considerably; I scolded and fretted because I could not get the dirt out, and I gave it up, and wrung and hun them out to dry, Hav- ing no fiat irons to iron them, I took them to Sisters Holbrook and Ripley to get them ironed; when they saw them they said I had not washed my clothes. I told them I had done my best; althongb I had boiled them two hours before, washing, and had washed them so faithfully I had taken the skin off my knuckles, still I had not been successful in getting the dirt out. They laughed heartily, and informed me that by boiling them before washing I had boiled the dirt into them. "On the loth we again resumed our march. Many of the inhabitants went with us several miles; they seemed to have much respect for us. We traveled about fourteen miles and camped on a large prairie. "On Wednesday, the 18th, at night we camped one mile from the town of Richmond, Ray County. On the 19th we arose as soon as it was light and passed through the town before the inhabitants were up. As Luke Johnson and others were passing through, before the teams came along, Brother Luke observed a black woman in a gentlemen's garden near the road. She beckoned to him and said, "Come here, massa," she was evidently much agitated m her feelings. He went to the fence and up she said to him: "There is a company of men lying in wait here, who are calculating to kill you this morning as you pass through." This was nothing new to us, as we had been contin- - ually threatened through the whole journeyed death and destruction seemed to await us daily This day we only traveled about fifteen miles-onwagon broke dowTn, and the wheels run off from others, and there seemed to be many things to hinder our. progress, although we strove with all diligence to speed our way forward. Our intentions were, when we started to Clay Couhtv that dav: to go" hut nil w w through JJ e . - , exhorted them to faithfulness and humility, and said the Lord had told him that there would a scourge come upon the camp, in consequence of the fractious and unruly spirits that appeared among them, and they would die like nhoop with the rot. Still, if they would repent and humble themselves before the Lord, the scourge in a great measure might be turned away; as the Lord lives, this eamp will suffer for giving way to their unruly tempers" which afterwards did take place to the sorrow of the brethren. The same day, when we had got within one mile of thft rivpr fim-beautiful little town called Atlas. Here we found honey, for the first time on our journey, that we could buy. There was a great excitement in the country through which we had passed, and also ahead of us; the mob threatened to stop us, guns were fired in almost all directions through the, night; Brother Joseph did not sleep much, if any, but was through the camp pretty much 'during the night. We pursued our journey on the 4th, and camped on the bank of the Mississippi River. Here we were somewhat afilicted, and the enemy threatened much that we should not cross over the river out of Illinois into Missouri. When we had all got over, we about one mile from the little town of earned Lousiana, in a beautiful oak grove, immediately on the bank of the river. At this place there were some feelings of hostility again manifested by Sylvester Smith, in consequence of a dog growling at him while he was marching his company up to the camp, he being the last that came over the river. The next morning Brother Joseph said that he would descend to the spirit that was manifested by some of the brethren, to let them see the folly of their rose up and commenced by saying: "If any man insults me or abuses me, 1 will stand m my own defence at the of my hfe; and if a dog growl at expense me, f will gsod advieey-h- e h-r--1 Ili-rer- o je.hstjr . ; . - fbr-abou- h w m in vain. a "This night we camped on an elevated piece of land between two branches of. the Fishing River. Just as we halted; and were making preparations for the; Xlnigh five men rode into the camp and told us ,wei should see. .before such horrible and oaths as came from morning, If rid a. 4rAA oil tli '11 a I 1u(nia rflfoi" 1ioji1 illicit uuutbt .i.41Gjr bUiU 119 ij j men vwereuvw&u that sixty coming from Richmond who had sworn to destroy us; also seventy more were eoming from Clay County, to. assist in our destruction. These, men were black with passion and armed with uns, and . the whole country was in a rage, against us, and nothing but the power of God could - save us. All this time the weather was fine and pleasant Soon after these men . left us we discovered a small black cloud rising in the west, and 'not more than twenty minutes passed away .before it began to rain and hail, but we had very little of the hail in our camp; all around ;us the hail was heavy. The thunders joljed with awful majesty, and the red lightnings flashed through the horizon, making it so light that I could see to pick up a pin almost any time through the night: the earth quaked and trembled. there being no cessation; it seemed as though me Aimigniy naa issuea iorui ms manaaie oi terrihlft. Manv Thft winrl vpncrpnnnA. trees were blown down, and others twisted and wrung like a withe.- The mob came to the river two miles from us, but the riveriiad risen to that height that they wers obliged to stop ft-- MvSuttossim'oers vTie.Jiailfell so.heavv uuoji inem. mat ii ueut litres m uitirMms. una in some instances even brofce the stocks on their guns. Their- - horses, fled, leaving their riders on the ground; their powder was wet, and it was evident the Almighty fought in our defense; This night the river raised forty feet. In the morning I went to the river, in company with Brothers Joseph Smith, Hyrum Smith, Brigham Young and others, as we.; had it in contemplation to proceed that morning to Liberty, Clay County; but we could not continue our journey as there was noway to cross the river, it was then overflowing its banks; pre vious to this rain falling ifr was no more than ankle deep; such a time was never .experienced by us before. Still we felt calm all night and the Lord was with- us. The water was ankle deep to us all night, even on that "" eminence, so we could not sleep. The next day when we moved into the country we saw that the hail had destroyed the crops, and that it had come in some directions within a mile, and in other directions within half a mile of our camp. We went a distance five of miles oh a' prairie to get food for. our and also to get some provisions for ourhorses, selves, and to get into some secure place where we could defend ourselves from the rage of the enemy. We stayed there thiee or four days, until tbe rage of the people was somewhat allayed. - To be Continued, The Prince of Wales' sons are receiving and a half cents jper da for thejr services in the British navy, and i$ is believed that the navy pays for all it gets. It might have been . expected from chusetts, but it has been done in Ohio. The "Wpman's Garfield and Arthur CiubfZfol" has organized in Ciijcinna.ti with ibrty member! . from among the. best society in the city. thirty-seve- n . Ma 