.1.. j- ,yj - EIPOMT. ' WOMAN'S The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eigats of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 10. Vol. 9. A CHRISTMAS CAROL FOR 1880. the shepherds while they keep-Wa- tch, at midnight's sacred hour, From their drowsy vigils leap, Housed by a resistless power. Sec the clouds are o'er them riven, Gleams the fcky with glory's blaze! Nearer come the hosts of Heaven, While the watchers wondering gaze. Lo! Speechless, rapt in admiration-L- ist the while the Angels tell-T- hat "The Christ" the World's salvation? Deigns indeed with men to dwell. List, they to the wondrous story On that holy Christinas morn That "the Prince of Peace" apd glory-- Was in Bethlehem's Manger lorn. Heavenly legions swell the praises Of "The Child Emmanuel." "Glory unto God the Highest," "Peace on earth to men good will." Is it not a holy Anthem? Fitting for the Saints to sing? Generous wishes let us chant them, E'en as praises to our King. Let us say "A Merry Christina?, From our hearts to friend and foe, Heavenly hosts will thus assist us Fride aud hate to over throw. Narrow feelings, let them perish; Christ's own Law of love fulfil I ; Let us nobly 6trive to cherish Unto all the World good will. Emilt Hill S. L. Woodmansket. City. CHRISTMAS GREETINGS AND Editor Exponent: Dear Friend and Siter "A Merrie ChristThese mas and a Happy New Year!" to you. have been household words for so many centuries, that I would not alter or change them lor version that could be given anv to "them. What a fund of life, and health, and hilarity, have they caused in the households of the world, as one came bounding into the halls of rejoicing, when it was fashionable to speak the feelings of the heart without form or preface, and each one his eager to be the first to offer the eternal greeting that precedes the day of universal rejoicing. "Peace on earth, a.;d good will to men" was the universal text. What unlocking of hearts ! What beautiful freedom, what rej dicing, what blessed gatheri"All the family ngs of dispersed households meet at Christmas," was the tale all had to tell. Boys and girls "broke up" school for the Christmas holidiys, and oh! the joy of going to the station in a' crowd to receive the young brain workers, who had been away six months; even the porter and the dignitaries of the station caught the enthusiasm, and threw open the doors of the cars with a smile of welcome seemed as the young travelers rushed forth, and to enjoy the hugs and kisses of brothers and sfetera and cousins almost as much as the recipients themselves so contagious is happiness! Christmas eve was all fun and frolic, every room decorated with "ivy green" and the Christmas hollv, with its beautiful scarlet ber new-fangle- d ries; and then from a large' bunch of evergreens in the centre of the ceiling was the mysterious mistletoe bough, half sacred, half secular, peeping out as if afraid of being seen; but that was for the coming ball no notice was taken of that But there was a table set with moiister plum cakes, nuts, apples, ami above all the The room now was darkened, and these being prepared were ignited, and then commenced the grand fun of the evening snatching the burning fruit from the smoking dish and every face having a purple and cadaverous hue Then on Christmas day morning all were awakened by a lovely peel of merry bells, ushering in this most notable day. All rushed from their beds and quickly descended to the breakfast table, where sat father and mother ready to receive their loved children; every heart was light, every face wore a smile of happiness and satisfaction. And so a week, and often more, was passed in an interchange of the "sweet amenities" of life. Nor were the sacred duties of that time ever omitted; rich find poor remembered the holy institutions of that day, and religiously observed them; and the rich ever spread tables for the poor on that day, and they enjoyed toto-nig- snap-dragon- s! ! gether the temporal and the spiritual. Every prison throughout the country had its rich Christmas fare spread out upon it. Surely the Great Father looked on the rejoicing of his earthly family, and blest the good and pure d with an especial blessing on- - that world-renowne- day! My mind has run off into other days and other scenes,'ton J almost carried me away; certainly away from what I sat down to do which was to write a letter to you, my dear friend and sister, to give you the greetings of my heart at this time. Close up that desk, lock up that office, and retire to a place where you can take a rest a Christinas holiday; for surely you have earned one. Vou have worked for the public, and the public will gladly wait on you, till you are again ready to put on the harness. May" health of body and strength of mind long, long be yours, till you shall lie d wn like a shock of corn, fully ripe, reposing for a brief period in the sleep of death, and then awaken in the very presence chamber of your Father, your God and mine, and the God and Father of all the good of all ages and generations since the world began. I finish as I began "A Merrie Christmas and a Ilappy New Year" to vou and all vours. Hannah T. Kino. NOTES AND NEWS. ! T. W. Higginson will deliver the oration on the '28th of December at Union Colonel Hall upon the occasion of the 250th anniverThe poem sary of the settlement of Cambridge. will be furnished by Oliver Wendell Holmes. W. J. Louisa Alcott says that when women are the advisers, the lords of creation don't take the advice till they have persuaded themselves that it is just what they had intended to do; then thev act upon it, und if it succeeds theyif the credit of it; give the weaker vessel half whole. it fails, they generally give her the Louisa is unnjarried, W. If. No. 14. 1K80. On Monday ov, 29, Wendell Phillips was sixty-nin- e years of age. The Woman's Jour-na- l says he spent the day at home and received numerous calls from his friend-;- , receiving man v lloral tributes, and from his Irish admirers a beautiful floral harp. "What" asks a correspondent in Iowa, "will stand out more prominently in the history of the year 1880 than the fact that 10,000,000 free people chose for themsel ves To this the Woman's Journal would answer, that in history the prominent fact of this election will be, that out of forty millions of people, viz., all the women, were denied the right and the chance to vote at all, and that, too, after such service in the war as allies of the party in power, as no other allies ever gave. These .onien are now the political peers of Jeff Davis. This is the fact that will stand out raxst prominent in history. Ex. one-hal- f, the Woman's Suffrage Convention held at Worcester, Ma., Oct. 20, in celebration of the thirtieth anniversary of the ilrst Suffrage Convention held in New England, Col. Higginson offered the following resolution: Resolced, That this Convention presents its At greetings to its venerable early leader and friend, 'Lucretia Mott, whose life, in its roundod perfection as wife, mother, .preacher and reformer, is the prophecy of the future of woman. The large liberty which the Society of Friends has always given-t- o women has been justified in her example; have we not the right to believe that the larger measure of freedom to church and state we are here to claim will be alike blessed to all American women? Ex. reSays Mr. Whittier to an be acted must porter, "The society of the future on more directly by women than that of the past. In the bringing out of the sensibilities, Inter-Ocea-n they must take a leading part. Woman Suffrage I regard as an inevitable thing and a good thing. Women in public life will bring it up more than it. will bring them down. There will be considerable lloundering before society adapted to the would become completely change, but after it shall be fairly accomplished and in working order, the work of society will and with a go on without any deterioration, unselfishnes-- t of gain in purity of motive and and administrators. I fear its effect in large cities, where bad women will come forward. Women are so intense that bad woifien will be worse in public life than bad men. But the difficulty is in the nature of the city. Ex. law-make- rs A grand ratification meeting was held by the women of Oregon Nov. 21, at Saleru in Reed's Opera House. Many hundreds were who present. Also members" of the Legislature had voted for the amendment. Music on the violin and piano were the opening exercises, after which stirring speeches were made byAfr Duniwjiv an d Mrs. Loutrhrav. Mrs. Dunicentennial poem was rendered by Mrs. way's K r ruuvc nn1 "Tltl!l T. r T If!, auu Li. 31. IjOWC anu iUi?ea Chamberlain gave a song. A number of letters were read and speeches were made by Lx. Gov. Gibbi and Hon. John Minto. When the Governor concluded his remarks upon equal who favored the rights he "asked those to rise amendment, and the audience rose, enmam enthusiasm." Good for Oregon. amid f s 1 great . t 