WOMANS EXPONENT. 123 r. ? SOMETHINGTTO LIVE FOR. Utho future jbrlffh with prombo, , , n ; Do Its yislons'gfoam with hope, ' Spreading far and wide in gladness, ' Giving fancy brilliant aeopo? ' Ia it gtj with my rUdflowe w, ; : ; i WMohaw eyrfair wjthIopm, laded heavy with rich fragrance, ' tear-dimm- j Is there an effulgent radiance, r r liogiuK with 6 tQif Hgat "rirrrr t All the future as by magic, . Oioriouj in ittcoloiibg brigbt? ' ' , . . 1 : " " ' !- - ' s . v-- there ever o'er thy Bilence A aweet ihrilling sense of awe, , Just as if an angel'presence ,?; Would tby soul from out thee draw? ' Does it whisper flowers are fading, ' : Fairy visions float away, Things most sweet aro only transient, thing earthljrmust deea it whisper life is Voting, That there a higher power, Does all, ,. , ' y I)o our sisters In Utah remember the condition of the honest .poor woman in this part of England ? a'he pitman's wife is a drudge; the agriculturist's a slave. Do they knowthat women still work in brickyards bind the wheat," pitch and stack the ' .. .... , . tsiw ' ' Mingle in the radiant vision . i Eat nest of ,a lite immortal; . Make eecura thine exaltation, .. A nd thy happiness etra&L Guard these principles as treasures neaven no purer give; t .win or "r " "These ;whl brihg' Immortal pleasures, ; i Someihiog sure for which to Hro. - 8. L. City, May, 1573. ' ' . hay drive "larm-cartspread the , manure - ' -- glafdden . . y , -- iho heartsi-in- 4 4he comlnkeasbn. r of many of the Lord's honest noor. Sfstrf Brother I reach back the hand of helD. and claim the blessings done. Oh, if I could gather all the dear girls ; and boys of Zion around me to have a talk and-wwho are grandparents have a right to talkjcwe who have "silver hairs among tne goia'Miaye passed; through the experi-;- . ene that our children are nassinsr through. We have felt the timid flutter of first love, and hoped And sigh ed, and wondered If reciprocated: and when assured, wo havepiqued, and teased, and noutod. and ! cried; and said many things which we did not really mean, vye have been woo'd and wedded, and have seen God's choicest elfts to mothera gather at our knee; and, alas! we have also seen the loveliest of those gifts plucked from" us. leavincr their tnva and their prattle: with the vacant chair in our nomes ana the void In our souls never to bo filled, till the day of the restoration 1ri the Loro near at hand. " ' And as we love them and desire their happiness, we would caution them against the vanity and pride whlcti is creeping into ZIori, aping the world in Its extravagance of dress and fashion, and the questionable embellishments of socio-:i ty." Refined Society. Indeedl What do Isee before me here? dare not lift the veil In your j pages, j defined, flpciety", is pro ducipg an effete race of drones of both. sexes, whose tinseled glamour dazzios the light oftruth, vitiates the nation's honor, and elbows virtue into the' gutter;, prod Ing the chaos that now relchs In the moral1 world of 'Europe and America. I know5 that the naked truth Is uhnalatat ln tn manv.' and fashionable prudery- - blushes at her an-- 1 proabh;' but the chastened ' mind ' receives1 and adopts it as;her own.,!,; ' Ana while, In common with all our sexj we love good clothlncr, and would encourab'ft the acquisition of every grafeand all learn ing that will tend ' to fit' our youth for the great future before them; to bo gained onlyi - ; &eing called from my home in ZionliponT special business ia the northern part of Her Majesty'sdomaih, and my stay here neces- -r sariiy protracted, but pleasant, and I hope tor profltablef jiotr only to myself but-alor sexes both that the nature many others of, my mission to these parts gives me ac cess tojtl- - occasionally receive copies of the puDiicauons oi utan, sucn;as the iieseret. Nev8" 4Salt Jake, Herald" and "Juvenile Instructor," and .some friend (?)'8ent. ine a copy of a nameless sheet, embellished with wood cuts,, which, excites our plty,'ahd fans our zeal lor the" cause, of Zion; and now some kind friend has sent me a copy of the Woman V ExpoENt of Nov. 1, 1879, for ' wfiich'I thank them verv mnfth- T ould'like' in mv humble wav to 8Deak to my sisters ; In Zion on behalf of my in England, abd' remirjd them; of the hundreds' of anxious hearts and 'ears 'that are waiting to heaif a! word "fiom: the mountains, in response to promises made many years since; 'when "they parted so full of faith and hope; and 'many with ofthe assistance those , who were left behind. Could many of my sisters, in Zlon realize the condition of their sisters in Engnot refuse to writo land, they would at least ' them a 'ktnd1 word of 'encouragement jto cheer the tobihj- - hearth of what the happy home of expectation.-'1 Some few t xlo write, in great haste, as they are so busy generally In making- - means; many send a phbto of their improved (?)' eel ves; or of the dear boys and "girls they' have been blessed with in Zion. wJCTow, this Is all .well ehough, and io .some degree it blessing toi the recipients; .but the --effect produced is often ,the reverse of that anticipated fehy the7 senderir:i And tif vthey couldjseev those photographs produced, as :theyj Invariably are when, one from Zion .callsas we are all supposed to knqw Qvery-.body who pver djld jemigrato to Utah per- so , sis-te- rs m - : was-onc- e 1 -- - wet, cold climate?' Yet there are manyf; of them, the kind souI, who ' receive, and minister'- - to .the wants of our husbands," brothers, and sons, who have been sent forth tdlroQlaim the Gospel of the Son of God. And they have claims which: frahndVsafeIy be ignored by those who rfeel46nlvheedv reminding to produce a respohspl that' shall : 1 : ; the carts and the,land, and that' in a A VOICE FBOM THE TYNE. -- ' ' fill s, bf-dut- of-the- '. . 1 , " . . gomethlhg surer In the future Than the pleasures of an hour? Is there in tbe heart an echo, .Answering the sad refrain? Does it whisper live for something . 7 More thar wealthy or po wer, or fame? ' : -- i , i j I ; i " y 5 e it-w- as; - , ; by patient labor. In and for Ood; I would teach them' that God has ihe-kinf?do- m of yet selected a' guide for His people from reunea society.":. 1 would .teach them to -- dlsr'deeper than the surface .of thathich doth appear'j to find the - foundation-o- f that hopoahd confidence which' will enable them to pass unscathed the trying ordeals the fhture will develop; for trials for Zion are impending, and all who would pass as gold must be prepared for tho refining- pro--r - ed . fi4- - ' un-- -r haps it is that of a son; or daughter,-acle, or an aunt, or some dear friend, around whose name still clings the happy memory of the good times of the past; you are told l of t their liberality, their kindness, their solemn promises, till the voice chokes, and the eyes stare into your own,' In search of a causo --for the chancre that must have come oyer those In whom they ou iixiyiivmy vuuuucu, xour crcfliurcif no comfort ithetii as best we can for we dare not tell them that in many instances their former friends have, been unable to bear humbly and hone3tly the blessings that have fallen upon them. It is better not to make promises at all than to neglect to fu-f- ill .them; this might be remembered by Ahd, If I couid speak to all our dear girls at Once, I would suggest that they prevailed r upon the good young men to foregdjtho privilege of just ono dance this winter and devote the cost to the emancipation from Babylon of some good young sisters, whose prayers and gratitude would leave a sunbeam In the memory of "our girls."' I have become acquainted with several who are"JU3t budding into womanhood, whose modest piety j?ouMadorn Zion, who in a lew years will naturally drift Into marriage, - a v bes trand thusbecome t tered Jo ajnan je who knows cot tho way of the Lord. - Sis ters, thiqk jot the; emigration j of somenot as a donation, but as a duty to anxious ones v. ; who have' been' born In the Church. w sue xjiuu jrom auu liiw vs tt guuu r appreciate-heenjoy a ' privileges. How we 111 At fa i 4 Via ffAtn mo Virrra J Monrl w M v , arama w w If M tni Mvm f from every source Sometimes swe li meet , with expressions that perplex us a little, : such t as ' thr select gathering of best society.'.' ' Ambiguous, sentiments!. There is Komethlng definite In "Utah's. best idea is electric with Joy. that icrop"-th- e' With Jhejjmllesof would: melt .a, savage ' : v w 9 . mmw V Vf -- : Jove. r I)prt,.best societywe have our ownu ideal, and we gather: together the; chosen ones, who stooa by when the martyrs fell, , with those who. hayo compassed sea and" land in the service of the Lord, .who have never deserted a post till" relieved, by the coming, watch, and whoso whitened locks stilt shimmer with1 'ihe'light of heaven. AVe seoHhehardy ,l baudrof pioneers; who made, the trails, and;ar6 still extendlng the ' borders of ZIon;wo:se the TwelvojApos1 ties, and the yacan t chair for our Brother! in Bonds; and interspersedas ministering angels are the j figures of those noble and consistent women "who have ever been found in the front of lhe" battle, with their balm. and lint to staunch tho wound and, blesi and encourage the weary. And !we" wish . for, that, companion picture one tha to inefe coming generations shall "point the moral and adorn a iale.'! The one to'be ap.' prpached with uncovered revdrehce,1 Inspiring & determined fidelity to God andL the f divine trust committed to our care; the other to incite V loving confidence" In the i h a of'IsraeLi,! hope " Mothers! Fathers! "Letus teach our ; K r t children to emulate-thvirtues of the good and the great,' iow, and not wai tlto pile e ; posthumous'honors Upon thoao. whoso counsels we neglected; while living: :ik Vl vl see there : is s a i new publication In Zion; since L left,uLJe.,i the : Contributor. hope, and no doubt it will be, decided In Its tone, and thoroughly Mormon ;wo need; real Mormpnillteratureinspiratipnai pens. ,7I must close, the cynics will say it's falling... It is very foggy and cold here; one, does not venture out wlthout a respirator and muff. youth, and the chubby-face- d lispers of their prowess at.the.Cihrlitmasr pudding, wish a "Happy New Year" and remain : Vi: " Tours faithfully, ill. iQKonaiNE A. Bird. : I f J ; V.1. KiT. King requests" the pi easuro of hearing ;imore fromE,'iwith. the full 