JHdfc k WOM 16 was served to all, the little folks here having the preference. The Bishop remarked these tilings ire to encourage the children, let them be waited on first We liked the idea: children should no t be made to feel they are or no importance, n t.hir iHmiitv and the series, At 5 p. ml, gave the last lecture of and satisfaction appre- which met with general ,CiA lately remarked, "The prominent physicianmost women of Utah are the ignorant upon their own physical organization of any class I have ever met." In the past, it is true, we have not and very enjoyed those facilities; for this higherolder eastdesirable education posseted by the hostheir ern cities, endowed as they are. with learning, yet we pitals, collages and houses oftalent aird ability, feel and know we have here and all that is needed is the opportunity wheregrow wiser by it may be developed. Aswewe come to realize both in theory and experience secure will better that is there nothing happi-nes- 3 iHefulness of result a that m ness, awl than health; and in order that we should. posses health, 'we must understand and prac-tice the rroat physical la ws tiiat govern ""these" mortal win 3.-.- Feeling tho great need of this self-resne- ct. I knowledge among women, I have, for some time mst leen engage in the pleasing task of teachthese truths by a series of ing and inculcating lectures. I feel ambitiom for the woman of Utah. I would wish them to Le the best, purest and nobie-st- , the wisest and most thoroughly educated of aiiy. women on earth, and for their emancipation from iguoronce and tradition T a ni willing to work earnestly and energetically. Kvi?r feeling interested in woman's cause, which you, with voice and pen, bo nobly advocate, I will say ndiuu for the present. k. 1. Hill IT, M. I). 1 PRONUNCIATION W KXGLTSH NAMES. X V o k is i. FAULT FINDING. 15 V This is one of, the greatest of evils. One begins before they are aware saying something about their neighbors, or some unfortunate person, that has strayed from the path of duty, or who has taken some wrong step that excites the public mind. Wa are all apt to take such a subject for our topic to talk about at some bee, or social we think, gathering, and fhus give vent to what how muoh meaning no harm, and little thinking and commences One result. be will the harm soon it or has knows she heard; tells what spreads through the crowd. Each has some story, or a fault to add, so they get the faults and wrongs picked out ofa person's character, ' and if a portray them in such glaring colors, that-be to presstranger to the said person happened ent, he would readily come to the conclusion that that person had never done a good deed in all his life; foi truly, I have never heard of a person, he or she, who was past forgiveness. When faults, mistakes, wrongs, and evil deeds are all jmt in one heap, some truth and some fiction, end then spread before our eyes in the blackest dyes, no good can we decern. Now, my dear sister-- , stop! How would we like our fault' arnyed in such a manner? for none can deny having them, for none of us are perfect. Supposing we take the good deeds of the person for our topic and portray them in just as bright colors as we have the faults, and when we have finished, O, what a contrast! The good outshines the evil, fco that it lessens the magnitude of faults: until it looks like a speck in the ocean, The view of this person's character is greatly changed. If we would take this course, we would see more beauty in human nature and make a better record for ourselve; and we would be a more happy and peaceable ROMANIA B. PRATT OFFICB Up stlars, in Old Constitution Builc'nr, Reeldence six blocks eai t of Poet Offioe, south side of street. Special tuay das oeeu gi eu to Ooutetr cs, diaeases WoInn. and - DISEASES of the EYE of ND EAR NEW SPRING STOCK. F. AUERBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Templk Stkeet, 8alt Lake City. Fiv hundred pieces of Drtfi Goods, "Embrolderle6, Ruca i.igs, Fsve Hundred pairs'W Kid Olores, Trlmminys. Ladlei Cartoons of Ribbons. Ties, Cu ' aiid Collars Wboieealt Millinery Stock In the Wesu Notlooj Larg-- i ana Shoes, Gents' and UojVClotklnr. and Furmghinr ljtH oods Etc., Etc Fashion, No. Pulace 17 East Temple Street, fJIRSi C. E. DYE Desires tbo ladies of Salt Lake and those risltinf to call at her show rooms and see her new stock Tbo latent aDd most stjiisn modm of of M1LLTNKKT Hals arid Bonnets in 8traw, Felt and Veheu AIss metj in r lowers. Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and shades and stripes Country dealers, io the please call I ad.'es' Hair work tn all Its branches. Good Con-fere- uc hib-bo- iatt work rtwrantccd. :mi. I. DR T GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, ... flEA VY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND qUEEN&WARE, AORICULTURAL IMLEMNETS, &t. ... DIOLS AT T ICA.S LiliE CUT. l depaitmenta for GeLt's ClothiDg and Car(e(H, Laiiien and Ctiiliirt?ii, Sh(e, SALT r, Again, Main waring is Manueriug; McLeod Pp-c'a- is McCloud. In Elgin and Gillott the "g" is hard; in Gilford and Nigel it is soft; in Johnstone the "t" should iut" be sounded. In Moly-neu- x the "x" is sounded, and the name is pro- the best Blood Pnrlier. nd stimulates It Isftinrlinn tamowi hftftltfrfnj action. SJHlH errrj Urns a benefit in all diseases. If IB. IDJJISTJO'H.JD, BESTIST. PAID SPECIAL and PreHervlng the Natural teeth. Teeth Carefully Extracted. Fatb Tketh inserted from one tooth to a Full Set, in the Most Manner. I' KICKS tn SuitApproved the Timet and FIras CI una Work Uuaranteed. OFFICE: TIBA!H ST., OPPOSITE SALT LAKE HOUSE. A LARGE ( YFSP MADF 1RKB ule Home-Mad- H:ank(U, Fiaunels, 8tuwlsr LiQBCTSf Jeaos. JOnN C. nrownTa'rDi' White Colored Yarns, Caselmeres Twaeda, e CUT-rLJieDof..- I ,ir MILLS, Old Cotton BaUirr, wcyi Battier, Y-D- GREGORY, tKlniball Block. KEVV not y u fauld d IF Idea in s'el0B' mi t nc, ard examine tbe New Machine Construction The e Ma ;hlue is elegant in ce and admirable in operi t on, rur.s very asiij appeaiar and w ibont ny Dense i . altrioug-'he rate of is very bhrh I's self' MtlDif sort K.lf thieaains; fped bu tie, and absence ol sprlcfs fttid c s retdei s 1 both rim pie and durable. Be 6"re to see it, fur it g advaiitaires will make you its friend' Victor Sewing Machine Co,, Chicago, -O. M. ;, IDI2SrW002DEXl KlUUS JEL. Bror.ma, Washboards, Brush a, J, Alt ASB KtlAIL S Jkfc III. l lljr. IJT FURNITURE STOCK for VI WBOLX&ALM 541. by WOOLEN PV0 Bnlldlnc;, also WANTED, h ATTENTION r, o. box , Btoves. mm TSnd for PwnpLIal amiTMtlmnnl.;,; ' JOSEPH IN HAVE YOU SEEN THE Proprietora, ' of all CLASES Salt Lak City. everywhere - Domet-tic-- Ladles are requested to call and examine the moet complete ahMrtment of Curls, Braids, 6 witches, Etc. at Reduced Prkes. All kinds of Hair Wr.rk made up in the meet Artstlo style, 'ash paid tor Roman Hair and Combinn EEWABHR&IU, ' A.- abd aud FRENCH BAffi STOEE. Safe Rente dies are sold hj DrngLsta Dealers and In Medici no -- Bliftwls Hhidware DRIcO FRU TS ESTWarner's -- Goods. Groceiits, In eliminating the ofthe blood, the natural and necessaryimparities result is the core of Scru uloua and other Skin Eruptions and Diseases, Including; Cancers, Ulcers' and other Bores. Dyspepsia, Weakness of the Stomach, ConatI Dizziness. General ars pation, cared by the Safe Bitter.Debility, It Js eta, as an appetizer and regular tonic. unequaled It is a medicine which should be In every family, and which, wherever used, will tare the, payment of many doctors' bills; Bottles of two sizes ; prices, SO cents and iLOOL U-.e- "t Transcript. Pumps itepaired on abort notice. VOrders from the country promptly responped Im- .Address. David James, Box 106, Salt Lake City. Wholesale and Retail Dealing la all kinds of s, nounced Molynoox, with a very slight accent on the last syllable. In Vaux the "x" is also sounded, but it is mute in Des Vaux and likewise the Devereux. In Ker, Berkeley, and l)e-iy- , of In has sound the YValdegraVe, "a," in far. "e" the second syllabi, fue," should be dropped, and so should th "th" in Rlyth. Dillwyn is Dlllun, and Lyveden Livdeu. In Conyngham, Mouson, Monk ton and t'ousonby, the "o" takes the sound of "u," and IJlouut should be as the "o" being Blunt, pronounced mute. Bucnan shoulu be pronounced Buckan, and Beauclerk or Beauclerc is Boclare, the accent being on the first syllable, WenryseH should be pronouueed Weims, and D'Eresby is elided and D'Eraby. In Montgomerie the two "o's" have the the sound of u" tlio accent being on the second syllable. In Hertford the "t" is elided and the "e" has the sound of "a" in far. Strachau should be pronounced Strawn; Colquehounjs Koohoon, the accent being on the last syllable; Beauchamp is lieacham, and Coatts is Koots. Another formidable name to the uninitiated is Duchesne, which should be pronounced Dukaru; Bethune should be Beeton; and in Abergavenny the "av" is not sounded. Menzies is prouounced Mynges; Knol-ly- s as Kuowls; Sandys as Sands; Gower as Gorr, Milnes as Mills. Finally, Dalziel should be with the accent on the first syllable; Chartres Is Charter; Glamis is Glarms: Geoghegan fehould bo pronounced Gaj'gan, ana Ituthven U Itiven. We may add that the "accent is frequently misplaced in. pronouncing British proper name, aud a few of the words liable to mistake may be here noted. In Taderaa and Mtllais, the accent is on the first syllable: in Clanricdrdead Breadalbane, on the second: while in Burnett, Bardett, Kennalrd, Parnell and Tremayne, the last syllable 1 accented. LIFT ISO FORCE PDHPS. RUHSEY'S CELEBRATED Zr o. mil A recent work published by F. Warne &, Co., London, entitled, "The Manners and .Tone of Good Society,' has a chapter on the pronunciation joE the proper names and titles of the English aristocracy, which wifi be of peculiar service tar tho.se who-- are ranch.: given to X he: reading of of English history or English novels. The following condensation of the examples furnished by the autlior are given herewith Such are Oholmondeley, pronounced Chumley; Majori-bankprouounced Marshbanks; Cockburn, pronounced Coburu; and Cowper, pronounced Coo-tie- (Successor to Mitchell A Jawet,) J Tinner, Oas. Water & Steam Fitter , JULIA SPENCEK. SPRING JfiED2. WIRE MATTRES8E3. Feathers Wall Pap e r AND BABY GARRIAGK& 75, 77, & 79, First South Bt S. L, C 