PHILANTHROPY. TTtr knanf !fn1 fa nhllanflivnnTtl in1 - - Ing children of lls own If It all originally belonged tothe wbman. That, you see is very kind to men. t But tho law of Inheritance of oarSj wilh which you ,ftnd so much lathers dnividuairp faulty - 1m r sublime must be the emotions pf those rare souls who are willing to do anil idsuffer all : things for tho sako of theirfeilow-creature- s 1 at-a"Tna- But what iahall we say of those who cant about philanthropy solely to cover up their fosilielflshneis, and who pursue" tbelr own evil ends under pretense of serving others? j: jWere It not that they contrive to be .very ; . . , : : ! s ; , - MWOiw v ; . : r y er that she. was, downtrodden" and Jn ded qf their kind sympathie&'and kinder 4 y6u(tmust jknbw; ;Smith; It Trs." (I Is the lduty of . l 4 it wiitjsa) every ree'man, 'not only to enjoy our free Institutions In his own person, oat to neip otners to enjoy them even by resisting oppressors, as wo vailbeity.tothe 'negroes by fighting their iriasiers You know polygamy Is the other 1 winy and because Its slaves are all women ' only makes' it the nobler to espouse their fr :z m ; : er - -- i f ' i- " v I': " rV f v i 1 ' -- if - J ' a "Then that is tho mission of : you Liberals to Btah-- to champion the ladies?'' r;tAter&?Weay although they- - are the majority,' the male ::mlri6rliy:liav00 everyt1 is hing-, their own way;""' and slncb Mrs. f ..iii... 5 t ; thef-stand- 1 ii.L.'1-.- i' - itrui "Lint L.j..Li 'xtepuuucan laws, lirausi ue sioppeu.- vr uy, I . i ' , j .4 - . . - Llberal Nay MadamIibw catfHhatM bo 6alled ft better law1,whlch' divides tinheri- !tance In a man's estat'o'iequally between his "lawful cnlldren and a set of banErefs-br- i who can claim only an unlawful relationshipwith j -- kUarrti'-4h"brfi;iirf- 1 . l Mt$iB. What;iti ho: namei of JiisUce, n? '"rtfbu1dyoiSi'haver,,Jlr rr'& f! - Liberal, ' "We wbul J;; nav!ai;mfan,l ohly rue and lawful wife venJoy to justlright f rest 0 bnethlrd of lila t6 go estate, and the lt6 her childreh,;their father's only true and 'rt &yiM helr8vna;l;--vr- r c ''Mrs. S. yott would'dbbar from '"Vyes; Inheritance all latetuwive3' and1' Children. , That sounds liberal with a vengeance; for nobody can,denyhat onetchild is as closely related to Its father as another, not to men- -' tion tho status you would give their besides Hhat wretched ndbwry j takp itr!wa& originally onfy aaiaoi ;Jwmpromlse: with:cohsciencO,! by which inen isonglit to'"lastify' themselves' for "rbbblng f- their wives .pf all that was Justly theirs as; : n-- hr ; 1 - ;. 1 rfloth-Hril,llAii- & ' I - longas they, the husbands, ""lived, merely ; uy giving dock pan or it a,t death. Ana: lhe other two-thir- ds of the joint estatotho, law gives to tho iiian'a own Telatlves-fal- l- : - -- -- , -- -- . ; ' " i These gentlemen themselves urged the : y j tensions of .those,who come from a distance Jo espouse the cause ,of "the uowntrodaen . 1 , quite preparecl to arrive af a' jptst j estimate of the value of the flimsy pre-- ; ?M.v l vpjecj'n's s I u ,was r ns o ptplfyinji WUf Vwnvui - , certain jelass .their, guard, weinjust-.honpr.- a of persons with some Usc,ulo.a.., u, , 1 cannot better illustrato the , casp under consideration than by flying the substance Ipf 'a couversatlon between a lady" friend, of mine and "several of the self.styled liberals ' of TTtahl Thls'ladv Is a real business char- jicier, Having mastered one or ttpd. regular Vprdfessfpnsi'Js Jla'ylng JiicJ business transac-ti6n- s Md ca& yttih lii personal eiperieqccf mapyiofearjjsbl as will as the natural jalsabilitiW o jhe i- - -- much In the way of. better people; we could afford to pass them In silence, as bequeath contempt;' but sinco tho.youngand unsophisticated in Zion need to, bo set On 4 women ofaUtah obeytoo well,' you wish to deprive them of "the means of independence which their husbands have put into u their hands;,, and you w ould contrive to lifevlntniah from acknowledging all hi reVerino andchildren and honoring all his wives oven in doesnotInvolve: perty: . deathr any ? property of f which individuals . bis wUl." Liberal. "Bat you persist in classfne all wives may do aosoiute owners in tneir own the women-a-s - wives, when many of them rightsuchrrghTIs ftrwdmeff elsewhere are only living In open shame. We wish, .enJoy,iiZiiiii-ii.i-iu-iMit :yu...ruAmuia a is for woman own sake, to get laws not Liberal. "That all chimera about ,wo men , holding property of their Pwnr; f If 'only passedj but enforced, to put a stop to " this whclesale moral degradation of wo- they hadany at first, their husbana-wQjuI, contrive-tV men." , pass It all into their ,own pockets sooner or later.Mra S.' "And dare you talk to us of raor. ; v als and degradation, when right under the but i Mrs, "So you judge; 'c$nld stars and stripes men have passed laws, and choseji find -- dociimontary aro still seeking for moro laws, to license several" wives do hold their ownroyerty tho ruin of women body and soul' by men? securo. from e von testamentary 'dlspbs'aj . by To ther husbands; and I alsqkhowthalihe register by name and number, and keep under most, inhuman 'regulations the vichusbands wish it so for the fuhherfspcirlty tims of men'p mot atrocious 'crime, whilo of their younger, group? of chimrrput .what else would you have in thV interest of screening, justifying and leaving at full lib-- If this is not ; reform?" . 'dragerty the perpetrators. l' womendown 'from their JiibeVaC, "Wp, would have repeated, or heights of ging ' .'and them J in the farcial those lecubn , annulled laws'," by 'treading: purity mire do not tell me wnat would bo. And vwhich1a rnan ppty3hi3r6wn .yottand-sa'half ;a dozen others, by letUnjg hts'ib:cailed yet, In view of these things and your own outspoken sehtiments, you come here wishi twtvCs rbi ihein Into, the box for Him. Mrs. 3.i "You 'seem , to lipldf a'bfegone respected ing to hurl Iarge'jiumb women into the same reeking pit, and call conclusion thjat'they always vpio accbrdirig ?,:. to his wishes and hot their own." yourselves champions oft women I Do you LiberaL That lis; plain uppn the very think we aro blind?" Liberal. J;'My "dear Mr?. Smithy you are 'Mormons; seldom too severe on us personally. Wo did not haVejmprq'thah qno candidate in the field, "jBothat-:there4Individual pass those laws, nor - even help to do it; can you thus hold us responsible personally blce; and thbii as long as a woman calls a for measures which men, perhaps wiser than jnan Mer, husbandj isreally her 'bBunden Christian .'duty torobjBhlm. So this;"law we, have deemed advisable? We are here now, and Is it not right for us to do all wo ; giving women the ballot i ust icountbt can to correct existing1 evils?" uth which; 'gaVo? a part' of that jn! the slave-hbidMrs 8 "I do hold , you responsible for ari extra vote for everyevmany what your 'wiser men have done and aro slaves thus compelling ihVpbor slaves to ' assist In still doing. ;Ivonturo the" assertion that their own fetters ;with , riveting ' this difference, tho 'Mormon Slaveholders not one , oryou, oyer ! voted against those yburselyes opposed additional vote for every one, We .'geliitn'' mnieiiomsipxB, 1 -o vote to allowing-womenwould curtail the evil by taking waynlli against them for :: , ht because fit 5jfthese'56xtrafvotes,-iisyou rightly call them themselves, tl Mre B.: "Ohy6u would curtail thd pqer 'filthy;' But yqu: have these, burning pits of destruction yawnlnjw)d'eatabme, and of the men bytakjngaway'iifurage ' come here to reform "institutions which are from thb' womeh on cy our bare assumpiion of not vil when judged - by that they do nbt please1 themselves as well 1 their ,;mpral 'effects on ' s'ocletybut only in as" their huslkuds" Itf their voting, You f tho. codo of yourr"opin1bnj'y'e;!Mormon would take away from them the great boonwomen' know, a few, things Joi, .ourselves, for which the women in tho States,1 Whence and so fai as we are cpneerned, your reybn? earned have' been anxiously and valuly Which formers rhavb cordiaeave, tp' ret jre.' "WrtvlBfdi half a ilfetime-4ir666- ri' - the men bF Utah;of theit" dWh I wonld they might, In every individual will, 3icoriferrd upon their sla ves as you politely instance, meet with ?such prompt unn?a3k-Ing- ; vntiirAstnfA and if they must bo missionaries, let " ,themf contlnub to send Bibles to the heathright of dower by taking away lrom women ' the ' en W'ihe'leasi harm ey .can doi But it Hght td! own1 property In their own the majority , wpui;bb. better far to give their women at name; subjugate' yoir;w6uld' -"home justice, and befriend-th- p hundreds, wbmenj1 to ttid minority" (men)bteuse of nay thousands, depraved vagabond chil- Hheyare married;ryou would' brand large dren roaming the streets of their monogriuribersi of women and their children ivlth amic cities. : ikgrace, and ' relievo fthelr husbands i and ff i; L. L B. fathers 6f all responsibility for them,' be- "causo yon chobse to say they are not ' iied-an- d all this ' yda f would do in the themar- in Wk announcing Jake pleasure ! t don" Ion women for narao of protect Why bur youhr relatire.O. F. Whitney, Hage-o- f minds fihow your liberal you by giving our thetlSth Ward of this city, tor Miss .uownmotnersi Bisters ana wives inose orivi- ' Ztha Smooth ira intereetidfe ; and tnteingeDi so of instead which much "destroy they Jeges of Mayor A Ol Smoot cf 'young iadydaughter i , iaseeklngjto,takp awayourst7 at Frovo. Tne maniage ceremony w yeuvi" ; Llberah f In qur,oplnop, , it jwpul4 poft an im in thIa;city;ThurBdayi bed l8;1879By.Pw .injury rather thanf a omejx to, XJl.JWelLi. We extent! uiu uivat, icii- vdrag them down Xrbm their heights 'ot purity to mingle In the filthy pool of politics."' ,; now fAlriyiknntch'e'don' the sear of maWtoony, Mrs. 8. JiThen to be their Jn law? Your seem?tp forget that the negroes and hope tneir vpjageybTfer life's';' sea may. be a would still7 tie slaves, had' the opinions of pU'aaaat and' prGsperobsonejand'Hbatc their their masters retained that degree of life may prove rich in all the experiences iafc ' believe it vrbng foFnegrpes tendto the fall est development, of the" heart ' : " to.'obey white people, but affectlons'ind the' ' highest happiness here right lor women iu uuoy men; ana yet oecause yon iear vno j the1-pueril- d e. - rr: . -- . lXo - - your-opinlon- ils ' po-lenc- V.ou ard 