vw-- T'CI a iv - lj i v JlN o , The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER 15, 9. A MOTHER'S ADDRESS TO HER Where the ties of affection are strcngthen'd Where they blossom, and flourish, and grow Where kmdrcd in love are united; Nor anguish of parting will know. CHILDREN. Written for Sister M. I. Home and addressed her children aiid by her to upwards of fifty of n grandchildren, on the occasion of their When Earth is a sanctified planet; When 'tis cleansed and cele6tializcd too; May we all be allow'd to possess it, With the noble, the tried and the true; And receive with the faithful out portion That the Father is pleased to bestow, On all who have valiantly labor'd To build up his kingdom below. "That we aU may have wisdom to merit (Nor one even more than another) The blessing of "Life everlasting," Is the prayer, and the hope of your mother, Re-unio- in tlie old home. Is By EH. it needful that I should Woodnmmee. sat welcome? Is It needful my feelings to speak? In a measure I'll try to express them, But language is feeble and weak To tell the entire satisfaction The comfort, the pride and the pleasure; That I have in beholding my children, Again in the old home together. S. L. City, PEN SKETCH OF AN ILLUSTRIOUS When I look on this circle of faces, With Jacob, I'm led to exclaim "All these God hath given me," surely 'Tis, meet to acknowledge his name; With praise and with thanks I adore Him,' That so mauy belonging to me -My children, and their children alsoWell and happy arround mc I see. My bosom is thrilPd with emotionv Hopes and fears", that I cannot relate; iieacning out to the future before you Hopes and fears, for your possible fate. (i, a mother would fain live for ever And sheild all her children from ill; WOMAN. ELIZA R. BNOW HMITH. ( Continued.) Though our patience and worth, we will merit That grand and endurable prize A crown, of Eternal Salvation The reward of the faithful and wise. But 0, wj must struggle to gain it, . For such is our Father's God himself cannot make ns obtain it; Unless we will diligent be. dec-fce"- yours, through each trial and change.j Be trua to yourselves, for your honor-- By your covenants faithfully stand ; The oul that is bound by his honoris fitted to serve, or command. be If but one of a househould, to virtue Turn's traitor, and merits Ms doom; All who love him, are plunged into Borrow: Into deepest affliction and gloom. I pry that you all may bo faithful To your conscience, your friends and your God That you'U walk In the "strait narrow pathway" That the wise and the worthy have trod. if in the old home together Face to face wo maj never more meet; a homelhat Is brighter and better-M- ay this circle be full and complete; - And from any task assigned her, however arduous 11 migm appear. the in cold, 1838, of On the 10th December, bleak winter, Miss Snow, with her father's Mo. family, left her home in Daviea County, been the "Mormon's'' in that locality having leave previously ordered by the Governor to the county within ten days. They accordingly moved from Davies to Caldwell Co. Sister Eliza says her father, in assisting widows and others, was detained until the very last day of "grace" allotted to the Mormons for leaving the county; the weather was very cold indeed, and the ground was covered with feet snow; she walked on to warm her aching until the teams would overtake her; meantime militia," who she met one of the this will abruptly accosted her: "Well, I think heroine cure you of your faith." The young looked him steadily in the eye and replied: "It will take more than this to ,cure me of my faith." His countenance fell and he responded, "I must confess you are a better soldier than I am." It is indeed wonderful to what injustice, brave hardships and persecutions those grandlyof their men and women endured for;the sake and religion, without a murmur or complaint; remember,kind readers, these things transpired before the' principle of plural marriage had ever Been revealed. While this little company of fugitives were fleeing from danger towards was Far West, they stopped one night at what House," a place built of called the "Half-wa- y and then enlogs, perhaps twenty feet square, This had been the tirely without chinking. of the hundreds of "almost shelterless shelter" wanderers who had gone on before them, pe-othe ruthless mobs to leave their compelled byLfnr On this. OC- ;n t. , uumta ui tuuuui u or. eighty about seventy-fiv- e casion there were I . ,1 1. u nif fnf .IVY. sne aim Snow Miss says persons. lie nora managed so that their mother could down, and they sat by upon the floor to prevent were her being trampled upon, for the travelers "so-call- ed And this is a mother's petition That your love may be never estranged From the. Truth, that the light of the Gospel-M- ay I trust by your actions forever Your motives will worthy be proved; That 3ou all may be justly respected, Even honor'd and trusted, and lov'd. Wherever you go, maythe angels Your footsteps direct and attend; May your toil be abundantly prosper'd; Yea, may blessings upon you descend, into this small space like so many cattle, and they could hardly be responsible for their movements. The food the jeople had with them was frozen hard, and though there was a blazing fire in one side of the room, she says it was not possible for them to get to it to thaw the food for their suppers, therefore they resorted to a very novel expediency, which she tells thus: "The' boys milked, and while one strained the milk another held the pan (for there was no chance of putting anything down); then while one held a bowl of the warm milk, another would, - as expeditiously! as possible, thinly slice the frozen broad into it, and thus we managed for supper. In the morning we were less crowded, as some started very early, and we toasted our bread and thawed our meat before the fire. But, withal, that was a very the merry night. About twenty feet from the which house was a shed, in the centre of brethren built a roaring fi;round which and sang sougs and hymns some of them crowded f "'-- f , f mid-winte- r. 1 ; td all night, while others parched corn, roasted ot a complaint was frosteif potatoes, etc. heard all were cheerful, and judjing from appearances, strangers would have taken us to be pleasure excursionists raiher than a band of gubernatorial exiles." Beaching the city of Far Yt:, they found such scenes of sorrow and sulleriug as no lanand guage can faithfully depict, The prophet been many other prominent brethren had dragged off to prison, their families were : ..inscribed on jkaftW .1 f.iilifitl Kami il. L ; desti-T.tjrit&&- W--i- And Age! must pass over "the River" It cannot contend with the tide'. But the Lord is a safe guard forcve; He is always a help to the tried. And trial is mortality's portion, Yea, the Saints must be tried as by fire; To refine, to prepare, to perfect them For the glory, to which they aspire. n ! Sister Eliza has evinced, through the whale course of her eventful life, a remarkable degree of adaptability to circumstances, which has enabled her to pass through the trying experiences with which "Mormon" life abound with greater equanimity than she couldtli p. otherwise 'have success she has TUa rfroot conrot nf Ar.nn achieved is no doubt mainly due to the simple Compared to her love and ner win. i Aug. 25th 18S0. No. 8. 180. v" nid -' i in t hp rntfiHi. in- - iiixAJiLiAA. It is indeed pitiful to even hear related, or va-'- - to read, the history of the cruelties- inflicted inoffensive men, women upon those innocent, and children during the persecutions in - Mis-sou- n. Sister Eliza says, on the 5th of March, 1839, while the weather was still very cold and wintry, they left Far West, leaving much of their for property behind them, and startedhad Illinois, preceded whither many of these poor exiles into oitt yt' the Her father moved them. northern counties of that State, but Eliza and her sister stopped in Quincy, Illinois. While there she wrote some characteristic articles for encomithe press, and received very flattering ums of praise, and many pressing solicitations of to contribute other poetical articles. It was course something of a novelty to find genius bo rare inherent in a "Mormon girl," an exile at that From Quincv Miss Snow and her sister for a short moved to Lima, and Jived there necdlc-worwith time, supporting themselves It was compelled to submit to circumstances. training stood them then their in good stead. In May, 1839, the Saints began to gather in the Mississippi, Commerce, on the banks of about the midand afterwards called. Nauvoo; Snow dle of July Sidney Rigflon sent forMu .ohool. to come up there and teach' his family seclusion, She had been living in comparative and and away from the society of the Saint,,came which it must have been a happy messageshe lovod so to her, to join the society of those who and be associated again with those intelliand wTre searching for the knowledge from a divine source. gence which comes only Sister Eliza reDuring the seven years that most important some of the sided in could which events occurred in her career of Saint. It wat mark the life of woman k, home-industri- al - 1 