W OMAN 8 EX and carry it Into effect to as great an extent" as was possible. Gave some valuable suggestions in regard to carrying on the different branches of industry which were within reach . Sister Eliza Ogilvie, Pres. of the Bilk Association, spoke in the interest of silk raising and asked the cooperation of the sl3terg to aid her in this matter. Bishop Geo. W Bean spoke for a short time, on the Increase of the evils of Intoxication, profanity and using tobaco. Exhorted the mothers to bring to bear all the influence they possibly could, to correct those evils, and thought by using wisdom, and speaking a kind word in the right time much good might be accomplished. A number of the sisters bore their testimony to the truth of up to our duties and privileges we should be blessed. . Bro. Lofgreen made a few good remarks and bore his testimony that the Spirit- of God was in our midst. , - .... Pres. Bean announced that the Primary would meet in the after- Association noon. ... . Benediction, 2 P. M. After singing and prayer, the Primary Association was given anhour's time. The Secretaries called the roll, the ten commandments were recited by four little girls, and a recitation given by one little girl. Instructions were given them which occupied the rest of the time, and the meeting was turned over to the Pres. of the B. S. Pres. Elizabeth Bean thanked the congregation for their kind attention. Bore her testimony to the divinity of plural marriage,' arid said by depending on the Lord auu luijtug xjix - uiLU jui aiu ouu tuiuiuib Singing. - . ouu uuuiu. liUljr Buy lutvii iuio pfiuuipio was now no trial to her. Asked God to bless us all, and help us to live near to Him. Coun, W. H. Segmlller arose and said lie "had remarked that day at the dinner-tabl- e he believed Sister Bean was a heroine, and now he know it, and would prophesy she should go down to her grave in peace, and God would bless her declining years with comfort and plenty. He then spoke briefly of the terrible influence of liquor, tobacco and 'profanity, and called a vote asking the mothers if they would aid bim by every effort In their power inj abolishing the use of intoxicating d rinks and 'other evils to Which they unanimously responded, yes. Conference adjourned for three months. ; Singing. Bensdiction. A. Cathaiiine Hunt, Sec'y, -- . , , CACH CO. LEWISTON, D4ab Bister: Our Relief Society here heldits annual meeting the 17th Jan. In which some changes were made in the officers, we thought proper to report. The secorid' counselor, assistant' secretary and treasurer resigned from office. Mrs. Mar' tha" Wiser was appointed-secon- counselor d and Mrs A; itaun assistant secretary and Mrs.GSophia Funk' treasurer.. . The sisters are trying to do the best they can. Susan Terry. SPRING CITY, The third Quarterly Conference 6ffthe Belief Societies of 8anpete Stake convened at Ephralm City, Feb. 16 1880. The usual opening exercises were offered. The reports which-wer- e read, showed the sisters were alive to thIr da. 'tiesin looking after lhe poor, and "helping Editor Exponent: PONE NT, to'forward the work of God, Receipts" $74, 65 In cash, and $343,73 ,In property received during this quarter, and 135, bush, of wheat stored away. The Presidents, who were pi esent reported, their societies as being in a good condition. The Y. L. IL I. A , and the Primery Associations were only partially reported, on account of much sickness. ; A goodly number of sisters and brethren spoke upon different subjects,but principally upon our every day Hlfe; of being diligent in fmall matters, of being punctual, truthful and charitable, one with another; as It is theseithingi which wllL produce love and union among the people. Some touched upon the way. bur enemies are behaving towards us, wondered how they could ex pect the wives, daughters and mothers, to turn against . their husbands iatbers and brothers, as they - have tried to persuade them to do. Pres. Hyde, urged the people to watch and guard their Integrity for all Would be put to a test some way. 8poke very edify-ingl- y upon different subjects. Pres. Petersen was away from home, at the Legislature but his counselor Henry Bealjwas present and expressed himself as being well pleased with the proceedings of the sisters. Asked God to bless all the Presidents and the sisters with them and the brethren the same, and that the prayers of the sisters might be answered, that the sickness might be abated in our midst Singing. Benediction. Conference adjourned until May 1, 1880. ..... . Fanny Koffod Cor. Sec'y. (X&RESPONDENCE. . 8UN8ET APACHE CO., ARIZONA MARCH- 16 tb, 1880, - Editor Woman's T&P0fflimJr'':W6 left Salt Lake Clly on our return trip tb el afternoon jofiAugust lstj: and reached Sunset Aug, 25th. Wo were greatly blessed and prospered on our journey, laid over one day and half. Feed and water were scarce, but by driving rapidly we reached each watering place' without suffering,' to either 'man or beast, and kept our teams in good con: dition.; ;;.T; . . am glad to be at home again, although my relatives are all in the vales of Utah (that are in the Church). We were called by the servants of God to' come and help redeem this desert land, and I for one am contented, and feel willing to. live anywhere or do anything to help build up the kingdom of God, and establish peace: in the earth. There is a great arid, glorious "work to be done In.thla land, wo have settled In the midst of the Lamanites and our actions are closely "patched? lher5J who-whethey are touched with the Holy Spirit will become mighty aud valiant men in the cause of truth f and righteousness. The Elders. who are among: them are laboring diligently ;aiid have a great deal of Influence with them. X I leafn by: letter from! Utahtjiat there is considerable sickness amor the Sain ts,and many are called from this Sphere of action in their youth or the prime of life. It seems hard to see our friends ;depar$, and be laid in the silent grave at a time when, to all appearance they are Just entering upon a long, and useful life. Surely there is a cause for this. The Lord has said that His judgments should commence at bis house. If we as Latter-da- y Balnts, would keep the Com mand on ts He has J gl vcn us, and live our most holy religion, there would bo no 1 . - : - 167 -- need for us to do qh3tetfe11'.Wevare?:'Vory much like little children, 4mveto;j bo coaxed and plead with : day arfer day, land when We become too rebellious arid f 'stiff necked must be chastised; We havebe fore U3 the "Word of Wisdom," fcivehid the Saints and adapted to trio bapacltyof ther weak, and the- weakest of all' Salrits; w.V. - llTiit.f we are promised that if : Da- Iwet keep it- - that wo shall find wisdom 'and great; treasures5 6f Kuowieuge, mat we Buau oave ueaua uuu strength, and the destridylttganletehall pass by us as he did 'the children; of" israel and not destroyLus. Now I would askj Arb not these promises worth more to us than' all the treasures of this world? And yet wo, poor erring hu'manlty,wili not live to obtain these blessings but to satisfy the cravings of a depraved appetite, will disregard the laws of hearth that are laid down- in plainness and simplclty by the Great Physician; and adapted to the capacity of the weak "and and the weakest of all Saints, and so we - must abide the penalty of our disobedience, iU v ibr we have our own agency, We have had quite a cold winter for this country. The health of the people is generally good. As ever your Sister in the - Gospel. . Phebe A. McNeiL WOMAN'S VOICE.- Dear Sistek: - : Jt The sisters of Tooele Be- lief Society are trying to. do their; duty, rin caring for the poor and ministering to, 4o sick and striving to iraprovp In. all good works, and to be united as a band .of sisters ana to oe coworkers wnn ine Dreinrea in building up the kingdom of God upon the uK-- -i earth. t' y j There has been considerable sickness here this winter, coughs, colds ,and , eofe throats have been iquiteHpreyaIent,7ipme children have died most of them:wihilurig complaints; a great many peopjje, iaye Jpn - . afflicted rhem;aism ; Twith-'.''inflammatory,- .- but we are told "whom the Lord ioveth Ho chasteneth," therefor; we i mu8t:;ac- - mrrn) art era iha honrt nf t dru In .oil fVilnrro He has said Ho will whavo a tried people, and we have the promise .that If. we will keep his commandments r and. do hfs will in . all things and observe tho 'Wprd. ofVfs-dom,- " - that the destroyer shall passi,fcyapur doors. I feel to exhort myj brethren and Bisters 10 rememoer inese prorAises auu ,u bo humble and prayerful;.-yea- , to attend ijfo private devotions for, we cannot: ;bor without prayer. I think through , the observance Of these : duties Qurheftrta will dh . enlarged our.: minds enlighten ed and we will become intelligent;, store our minds Lwhhr.knowledgejv.spj.tat. whence lay our i bodies down andpss behind the veil, we shall.be ablo to atiyanco in the scale of intelligence and light Mf 61! I pray God to help us:to oyejrcomiajlvQpr weakness and that He ,i will: .inspire LQur - hearts to do his will; it is no Ht tie be a Saint, but let us try toibo, eaintsjnee. ' With many good, Wishes forj thOiifiuccessj pf Uho; ExpoHeut; and hoping for j a irlght iuiuro ior dJion; uesinng n jniereavp uo fai th and prayers, of; my sisters.; ,w u6.iUr ' Ann Tate. - Latjejr-dayfialnt- fi ;we-mu- st - A . iinto Tooele, March 2, I880". . PBOGBAMME .OF CONCIT. "The "Primary Association .of FartUIagton ai me Meeiing tLouso March gave a i;oncer; 61880,1- Commencing at 7, o'clock PM . 