jYhich.Jhat I sat on a oaktjtWttersnot summer1 day"- wnfi proud ambition burn:" ing In my soul,;) ambition i to, be t great i and v known to famoi Wh sri a geht 16 wit Isper cam e, I used to thinkCit was a Jairyjantl whispered so itrangely I scarcely comprehended, bat I know its purport: s There Is no excellence without labor", you must "workoilaiot-sl- t but atmust would done it ?e' riclito Work you tain to anydegreo of botidror be useful to 5 yourself and otherdol cailght the iosplra lion of tiiec whisper; it th ri lied me th rou gh nbdr4hrough not?nIyf that oneebut after wards many times in a similar strain, Ay el he whispers 4hat cameito me away in the heart bfvthedlm,' old woods, have been a sort of talisman !mld all thesbiiting changes -Tof ati eventful life, rnti-;- . jIi!8Dmetimei think- had Jt not been for idly indulging lnfirultfe& day-dream- s, ; 1 - like ?thia Holitaryfrcomm onion, which was silent inspiration to 'me,' I might have been turn dreamer, giving imytbegfc day sf my time arid ray talents totkti on :nd romance. IWas ndt onlyubuilUifag fairy castles in 'theair,? but actually weavlhg bright car-- and sketching pictured pelfor the floors, toorbarnent nthe .walls of iithese magical mabsTbns df enchantments vBut these n ; , wbre's cautions am-ibitio- purpose, than revelling, though' delightfully, in the enchanted land of fiction. And now I fancy I hear some kind reader say, after finishing this long soliloquvj how very stupid to take us such a rambling Journey over hill and plain, skimmiog.acroBS rivers arid lakes', plunging us into the depths of - a grand old forest all to. finiah by simply an ambition i tu be testing usif great-am- i wise, to attain to fame, we must work;5 J (Welp frtititlo friends excuse this tIresomemidnight wandering, and when next we sketch a pen -- picture for you, it shall be' of bluebells aud ' hay and the days whenwe went gipsy ing." : as-':aidiu- u&' . .:.', ... ..'; r fill"" '. 'U - ' ' WOMAN'S EDUCATION JN FRANO E iFrance has, agricultural schools for girla. One of the chief is near, Bouen, which is said to .have r been begun with a capital of one franc by a Siter of charity and two little discharged prison: girls, and to be now worth $165,000, This establishment has 300 girls from six to eighteen. The farm, entirely cultivated by them, is over 400 acres in extent" Twenty-fiv- e sisters form More staff one medal than the of the French Agricultural Society has been awarded totbis establishment at Barnetel, and the pupils are in great deinand all over Normandy, on account of their skill; They go out as jate wards, gardeners, n and laundresses. Each girl has, on leaving, an outfit and a small sum of money, earned In spare hours. If they wanTFnbme,lhey can always return to Darnetelj which they are taught to regard as home, i It is noteworthy, also, that a woman has just been placed in an important educational position in France. It is Mile. Juliette Dodu, who has been appointed by M. Jules Ferry delegate-genera- l for the inspection of the 'schools established for the reception of little childrenj under six years of age. - Mile. Dodu last year received the ribbon of the Legion of Honor for splendid conduct during the war. of-teache- farm-mana-ger- s, dairy-wome- "Atjht.Em. ; f .. .rjj--- ' , ' t .lit. Women like hf r," said , speaking of Madame Roland, will always make themselves a place, but tbey will ' Sainte-Beuve- , l . , te Hi; ara . jwrQrders from the country promptly responped U.np Address, David Jame,Box $$ Bait Lake City. R0EItinit B. RATT, rnirszcziiij aud nunocou, to Old Constitution TJuUa'nf, itlars, Besidenoe six blocks east of Post Offloe, louth lldt of treeL ; i.-., Special tudy, naa been Hvn to Obstetrics, diseases of Women, and. ..x'OFPICB-U- p - :. -- . , DISEASES of the EYE 4 ND EAR A LARGE STOCK OP HOME MABF TRTJKKS f4r ale by JOHN C. CtTT-LKA rent of ibe PBOVO WOOLEN MILLS. Old R. Constitution Halldlngr, IT also IIome-Ma-de Brown Tarn, Wblt Tans, Colored Yarns, ' CassiraereSt Tweeda, Blankets, Fiaunets, 8h i wis, Llnsejg, ' Jeftns, Palace o Fashion, iVb. Cotton BattiRr, Wool Batting Brooms, 'Washboards, Brushes, fcc. Bait t Temple Street. 17 ' C, II. DYE 1 Desires the ladies of Salt Lake and those visiting- Conference to can at her show rooms and see ber new stock The lUit and moon stylish mod of of MILLfNBKY Hats Btd Bonnets In Straw, Felt and Velvet. Also a nice selection in Kiowers. Feathers, Fmshes, Velret and ttlb bons in theiawt sbades and strtprs" Country cealers. pfrase call ladies' Hair work in all Its branches. Qoo wore f uaranteed. I V. - . z. o. im:. i. . Wholesale and Retail Deallnf in all kinds of DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GMOCEMIES, SEA VY AND SBELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QVEENSWARg, AGRICULTURAL JMPLEMNETS, &o. AT TBASDEL'S cmr - SAtvr : - x.aiic ,. T -- Special jdepartmeDto : for Gfent V Clothlpg and Carpel, Ladies and Children VSboei, Dry Goods, Shawls and Domestics, Groceries, Hardware DRIED FRUITS -.- 1 and n Stoves. : of all CLASES WANTED. 5 ' Most Wrlt OFRCE: :ev-.-- PRinrs CJam First Oiuirarateedt.' A Tmroved Manner. Suit tht Times and maiH ST., OPPOSITE SALT LIKE HOUSE. P. o; - uox'Sil. "i FRENCH HAIR STORE Ladles are requested to call and examine the nest complete assortment of Carls, Braids, Switches, Etc. t at Keduced Prices, All kinds of Hair Work made up in the mest Artlstls f F. ;AUERBAGkT& BROTHER, tip EASrjTEMPLB Street, Saw Laks Cfrrr. Five hundred piece of Dr Goods, embroideries. Buck lagt. Fit Hundred pain Kid G lores, Trimmings, Ladiea Ties, Cu ' anCoIla rs 100 Cartoon of Bihbonfc Largest Wbo!eajIllUaery Stock In the Wetu tCottoat Doota ana 8boes GenU and Beyr Clotlinf tod Farsahlnff Eto. to. gOoai. , ....... . 71 EOjuball Block. HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW ' iti TP not. sb wine at atua. Mil a ram 1n the NfiW 1 Ideas in Sewing Mseblhe Const rue Uon The New Machine Is elejrant in appearance and admirable in operation, runs rer? easily and without .ny noise ad confusion, altboufh the rate of speed is very high. Its seft of spriors setting and elr threading hu'tle, and absence Be sore to and cots renders lr both simple and durable. see it, for its general advantages will make jou Its friend., III. Victor Machine Cp-wen iihraiW An'mn . Sewing O. C. NEW. 8PfUNC STOCK. s JOSEPHINE GREGORY, Salt LaksClty. . "higher..educatlonlMi vWhoiepbilosopHy of what Is unpleasantly called ,the .wcman uestion is summed up in ;tljese yrttte IVled of original Intellectual force, creator, j organizers, directors, iwheiher of,. humari thought or human affair a, are not" common; but.womeq of .this type great deal less common .jthari men. It is worth whlle fjf -- ATTENTION PAID B FECIAL to Filling and Preservlngr the alural teeth. Teeth , Carefully Extracted. False Teeth Inserted from one tooth to a Poll Set, jn the , have sometlmeai tbought that the whole truth! aboatiitle hackneyed, matter of the i BEITIST. . v hrt noUee, Repatrl on Fampfl -. ijs- ; - ?y, '' RUMSEY'S CELEBRATED riet 'new-mow- n -- Buceeuor to Mitchell A jaunts,) - ns' " We-hav- e j they awakened higher thoughts and nobler r for a field of tiua nse- fulness ti ciiWelljmy soliloquy is ended, and I will jome back from the kibarmin memories of the pasty to the green.pastuj'es and Bmiling s8unfehIneof :the:happy.valleys ih the mouny tains; arid still methinks I bear a soft whiswhich ibid me work st illac-t- i per r velyy earriestlydiligen liy, faithfully, not for hoflor br fame, 6r any earthly re ward , foratheyiare all "hollow, hollow;"; but td elevatej to strengthen, to comfort and .to i)less those4 around mer that the dream of my ttolldhootiy With its; impassioned earniin a 'measure ful- ings, may beat-iengt- h fill cdi trestless longinga partially realized ; ;nol cas I wagnWDnt toilthlhk In the "long ago," by a brilliant tcareeiy but an inner consciousness of having sought and found a 6tteriLy.& make "arrangements on a large scale for the careful and costly frai hi rig of boys, which 1 1 " would bo foolish and extravagant ito Jmake.f for glrlstbecause In thb one case there' is:a probability that the proportion jo the whole df those who are worthy of such ; training, though sma, will be suflScient to repay the ou itlay, and in the other there is no such probability r The woman of genius, when she comes, mustmake her own place, and Salute Beuvo tells, and experience, shows us,;that she will. And when the lack of severe training is apparent In the ) produc- tiOna of such a woman, we may partially t console ourselves by reflecting that she, probably, of all gifted creatures,, can best dispenso with formal discipline. Heaven itself cannot hinder that her genius should ba feminine that is to say, of the kind which appropriates unconsciously, which divines mysteriously, which combines and arranges With an instinctive but invincible sense jof harmony ndproporlionrAnd ij would sometimes seem as if the free flowering of such a genius were actually checked, regults distorted, by a, too jnd its finest: externaTenrichmcnt"': WItnesslheT n i fin He asides i n Daniel Deronda. Wi Preston in April Atlantic. t JChago, n. Rluav Agent, lalt Latae lty. -- I3I3SrW"OOIErZ". FURNITURE Feathers iajper ' BPiRING BEDS. WIRE .MATTKE8J3ES. A BY CAB RI A 0Ei8.-7- 5, i &J9 lint tmKSi;? OIi. 