WO MAN'S 18S A MEMORIAL OP ALICE AND PHCEBE CAREY - BY HANNAH T. KING. There is a fine lesson to be learned from the lives of these two celebrated women, the sweetest female poets of America, as well as some prose works of merit. They were, very remarkable women, and came of a remarkable family. Their native home was in the Miami Valley eight miles north of Cincinnati, Ohio in a"Iow, small houae," situated on a small farm; Alice first saw the light on the 26lh day of April, 1820, and Phoebe, her companion, on September 4, 1 824. Their parents were uncommon characters, and were descended from an English ancestor, SlrTiobert Carey, in the reign of Henry the Fifth of England. They were very proud of their descent, especially Phcebe, who had a ring made bearing their coat of arms, which was taken off her finger after death. Their full coat of arms, richly emblazoned and framed,' hung in their library after they had a home of their own. Their father bore the same name as this renowned cavalier, and was a man of superior intelligence, of sound principles, and a blameless life. He was especially fond of reading romances and poetry, bat early poverty and hard pioneer life left him no timefor acquiring more than the merest rudiments of a common education; he had a want of confidence in his own judgment, which was inherited in some measure by his offspring. He was a loving father, sang his children to sleep with holy hymns, and habitually went about his work repealing the graod old Hebrew poets and tho sweet and precious promises of the New Testament of our JLord. For him the common life of a farmer was idealized into poetry; g springtime and harvest were miracHS, and dumb animals became companionable; horses and cattle would follow him, sure to receive a kind word a gentle pat, a few grains of corn, or a lump of salt or sugar. In his youth he mu3t have been handsome six feet in height, well proportioned with black, curling hair, bright brown eye's1, slightly aquiline nose, and beautiful teeth. His daughter Alice most resembled him of any of his children, and they ever loved to bo together, seeming entirely congenial to each other. In her was reproduced not only his form and features, but his mental, moral and emotional life-lon- g over-recurrin- nature. The wife of this mau, and the mother of his children, was blue eyed and beautiful. Alice said: "My mother was a woman of d superior intelligence, and of good, life; in my., memory she stands apart irom all others wiser, purer, doing more than any other woman." Phcebe said of her, "She was tho wonder of my childhood; she is no less a wonder as I recall her now. How she did so much work, and yet did it fo well! How she reared carefully and governed wisely so large a' family of children, and yet found , time to develop by thought and reading a mind of unusual strength and clearness, is still a mystery to me." She was fond of history, politics, moral essays, biographies, and works of religious controversy. When we remember that this woman was the mother of nine children, who performed the labors of her household with her own hands, that she lived in a rural district, aloof from the larger interests and busy thoroughfares of men, we can lorm a truer estimate of the superiority of her mind, and the strength well-ordere- -- ofher character,; her children truly "rose EXP ONE NT. up and called her blessed; her husband also, and he praised her. Such, in brief, were the parents of Alice and Phcebe Carey; you can trace their characters in that of their two daughters in a remarkable degree. As I said, they were a gifted family. A daughter, Bhoda, who died young, Alice long and bitterly mourned, and always said she was the most talented of any of the family. For the first fourteen years of the lives of these two girls, they were little drudges, working early and late to help procure an existence and ."keep out of debt." Alice said: We hungered and thirsted for knowledge, but there were not a dozen books in the house, nor a library within reach; there was no chance to learn but in a little district school down the road, and I nQver went to any other." Think of what self helpers they must have been to become the extraordinary writers and workers they were in after life! When Alice was fifteen this beloved and venerated mother died, their lives then be. came one of loneliness and sorrow, all ambition for a time seemed to be buried in the grave of this lamented mother and their beloved sister Rhoda. Their walks were now solitary, generally terminating at the little family burial place on a green hill that rose in sight of their home. Alice's first published poem was entitled "The Child of Sorrow," she being then in her eighteenth year. One of the severest criticisms passed on her early poems was, that they were full of graves. Dear, mourning girl! How could she escape from writing songs of sorrow, when they were written on the grave of her mother and sister? How severe'and imrighteoua is the judgment of a cold, insensate world! After a time Alice began to publish, and without hope of a present reward was sending her verses through the land astray, they chiefly finding shelter In tho periodicals and journals of the Universalist Church, in which the family Was- reared. The "La. dies' Repository"tof Cincinnati, and "Graham's Magazine," were among the leading one3 that accepted and published her earlier verses. From Dr. Bailey, of the "Era," she received the first ten dollars as a gratuity, when she had written for him for some months, the first money ever earned by her pen! Afterwards sh had a small stipulated sum for contributions to his paper. Time rolled on, and Alice wrote and published her "Pictures of Memory," which Edgar Allen Poe pronounced the mo3t mu-sically perfect lyrics In the English lan- . guage. Now the names of Alice and Phcebe Carey began to 'appear in the corners of newspapers and magazines, with songs that followed and had fixed the attention aud won the affection of some of the best hearts and minds iu the land, among them Whit-ti- er had writt'. n the sisters words of appreciation and encouragement. In 1849, the editor of "The Tribune," Horace Greeley, vinited them in their own home, and thus speaks of the interview: "I found them, on my first vi3it to Cincinnati early in the summer of 749 and the afternoon spent in their tidy cottage on "Walnut Hills," seven miles out of the city, in the company of congenial spirits, since departed, Is among the greenest oasis in my recollection' of scenes and events long past." In November, 1850, Alice Carey, broken s In health, sad In spirit, with little money, but with a will that nothing could daunt, an energy and patience which no pain or sorrow could overcome, started alone to seek her fortune In the city of New York, - Referring to this before her death, she said : "Ignorance stood me in the stead of courage; had I known the world, I dare not have done it." To be continued. A SCHOOL ENTERTAINMEN T. The people of Gunnison had the pleasure of witnessing an entertainment, given by the school childrenThursday evening April 22nd, under the directorship of their teacher, Miss Lizzie Stevenson. The Choruses by the shcool, "Welcome to all," "Always cheerful," "I'll think of these things," e'tc.; the duet "Joyfully' sing,'' by Sarah Metcalf and Violet Gledhill; the-- solos "Kiss her rosy cheeks for me" and now I lay me down to sleep," by Adelaide Lisonbee and Eliza Knighton; the recitations, "A visit from St. Nicholas," "What we shall do in the different kinds of weather" and "The Donkey's Lesson,"by Hattie Kearnes, Niels Hanson and Austin W. Kearnes; the Tableau "The Evening Prayer;" a recitation "We are six little girls" by Emma Metcalf, Amanda Lisonbee, Annie Jenson; Annie Kearnes, Mary Bardsley and Hannah Han. son; a charade "The Masterpiece" by Aug. usta S wolberg, Sarah Metcalf, August Swal. berg and George Pickett; Interspersed with oigan solos by Master Albert Tallstrup, were all such gems and rendered so pleas, antly, that it would bo difficult to say which was the gem of gems. It was a feast to the hearts as well as the minds of those present. Their delighted countenances, told bow highly it was appreciated. Parents and friends of the; children; were surprised, delighted; proud of their children, and grateful to Miss Stevenson, for bringing out the talent, that needs but to be helped along and encouraged f to shine and give joy. M iss Lizzie Stevens is loudly and deservedly praised for her perseverance In training the pupils. She Is as energetic as she is amiable, and as a teacher gives great eat. isfaction. She Is at present on a visit to her home In Salt Lake City. We wish her a pleasant time, and a safe return. 5 T H- M. who attempted the assassination of Kin Alphonso, was executed at Madrid When the custom of banging the hair goes out, how many grown.up women will look at the photographs taken in their teens and wonder how they could have been such, idiots! And how many of those photo, graphs will be hidden away, mutilated and Otero, otherwise banged. earnestness no. man is ever great, or does really great things. He may be the cleverest of men. He may be brili. ant, entertaining, popular; but he will want picture was ever weight No painted that had not in it the depth of shad ow, Peter Bayne. Without soul-movi- ng ! ! A $1,000 Guabantebu Warner's Safe Kidney and Liver Cure, will positively cure Bright's Disease and. Diabetes;' and it Is guaranteed that U will also cure 9 9. per cent, of all other kidney .diseases, 95 per cent, of all liver diseases, and will bejp, !a every case without Injury to the system, when taken according to directions, and the sum of $1,000 will be paid to 'any person who can prove that it lias failed to do this H. H. Warner A Co. -- 