WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 164 -- that would be particularly inspirational in THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Edltor. - bearing and effect. It would be educational, too, in the best and highest sense of the term, V' as pertaining to literary work. .'7 "But happy they, the happiest of their kind ! Whom rentle stars unite, and la one fate Their hearta, their fortunes, and their beinfs blend." ' The steady advance and onward march of . Pablhshcd smi-monthl- y, . in Salt Lake City, Utah. , Terms: One copy one year, $2.00, one copy six months, Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising 1.00 MSKic square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.tX, per month, 13.00. A literal discount to regnlar adrertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council Business hours flouse, South Temple Stieet. from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday. Addressitll basiness communications to Publisher Womjlk'b Expoimrr, Salt Lake City, Utah.. this Latter-da- y to-da- SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 1880. HALF A CENTURY. ir Fifty years have now elapsed since the Church of Jesus Christ in this dispensation was organized. Six members only were present on that momentous occasion. Their names will be memorable during the annals of all time, as the oiigioal founders of a kingdom which will continue to grow and thrive and it crease, until a people are prepared for the second advent of Christ upon the earth. These six men who composed he organization were Joseph Smith the Prophet, Hyrum and Samuel H. Smith, his brothers, David and Peter Whit-ine- r and Oliver Cosrdery. The meeting was a very quiet and unpretentious one in itself, although ushering in the most glorious of all dispensation?, and "a marvellous work and a wender." It was held In a private dwelling-house, the residence Sen., Fayette, Seneca day the 6th day ff strange, the Annual of Mr. Peter Wbitmer, Co., New York, on Tues- April, 1830. Singularly Conference of the half will commence on the same day of the century To be sure, much ve-- y Important preliminary work had been done in different places previous to the regular organization of the Church, and considerable persecution had already been waged against the prophet and tboe who believed upon his word and aided him In his labors. There were quite a number of persons already baptized, besides those who formed the first Conference; but they were scattered, and there had not as yet been any commandment given them to gather together. In KIrtlaad, the first gathering place of the Saints, in 1835, the flrdtTwelve Apostles were called and ordained; though the revocation to call and ordain Twelve Apostles wa given in Fayette, N. Y., In 1829. Of the original quorum of Apostles only one is now living, Elder Orson Pratt. In the course of tbe fifty years which have rolled their seasons round, since the rise of thid Church, from to small a beginning, many wonderful events have transpired which fill the mind with awe in contemplation. It would be Impossible to enumerate here even a small portion of them, and it would take volumes to record them all In the most concise and elmp!e form; and though much lias been said and published, yet the half has not been told. Much of the history of the Church is still unwritten which will yet appear in drama, in poey an1 In song. And here Is a wide field for the literary talent of the young people who are desirous of being useful and promoting the cause of Zlon. Facts which, ir elaborately woven into plays, Into poetry and into songs set to music, would give an original tone and style to these classical pursuits and professions, On Wednesday, the 17th of March, .1880, at the Endowment House, In this city,MIss Annie Wells and Mr. John Q. Cannon were united In work, notwithstanding the opposition brought to bear against "it from all quarters is one of the beet evidences that it Is founded upon the "Bock of Ages,-- ' and though storms assail and heavy billows angrily beat upon it, still remains firm and unshaken. This peculiar people, though mobbed, pillaged, driven and persecuted, have kept on steadily Increasing in numbers." Some have been slain for the truth's sake, and many have jlied by the wayside in their weary travels and pilgrimage 9, martyrs to the cruelty of their persecutors; and yet the Saints many thousands in number, occupy quite a large portion of territory, and the Gospel is still being pro mulgatedi in other lands. Every year the new converts gather to these "happy valleys" from their respective countries and homes, to learn of the ways of the Lord, aid In establishing Zlon and in lifting up the ensign to all nations. What great light has come Into the world through the revelations given by the prophets during these fifty years. The fulness of the Gospel has been preached to the living and the dead, and Temples have been erected in which holy ordinances have been received, and covenants made, and keys given that reach into the eternities. How many thousands who sat in darkness have been enlightened by the torch of divine truth, and how much more might have been accomplished but for the prjudice which blinds the world, and the superstition that covers the earth like a mantle of darkness. In this year there is every reason to believe great events will transpire. We are most certainly on the eve of great changes, and no one can tell what a day will bring forth. The coming Conference will no doubt be one of prophetic significance, as it will mark a particular period of time, wh'cn fact will be recognized by all who regard sptcial times and event? as turning points in the history of the Saints Church Everywhere, where Latter-daa e,among all nations,the 6th of April now near will be remembered as the anniversary of one of the mst auspicious dajs .that ever dawned upon tbe sons and daughters of God. Songs, and Ho3annas, and prayers of thanksgiving and praise will ascend on high, and the mu of Saints In all lands will rejoice together for the blessings vouchsafed to the people o -- , HOME AFFAIR8. We will publish in our next iasuo fuller particulars of the Sisters' Conferences in Salt Lake and Ogden. It seemg strange Hay the blessings of our Father in heaven rest upon tbe people in great abundance, through his Holy Spirit, on that important d anniversary wherever the Saints may be together to worship. And here In this centre Stake of Zton may the g'ad hallelujahs ascend in jiyful and swelling choruses to gath-there- heaven for the man! fold blessings bestowed, for the peace, plenty and prosperity thathave crowned the efforts made by this people during the fifty years of the Gospel dispensation. Small in the beginning as this Church was, obscure and unknown to the world as were its a living monument founders, it stands of poorer, and the memory of those remarkable men who met together in that solemn Council half a century ago to obey the voice of tbe LorJ, will on that day be fresh in the heart of Saint. every Latter-da- y to-da- The Sisters' Quarterly Conference of Weber Tabernacle in Ogden Stake was held In the City, Thursday and Friday, March ts ' y that a'ter so much has been published in regard to correspondents giving their real name, that we should be under the necessity of repeating again that we cannot publish articles, or 'poems, unless they will furnish the editor their full name. Initials are no better than a nom deplume. y God. the holy bonds of matrimony, the ceremony being performed by JPres. Wells, the father of the bride. Mr. Cannon is the eldest son of Mrs. Elizabeth H. and the Hon. George Q. Cannon, who are both at present in Washington, D. C, and is connected with the editorial staff of the "Deseret News" and "Juvenile In. structor. The bride is the daughter of Mrs. E. B. and Pres. D. H. Wells, and as our readers are doubtless aware, is an occasional contributor and editorial assistant to the Woman's Exponent, having filled the editorial chair on several occasions during cur absence from the city. In the evening a pleasant party of relatives and friends assembled at the residence of tha bride's parents, to celebrate the happy occasion. Congratulations and good wishes were liberally bestowed, and manyexqulBlte, elegant wedding-gifts, tokens of love and friendship, were presented to "the young' couple. During the evening a telegram of congratulation was received from Brother and Sister Cannon, expressing also their regret at not being present. Refreshments were served toaJl, and the evening passed oil happily in social and sweet interchange of kindly feelines. It is neeedlefs to add that we wish our children all tbe joy and happiness possible for m ortals toattain to. y, lti-tud- MARRIED. -- . 18 and 19, Mrs. Jane S. Richards presiding. Pre; John Taylor and Sisters E. R. Snow and Zina D. Young,. of Salt Lake Cty, attended and took part in the Conference, which was an exceedingly important and interesting one. Pres. Taylor was specially invited by the children of the Primary Association. Apostle F. D. Rich ards, Pres. Peery and Counselors, and man Bibhops and other brethren of the county attended the meetings. The Sisters' Quarterly Conference of Salt Lake Stake was held In the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms Friday and Saturday, March 19 and 20, commencing at 10 Ai M. and 2 P. M. each day. The flrat day was especially devoted to the representation of the various branches of the Relief Society in this county, Mrs. M. Isabella Home presiding. The morning was occupied in reading written reports; in the afterive presidents, and interesting addresses were made by Pres. Home and ' ber Counselors, a Taylor and Sarepta M. Hey wood.'; A. Saturday morning was' the Y. L. Mi I- Conference! Mrs. ' Mary; "JL1 Freeze pressing. Written and herbal reports occupied the early part of the mornlngafter which the meeting El-ml- na Seveka.Ii obituaries are laid by for lack of space. We would also sty again that we do not publish obituary poems, except in rare 