WO MAN ' S LONGING. I've often wlehed that I might lift the covering Of yonder ehadowy home where loved oaes rest, Freed from the toll and care around me hoverlog, I sad and lone, they mingling with the blest. If I could live for more than fifty yean, Hoping and waiting for my hour to come, No yoico from them could reach my mortal ears, No word to cheer me on my Journey home. Though years have past since in the, grave we laid tlem Their calm, sweet features yet I plainly see; The grave's dark depths my mind will of tea fathom, And bring them back with loving thought to me. If I could see their spirit-hom-e surroundings, If but one glimpse for I would like to know. If whealhe went tbe Father gathered reuod him The little ones ire burled long ago. Sat if try to trace, with gentle fancy. roturaed to realms above, The spirit-lifMy mind refuses in the search to aid m- tI can do nought but trust them to His love. "God knoweth bestl" If I could be permitted To se them in their home of love and light. With this dark world 1- might not be consented. The brightness there might dim my earthly sight. I e - E. A. Binnion. MOTHER. i : -- , . . ; re-unite- , d. be-twe- en 4 Ob, let us esteem that blessed gem, More precious than aoy diadem ; An humblo rustici or lady fair The motherly love alike is there. She to whom we all owe our ex- creature! istence. The one who of all on earth is most tender and affectionate. Do we appreciate her? No, not fully, until we are bereft of her, and left to feel the pangs of an orphan's heart. Tis then we realize that home bereft of mother is a most lonely and desolate place. The memory of that dear one then comes vividly to our minds and we behold the many testimonials of her love and devotion, and our conduct toward her then presents itself to.view. We plainly behold the path that we have trod, and we sincerely reflect upon our past deeds. If wo have in any way assisted her in her daily labor, given her a comforting word in an hour of affliction, or caused one ray of sunshine to gladden her pathway or lighten her burdens, it will cause our hearts to rejoice and we will feel, though mother has left us and our mortal eyes cannot behold her, yet she may be lingering near us, or pleading with our Father for the protection oi her offspring whom she has left In this world of trials. But on the other band, if we have been disobedient, spoken harshly, or caused a load of sorrow to overshadow her'bfow, it will bring grief to our hearts and though she may have forgiven us all those Tittle imperfections, yet they cannot be erased from our memories. Oh,!let tisfwho have mothersspared' usf take warning and march firmly by her side 'through the wearisome journey of life, and 'thase from herbrow the shadows which are liabla to gather there, lor we are her hope and pride, the heighth of her ambition and the main object or her creation; and in yeara to come will. find ner the truest friend on earth. She is.trueifrom the time we breathe thq .first breath, through all the changes of life; she carefully watches us through infancy and youth, and tries to indelibly print upon our minds the stamp of virtue, and to direct us fia the narrow path, until finally, .wjben. time rolls .round,, she .sees, her child kneel at the altar, her eyes beaming'with joy and tier heart. filled with bright .hopes for, the iuture, j ust as srto hd formerly done to, ufffte 'her",J estiny with a companion for' life. '6he looks calmly on, yet is fervently praying for the prosperity of the wedded pair. She is still with ns in heart, shares alike our joys and sorrows all through life, until we are finally embraced in tbe cold arms of death, should she sur 187. vive us, and then the ties of affection are not severed she still looks forward and has hope to embrace her dear ones in eternity, and again have the family ties Ye3, mother i? one of our truest earthly friends; 'tis she who helps to relievo our many wants, stands by our bedside in sickness, and when all the earth beside is deaf, she listens attentively to all our griefs and woes; she may be apparently indifferent at times, but she is always first to rescue her child from danger; she will8 eveii stand us and death, and though all earthly friends have faltered, she is still the same true friend, and is ever willing to point out to the erring child the way in which it should walk- - She will plead for the victim, evenafc the scaffold, though she may know his crimes deserve death. Yet there is a tie of affection that binds him to her, and a feeling of love that she cannot suppress. O children, let the tendiils Of thy love and affection twine round thy mother's heart, that she may have strength aud hope and something tangible to stimulate her through all the trials she may be called upon to pass through. name! That blessed Oh, that heaven-bor- n PONE NT. A LORENA. Monroe, May, 1880. LIFE. Life is a terraced mountain the only communication between the walks thereof is steep and of difficult ascent. He who would walk in a higher plane must climb the dividing steep hillside by indefatigable and persevering application of both mind and body to overcome, inch by inch, the resisting obstacles, until his feet are planted on the coveted plane above, only to see another just above him, but not quite so difli-- . cult of attainment. Each terrace is wider, more beautiful and conducive to happiness, and above all nearer to heaven. The virtues cling closer to you, while the evil attributes wither for the want of native nour- ishment, and all live nearer the purer lriw yes, above .the law, for such is a la w of justice, righteousness, peace and honor unto Wo wearily, t but not fainting, himself. keep climbing, gaining new strength, new life, light and wisdom at each victorious ascent, until at last, with the flag of Excelsior clasped with the grip of steel, our hearts burning with joy and gladness, our d eyes flashing with the pride of a a mansion victory, we behold the of indescribable beauty and glory, surrounded with the last terrace, adorned with all tho beautiful given the earth as a halo of life, light and loveliness, which only the end" purifying powerof "integrity unto-thenables one to endure the proximity. But honors refine and strengthen until the dauntless one approaches the Portals of Bliss and lightly touches the doorbell of pure diamond, glowing like living fire, and the door openg and one arrayed in white, transflxingly beautiful, the tongue is dumb, no more can bo told. She smiles, and with a sweetness of voice of ten thousand silver bells, says; "Cornel I welcome you home." The breath is suspended with awe and reverence,and bending low he steps within the portal the vision of loveliness beyond; he turned to tell the glad tidings, but the angel placed her finger on her Hps, every lineament of which is grace and mercy, and. his lips are sealed. But follow up this aid uous path, fraught CORRESPONDENCE. Smitii field, April 26, 1880. Dear Editor: We must send you a few items from this part of the world sometimes, to let you know that we aro alive. For some reason not known to us we are left out in the cold, and have no Stake I beiive all the Relief Societies throughout the Territory are organized t '. into Stakes except Cache Valley. What ' we have done, or what wo have not done, to be served so is past our comprehension. The Relief Society of this place is trying to keep pace with our sister societies in doing good. The past winter has been a severe one, and it has taxed our President, Sister Adeline Barber, to the uttermost to find out and care for those who might otherwise suffer ; and though we come out of the contest with a depleted treasury, I believe none have suffered from want. On the 29th of March, the sisters of the Relief Society gave a farewell dinner to our honored Bishop, who has been called on a mission to Great Britain. He has been a friend and counselor to the Relief Society ever since its organization, and we felt it was nothing but right to show our respect to one so tried and true., A committee was chosen, who got up the following resolu- tions; Beloved and Honored Bishop We, the sisters of the Relief Society, wish to tender unto you the gratitude of our hearts for tho brotherly care with which you have watched over us as a Relief Society, and for . the good counsel you have given us. Inasmuch as you have been called to go on a mission to the nations of the earth, we unitedly resolve to pay this tribute of respect to you. Resolved, That, whereas you are going to preach the Goapel in a foreign land, we will unitedly sustain you with our faith and . prayers. Resolved, That In your absence we will be diligent in obeying your counsels, in looking after tho poor, caring for the sick and administering comfort wherever it Is needed. Resolved, We realize tho loss we shall sustalu in your absence, but still we say, Herald of Salvation, at thy Mas. ter's call! be of good cheer, Ho that has Go, thou watched over thee in the past will guard thee in the future. Search out the humble and holiest in heart, and bring them toZion. And may the blessings of the Lord rest upon you and your family, and. preserve them all in your absence? and may this mission add many stars to your crown, is the prayer of your sisters of Sraithfield. . Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be presented to Bishop Rokelly, a copy put upon the records of this society, and copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. r Adeline Barber, Martha Williams, Committee. Sarah Woodruff, Elizabeth Juchaw. well-earne- cap-ston- with so many trials, yet crowned: with so much good, and faint not, nor grow weary and die on one of the lower terraces. Idyl I von. e, - e nobly-earne- d 1 An invisible halr-h- et is not invisible by a long shot when carried along the street on a yoiing man's Eugenie has arrived at Capo Town, South Africa, in good health. coat-butto- , Ex-Erapres- n. a . 1 