WOMAN'S EXPONENT. TWILIGHT MUSINGS. All th3 high-waAnd people y the others are eagerly listening: it is of a battle in which he fought. Oh, I hear him say "I wore a handsome uniform, for I was Major you know." And now here comes a troop of children; they all rush up to kiss grandpa, and he is nearly buried in the evergreens ,and hemlock boughs with which they are loaded, and al- though the long room seemed decorated before with scarlet berries and evergreens, yet the girls and boys go over it again, festooning more and more, until t it seems indeed a woodland scene. One sleigh after another drives up to the door, the merry bells jingling and tinkling in the sharp frosty air, warm greetings.hearty welcomes are interchanged, and happiness beams Sadness and gloom are upon every face. is cheerful and bright, and the banished, all children's glad voices at play echo through and through, from room to room, and from garret to cellar. Can any one ever forget a picture like this, where all was love and gentleness, the mother like a ministering angel, over all, both old and young, presiding in. her home with thp dignity and grace of a queen. I see her now as she was then, tall ami majestic in figure; her dress is heavy grey pongee,she has on a snowy white apron, and a small magnificent crape shawl covers her beautiful shoulders; on her neck she wears a string of large, gold beads; her brown auburn hair i3 abundant, wavy and glossy, there is no tinge of gray; it is coiled up and fastened at the back with a vCry high tortoise-shell comb. In our day she would be designated at once, from her outward appear- grows dim in the twilight, on to and fro, piss Little ones soothed into quiet, dream-lanknow. Hive started for there with the m ramble and I wonld follow Had I but the power to go. 'Tis an hour sinco sunset has faded, I gaze through the trcmnlous air, Far away to the beautiful temple, And long, Oh, I long to be ihcre! With glad glorified spirits to worship, d Ever free from sorrow and care. shall throw off earth garments, Soiled, travel worn wrinkled and old, To bclotb2d in white purified raiment, Exceeding in lustre fine gold. And my soul shall rejoice wfth the angels The King in His beauty behold. Ilere I stretch out my hands through thedarknese Far over the t Hence of night, And my heart eries throughout the dim twilight For forms that have vanished from fight. AJid I read precious names on the marble, Through tears that are blinding the light. Ketwecn me and that glorious City, Rise darkly tli3 graves of my dead; Veiling over the bright gate of glory, have fled. Through which the storm-driveAnd in weakness I monrn for ties riven, Though sad tears, they never more shed. 0, there I n Tet I watch through the dim evening's twilight, And list to the wild breakers roar, "Mark the swift flowing tide of the river, Tb.it fends back the weird, "nevermore," And I eih for a glimpse of that Country, Away on the "Evergreen Shore." I,. M. THE DISTANT SHORE. Td dinner 'lis a struggle a gasp and a leap beyond, To t&s distant and unknown shore Meet veil,- - those who have gone before. have trod the path that the aged have trod. The youth and the Infant form We'll have traveled tho road that all must tread. The Ignorant great and 6mall. We'll think a3 we tread th? path of life That our journey may soon be o'er? That we'll meet with those that have passed the vdl, - With those who have gone before? Do we Anh Fellows, HOLIDAY PICTURES. the walls of every homestead, they are part and parcel of the ornamentation of the "old house at home." We can fchut our eyes and trace with artistic skill the graceful outlines, the sweet, soft touches, and fancy echoes the silvery music of the gentle voices that thrilled with tremulous emotion, when the tender greetings were exchanged and the good-b- y died away in the distance. Memory paints one sublime and glorious picture which' haunts me constantly at the holiday They hang around season. An old house brown with age on which the half a century tave beat relentlessly, trees and shrubbery now aldoors that leaflc?s,and wide storms of surrounded-wit- most h old-fashion- ed pen into broad and spacious rooms, where all ' light and warm and cheerful. Blazing fires n the s mat hearth of the shapeless W and reflect all sorts of curious shadows on the walls and nolished furniture: some middle-Jed Dermic nrp Ktnnrlincr there: I see it w the lather Wli other relatives.r iW"tU.l If 1111 unTnp iv M one very old gentleman is telling a tale, pine-knot- I 7 well-deserv- . For more than thirty years she asked for tho died right of 'citizenship for women. But praise subject. What i possible a disfranchised , e.. so i ean snuiueim nine ot this dear saint . or relieve tiro hollow sound of eulogy from Uiofe rM ' --- It is said that the students of Cornell versity have almost practice of smoking. Uni- entirely abandoned the LuOOKlVll I- JLVtyte i?ujj;iv ..t. i wiuji'wv) n.. ln irimi'in "win-hil " But would it rVUv Ar . j v, clia ffiivp lier life. who are. DTCat3i nAflicr uvtmen ' ' a .... wm'v it-philanthropists, great as statesmen, great pass away. Sarah Grimke, Angelina j Weld, L. Maria Child and Lucretia Mott, each 1 l aA tho nrrf in whieh thev lived. Thoir virtues are extolled when they are dead. But the great objects to which they devoted limp strength, monev and life, are left unaided who are foremost to by the majority of those sound their praise. It may be to the credit of Mich persons that they are able to appreciate But it the worth and work of these women will add nothing to their own credit that they chums pt self-denyin-g Tl build Mrs. Mott a monument. not be more suitable that men who now praise Mrs Mott, who have not helped, but rather hindered, her great claim for equal rights for women, should build her a monument tall enough to have inscribed on it her great heroic, and her sweet womanly qualities; and below these let it be written: "This monument is dedicated with reverent tenderness to the men memory of Lucretia Mott, by repentant who failed to support her claim for justice to her sex, and wjio let her die held by law to the but who political level of felons and idiots, endeavors now, by this token, pledge their best to establish for women the claim to equal make!" rights which she never ceased to be paid Surely the highest tribute that can to Mrs. Mott is to carry out the idea to the queer-patterne- e, ii ucjur 1.1 vwiwni:' I lie" d was, nor of the wonderful table old, old china, with which the was adorned, or the hearty relish with which the feast was pa rtafcen and the merry jokes that flew from lip to lip; but in the evening, when all sat round the blazing, glowing pine-knfire, and each one told a tale or sang a over the song, a sort of presentiment came mother, and though she tried hard to suppress it, the smile faded from out her dark blue eyes and the big tear drops one by one fell on her tired hands. She would not give expression to her thoughts, lest a sadness should pervade all assembled there, but the influence was felt, and she knew then, that they would never all meet again in one unbroken circle. Havft vou uatience ereutle reader to hear more? It may be that you have a brighter hohand if you day picture, in your own home, such a homehave, cherish it and enjoy it, for life is a f retaste ot heaven. Years have passed by, and those who sat side hearth-stonwent one by one by side at one out into the world, and entered into life's great battle yet that noble mother s teaching its devellingered in their heart, and through and opment they were each one's life was different. Her loving but their memory is still deeply engraven upon hearts. . The mother, in the prime of her life, worn out with trial 'and hardship, brought about faith, through persecution for her religious on the lone prairie. deeps in a nameless grave m And so you see the picture has brightness to it and rifts of sunshine, but darker shadings complete it, and make it true. to life. self-helpf-ul ed so cherished by Mrs. Mott?. d Hewi.iw. meet our friends who have passed" the The Press and the Pulpit of the country gave the most ample, cordiaL and testimony to the personal excellence of Mrs. Mott, to her superior intellectual ability, to her moral courage, to the statesmanlike qualities, and to the decisive part she took in shaping and carrying forward great national movement-, while'at the same time she maintained the in )t beautiful home life. Her death was a national loss, and was so regarded. But the question forces itself; It it was so praiseworthy that Mrs. Mott shrank from no peril to free the slave, that she stood with the first advocates of equal rights for women, with the friends of free thought in religion, and of temperance ami peace, how can those who praise Mrs. Mott justify their own failure to follow her example, or, still worse, how can they justify their opposition to these movements woman. How ance, as being a strong-mindeproud she is of her ten boys and girls; and indeed, one might think she has reason to be, for they are all bright and intelligent. She talks to them, hear what she says: "I wonder will we all meet again at the old home; how good Our Heavenly Father is!" but we will not listen longer for I see a tear in her eye and she never likes us to see her weeping. nut ten you what the Tsew England Atchison, Kansas. There we'll LUCRETIA MOTT. j j j j . UHAy refuse to aid, or are indifferent to the for justice to women and equal rights for all which Mrs. Mott upheld, and on account of which all hearts are now drawn with grateful reverence to her memory. Why will they not take up the work that fell from her hands and thus aid in only when life itself ceased, and strove carrying it forward where she longed L- S- to have it go? - Woman's Journal. Dav" will be celebrated in anPlymouth this year with an Rice, Presiniversary. Gov. Long, dent Eliot and Rev. Df. McKenzie have been invited to speak, and J. J. Fields to contribute "Forefathers' old-fashion- ex-Go- a peem. v. i&r. On Nantucket Island, Xov. 8, Mrs. months.-ShEmmeline- - Coffin, aged 7G years and 6 . Coffin, and was the wife of" Opt; Geo. 1 for fifty years the stepmother of Rev. hebe at A Hannaford, who paid a beautiful tribute at the the funeral to her excellence, and also, Lucretia same time, to their honored relative, Mott. Ex. Died. t . : 