28 V O ' - 1 ,7 .' Editor. in Salt Lak City, Utah rnWlfihcd Terms: One copy one year, $2. 00; one copy six months nn Tir.nnlM.fnr nrim of nino. AdYextisinir rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil paee, one ' time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Council , Exponent Oilicc, Lower "West Room of the House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to y, .( . rnblishcr Woman's Kxpokent, , Salt Lake City Utah. "SALT LAKE CITY, JULY lo, 1880. PLEASURE EXCURSION TO BLACK ROCK A very pleasant party of old people, almost all over the allotted three score years and ten. This company under the management of one of the most efficient and courteous committees that could possibly be formed, went out to Black Rock (via) the Utah Western Railway to spend ftiA loir m erricil nAitrorcn ofr rvri iircrla at gathered from all the ajnst. They were various parts or th tt,v. and the local regions in carriages, wagons roundabout, Htreet cars. Pres. were John by accompanied They Tayior, . Apos tle Wilford Woodruff our aged veteran sisters Elizabeth Ann Whitney and "Eliza R. Snow Smith, some other invited guests; a few newspaper reporters and some musicians were uisu members of th e party. Th a train left the Denot in this eitv at 8. 20. A. M. Tiiere were m aaaiiion io an tne? passenger cars that ould be obtained eight flat car all .Jury crowded, The ride to Black Rock was agreeable in every respect, nothing occured to mar jthe enjoyment of any, and the weather was most propitious. Arriving at the destination about half past nine. A star spangled banner was' streaming from a high point of the Mt.,just by the Gran tsville brass band under the leadership of Bro., James Ratclifle and in handsome brand new uniform, HI li greeted x,ne party wiui excellent music; 1'res . F. M. Lyman arid his assistants had prepared a bowery, tables and every convenience nvuTul to make the old, people comfprUbie with lumber, waaron cover and .materials from Tooele. then ts of every kind imaginable had been brought and were soon served,buckets of lemon-ad- o were prepared and all who wished were furnished with hot water for tea. The 7th,ward band led by Bro. Wm. Foster played some lively music and some of the old people were invited to dance. Father Colborn one of Zion's Camp aged 79,danced a hornpipe like a young boy; also Elder Samuel Neslen 73 ofS. L. City, Amos Mc Bride Grantsville 84, and Wm. Jenkinson 10th,WardS. L. City 72,(blind.) Sister Eastham of Grantsville and Scotch Ann of 15th Ward S. Ii. City. The company enjoyed the oocasion in meeting with old friends and in bathing in the calm placid and exhilarating waters of the celebrated Salt Lake. A number of old people from Tooele Co.,camo to meet those from the city,and participate in the social festivities. At one o'clock P. M., exercises were commenced in the bowery. Prayer was offered by Elder C.hapman, Wm. Foster sang 'The Merry ,r nil Irnnlntr ... In (hn lni.n' xn Mnrmnns s.i j , 0 viivauo. i caiuiug j Bishop Edward Hunter; Chairman of the Excursion Committee made a few fatherly and in- iviimh aiv, liunier J9 now eo years of age and is still fill pf life and Vigor. Bro, 1 A V 1 1 - Re-fre- sh . 7 ' "8 ;B X POTENT . . ..... , - IOIMELINE B WKI,LS, .... N . THE WOMAN'S, .EXPONENT. BCroi-montbl- M; A , Beers sang "The down hill of fife." Sister Leyisage aged 93 gave a page of fcer experience and sang a verge 6f the hymn "Xow let us rejoice in the day-o- salvation," Elder Neslen sung "The King of the Cannibal Islands" nearly all the old people! joking in the chorus. The, oldest man for when Wm. Wilding aged 97 came forward. A Duet by Broi and Sister Moss "We've lived and loved together." This aged couple have lived Jwppily;together,k.abbut; 53 years, and have had 121 children. Elder Samuel Neslen and his wife Sifter Eunice Neslen have beet! wedded 51 years, and lived in perfect harmony during the entire period. They have had 12 children 53 grandchildren and C great grandchildren. President Taylor at the request of the committee addressed the assembly. He blessed the people and those who had so thoughtfully remembered the "old folks." He expressed his pleasure at being present to witness so much happiness; remarked it was proper to pluck as many flowers as possible in the journey of life; spoke of the blessings of the everlasting Gospel, and that this was what had brought so many of us together under such. favorable circumstances, for which we of all people on the face of the earth ought to be grateful. Said: "I suppose wTe well have a good many seventies here we are looking forward to" the future when we shall meet with those who have gone before, let us try to benefit our fellowmen and help prepare all that we can for the Celestial kingdom; let union be our motto, we must be united, cleave to God and to one another, live our religion, God, and we'll keep the commandments meet on the other side of Jordan, Hallelujah, as wfl useu to sing' isiesc tsro, uoquara ana Bro. Savage and saia jet uo u k hiaas one another and proposed three cheers or "the old and Goddard profolks at home." for cheers President Taylor, which posed three was responded to by the multitude. Bro. Savage, in behalf of the people, thanked Bros. W. W. Riter, Hooper, Jennings, Teasdel, also Walker Bros., and Alonzo Hyde and D. J. Taylor of Black Rock, and other merchants and private individuals for donating liberally towards the excursion, and the prizes for some of the oldest of the party, and generously assisting to make the old folks happy. He then proposed a vote of thanks for Pres. Lyman, of Tooele; which was heartily accorded and three loud and enthusiastic cheers were given for the "Repub- en gates" of the celestial city. Succes8 to Bishop Hunter and Brothers Sayag and Goddard, for their annual entertainment of Xhe old fniw tay they never want for; any good thing, and always meet with kindness, and a hearty God bless you from all, both young and old. was-eali- ed to-da- y; --o- f t. Bros.-Savag- e lic of Tooele." Bro. Wm. Jenkinson (blind) sang "John, the sailor.', Prizes were distrubted to those who sang, dauced, etc. Catherine Wilson, aged 87, of E. T. City, who pulled a handcart across the plains, and Daniel England, of Tooele, 81, the oldest man present, who had drawn a handcart across the plains, had prizes awarded them, also two aged sisters for making neckties from native grown silk. On of the fovorite singers of other days, Elder William C. Dunbar, sang "My dear old wife and I," in his happiest manner. The congregation sang "Praise God," and the closing benediction was There pronounced by JBro. George Goddard. were many old people from Tooele and Grantsville. Everything passed off peaceably and pleasantly, and some dear old people with whom we are intimately, acquainted declared it the happiest day of their lives. It is very beautiful to see such manifestations of reverence and respect for the aged, who are deprived of many of the recreations and enjoyments the younger and middle-ageparticipate in. God bles those who thus administer, bless, comfort and bring gladness and pleasure to the weary ones who have toiled so long in this workaday world, and who are now ne&ring the "gold d HOME AFFAIRS. The Minutes of the Quarterly Conference of the Y. L. M. I. A. of June 19th, and further remarks of President Taylor in the afternoon of that day, are crowded out again. We have several reports from Primary Asso- ciations laid by for next time, also some poetry and other ' articles; and we repeat again that we must have the real and full name of those who send articles for publication; otherwise we cannot use them. The Home Dramatic Club will appear in the 23d and 24, of July Theater on the night of the in the pretty, thrilling and romantic drama of ." Miss Keetie Hay wood will person-atthe beautiful and fascinating Lady Florence May. Mrs. Ardelle Cummings the piquant charming and interesting Rosa Leigh. The principal character Elliot Grey will be performed by Laron Co minings and Matthew Lee M. D.,by O. F. 'Whitney. Hebe M. Wellswill appear in a new role the gentlemanly villain Col. Caven-disMay. We are pleased to announce to our readers and the many friends of the young lady that Miss Mattie Paul Ifhghes received her d'qiloma on the first day of July, Commencement at the Ann Arbor University. She writes, "It was my day of days" with two hundred and four other graduates I marched triumphantly on to the great platform, where we were presented with our of tbe crowdedTHall . diplomas" amid and as we descended our. floral gifts were handed us. Mine was a basket of beautiful flowers rich "Ro-edale- e h the-cheer- a and rare." Miss Mattie goes from the University to the home of an invalid lady who resides on the banks or the St. Clair riven where she will remain until September, then go 'to the New England Hospital, Boston, Mass Preparations are being made for a magnificent display in the procession of the Pioneer Celebration on the 24th Inst., which will also be a sort of Jubilee of the Fiftieth Year sjnee the organization of therfchurch. It should certainly be a time of general rejoicing and a "day of days" for Israel. The Decorative Committee, with young ladies to assist them, are beautifying the inside of the Tabernacle, by making new baskets and wreaths of flowers and vines, making the place more fresh and attractive, and with the draping and other adornments it Mill present a charming picture. Errata. In July 1st number of the Eaiik article entitled "Byron's Mon'sbst, in ument," some typographical errors occur which mutt be corrected. The word Carebury, in the inscription, should have been are buried. I intended the inscription printed in the form in in which it is inscribed upon the tomb. Here it is, as it should be: tw Where many of the ancestors of hta Mother are buried Llo tho remains of George Gordon Noel Dyrou, Lord Byron Of Rochdale in tbe County of Lancaster Author of Cbiklo Ilarokl'a Pilgrimage. 7 . The other correction is Eternal City, which reads ns published, filernaUUy. Hannah T. Kino. Two meetings of thesisters were held at Draper on Tuesday the 13th inst. The Relief Society convened in the morning at ten, Mrs. Harriet Burn- - 