W 0 M A N S: A . FEW THOUGHTS i 1 : , To find a habiJationT -- -- Where we could worship God. We've settled here in tjtah, Where the skies are clear and bright. And built our habitations, In which we do delight. We've built tip many ctdeg, O sent .and gave some good advice; E N T. 3. also Bishop D. m cages. - Lest I w eary you with too lengthy a communication, I will elo.e, with kind regards, Four temples are in view; . , ; Which shew to Jew and Gentile! Believe Me Your Sister; What Mormon hands can do. Our sons are growings mighty, Ujion this fruitful sod; To build these holy Temples, Onto the Lord our God. .Thomas Morris. One of the Mormon Battalion. E. Bentlev, " -- X H. Cannon, lie advised the sisters to take care of what worms they had, but not to increase them until more mulberry trees could be plant- -' ,ed, so as to have plenty to feed them on; said he would donate towards buying a lot and assist in planting trees. We had hoped ere this to have had the pleasure and benefit of a visit from Sister E. It. Snow and other sisters who accompany her, but we will have patience and hope ou, and as the . railroad is coming nearer, it will not be such an arduous journey or take as much time. ' We have had quite severe weather the pat winter for this country, and considerable sickness, but at present the general health is good and the weather delightful, except when the We are in hopes- the summer will wind hlows. not, be as sultry as the last on account of there being large quantities of snow in the mountains. - There" h one thing we have superior to what you ; have in Salt Lake City, and that is the singing of the birds. We have the mocking bird and wild canary, with manyr others, who give us a morning serenade, and they have their liberty, which seems much better than to shut them up hate us rrt,nf fhniicrll Ol' hatJon contend? Saints Aixl with ' Uaylonlsh customs, phalanx strong would rend? . lf0 will still extend our borders, And make our bulwarks strong-Of Fpr the keys truth and knowledge, ' . Do unto the: Saints belong. Tbey drove us from our Temples, That we had reared with toil; Compiled to seek for shqlter, In a more oongenial spil. We crossed the Itocky mountains, And many a sandy plain, And suffered much privation, Because there was no rain. : And many a barren desert,' Our weary feet have trod ' JE Cor. Sec. Brigiiam Citv, Apache County, Arizona, May 2d, 1883. Mr, E. 7?. Dear Aynt Em: I was both amused and interested when I read your "Midnight Soliloquy," and ' hoped ; you would give us more, and of the days "YVhen you went gipsy ing." It took me back to the dear home mychildhood, although it is far away over the in fancy I saw all the old familiar Idelighted to run and gather tire fragrant wiJd flowers, ana smell tlie sweet scent of new mown hay. And I reflected like this: What if we had never heard the sound of the ppota-wher- e - Gosjxil, or having heard had not would have been our, lot in life? o obeyed, iwhat But-- havjng-- . embraced it in my youth, for the love of it, I am now blessed with a kind husband, good and af-- " - fectionate- children, 11 bom in the covenant, and a comfortable home in these peaceful vales, Which I Would not ext-hangfor all the fleeting, pleasures of the world. And who is there that enjoys such thorough contentment and peace of mind as the Latter-da- y Saints? feeling a securi- s ft ty in the valleys, or, as they are rightly culled, 'chambers of the Lord," some of them may well be compared to chambers, surrounded as they are by towering hills and lofty mountains. I think that problem, "There is no excellence without labor," must now be solved to your understanding, and had you not given heed to that inward monitor, but had continued in your day dreaming you might not have been as well prepared to fill the position you now occupy as you are. Trusting you , may never grow faint in , : spirit, Believe Me, Yours Truly, Dear Editor: E. B. fcemi-nionthl- St. George, May' '' 15, 18S0. ' .As it was decided some time to only send an annual report of our Stake ago Conference, our much respected President, Minerva Bnovr, thought it would be well to. address you- a few lines, if only to let you know that wo are still interested in all that pertains to . the welfare of Zion,'and are endeavoring to work to that end. The Relief Societies are (as far as we dire post- ed) in a healthy and prosperous! condition. - Wo' meet every two weeks to make quilts, sew car- pet rags, knit socks or any thing that is needed, ' and on the first Thursday of every month we nave a joint meeting; which is really the most interesting, as the time ja devoted to speaking, and many who go, feel well repaid for the time spent and realize that they, have had a spiritualfeast, v and that the Lord blesses his daughters as well M his sons, with his Spirit when they relyon hirii! ' 1 here are many good gisters who would like to attend, but are detained at home by domestic. unties and the care of little ones, but these are not forgotten.' last meeting was devoted to the subject' - Elizabeth Smith. . PIPSEY PAPERS. . : President McAllister was pre- - XIII. Our Exponent corner to hand freighted with good things, as usual, and as I glance over its columns and learn from the pens of my sister writers the thoughts and aspirations that occupy their minds, my heart swells with enthusiasm, and I long to join hands with them and say how and ideas. fully I appreciate their ieelings in be I know not if woman will acknowledged must she a higher sphere, but I do. know that work for her'own enfranchisement. I do not know if she is vet ready to hold jition in jjblit-iccircles, but there is a wide field ofbefore her her f ex in which to labor for the elevation of life us in meet every path and folly Ignorance bonds of the from raise 4herseif must Woihan al . r silk culture. y, . NO. I 9 organization, places him phycaf woman's finer nature shoulU in rankswhich rMuxo ocean, and en-ab- le or strength of in the north. It is a great source of comfort ad know of the generous moves that have been made at this Conference in behalf of the "Lord's with you, poor," "for the poor ye hay be an opportunia&JLtn .oy tbw wuujd always ones-tbestow more fortunate of ty for the rich, for charitable substance of their purposes. I feel are that the Saints being blest, ana will le according to their diligence in keeping all of the commandments, but when it says in. breaking one ye break all, we sometimes "think the Lord is too strict; and" our authorities wish to bind us " and take away our freedom. ? AVe are free to act, we have our agency there is "no comDUsion,-hut.--atdiand will be just and merciful, and while we are presuming on his mercy, let us be earefuL. not to arouse the indignation of an offended has called Father, Friend and Tionefanror who us all the day long and entreated us to hearken. The Word of Wisdom, President Young said, was a commandment. Do we heed his wordu? Can we trample with impunity upon them? Shall we not lack oil in pur vessels if we do not observe this law of heaven in connection w ith others: We as a people have commenced anew era and proclaimed a jubilee, let us try with renewed diligence to emancipate ourselves from the errors into which some of us have incautiously fallen. We have a Relief Society here, a Young Men's and Young Ladies' Association; hold weekly meetings have conjoint monthly meetings. The Wreath is issued edited by the young ladies. With many prayers for your success; we desire an interest in your prayers that vo may be numbered among the faithful in Zion. Yours with respect, of y aspire womanly attributes; but does man evernature to her position? Mau is a ruling spirit, with the confer elo- -qualified him, for contact Uv f mfnd and sumn- iar-of- ' pre-eminentl- -- Wdfs: Dear Sister. Your interesting and valuable paper comes duly by courseof mail and is a great source of comfort and consolation to us, situated as we are in this, f and rather isolated country. We are thankful for good mail facilities which bring at an early date the proceedings and moves that are made by our brethren and sisters CORRESPONDENCE. he. rror, and strive to enlighten her mind, that her sphere understanding maybe enlarged - and As of usefulnesswill growbroader- and-full- er the xvfe the mother, the friend, her influence" is felt In all circles; but before she can govern, must she not learn the essential elements of government? If there be women in this world materially different from those who come under our own observation, I cannot say. But as far as ee them lalwring my observation 'extends, from a common standpoint. First, home and it duties call their attention, and they seem Ju social than fitted to shine more to hold a circles. higher portion or If, political must woman a serve higher law, mingle in the mind of mansoil her lolitics of the day, must fill the which ners with the grosser elements lower organizations of the political circle, then I would sayy tfod forbid. -- liufc if there be thosu whom education and circumstances qualify for holding office the saUry of which would them to upKrt theniselyej in comfort and honor, should they be denid ,lhe "position simply because it is a government office, paidjy the revenue of the State or Territory? Sucti a wothing seems rank injustice. How many Does not men support themselves by teaching? as as much that call for intelligent labor, quite in the are deposition many of the offices which of governnjent? Does i t not' also tax a woman's. time quite as much? That woman is man's equal I would not affirm and yet how many women are infinitely his superior. Woroan in her own attributes may excel, and well perform the mission of her kind. She may be a superior housekeeper, a judicious and loving mother, an accomphhed lady, in all I mink yre ail under- stand mis, ana iew intelligent women would wish' to usurn his position. Many, howeviT, .who arelom to man's estate are not endowed with intelligence to use it wise-y- f and how many are unfitted by nature to fill the place in' the world allotted to them. If woman cuTtivateshCT be enlarged and her power to do good will expand with the powers of her mind and moral faculties. If she earns a place in literature and is worthy to hold it, why should she not be esteemed according to her merit? If she is endowed with a gift for art or science, let her hold the path her strength may choose to win. It makes ner nu Jt womanly that she is endowed with a high order of intelligence, and men of taste and jtrdgniefitrwill give her . ail, the honor that is due. Let as then press forward and enlarge the sphere that is given us, wherein to, labor, train our children in. the ways of rightIf eousness and fit them for honor and our lives fall short of the goal we are ambitious them to a positoottain, let us strive tion wherein they may reach a higher plane and more exalted spiierc Through all the organizations .of nature we find every object formed for a distinct purpose. Is any one less perfect of its kind because it does not fill the mission of another? That man, under all circumstances, does not hold his true position to woman is too evident. That he holds his superior strength to oppress and degrade her, is a wrong to which every pulse thrills with indignation, as we reflect upon it. If her better higher political rights would. give we would pray strength for eir protection, then that God in his own way and time, would open the way whereby she ,might. obtain them. In the meantime, let us laboMbr our, moral and we may the more spiritual advancement, that of the duties which perfectly acquit ourselves lie before lis. It is a blessing, perhaps, that we were defeated in the object we were striving for and denied the excrcl'e of political rights. A too easy sucand cess might have inflated our were unqualified to crowded us into positions we -- m. tdlt . self-eslee- 11 Our brethren need not fear tliat we shall wrest the sceptre from them, for Jthe wisdom of the be ennobled in Almighty prevails, and each will to he or she is f ailed occupy. If my the noul inspired heart is filled with melody and-m- y be heard, voice to songs, w hy should not my Mendebsolm. even though I am not a Milton or God in his infinite wisdom understand" the justice of thee things, and will bles the effort of those who strive in the right manner to enlarge unon the talents which He has bestowed. po-iti- on Mary. 