1' f r --- - - ' ; " A ' . rr , ; The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 1, 180. 9. Vol. TO THE SPIRIT Say, where OF POESY. hast thou wandered, sweet spirit , V I've missed thee for ever bo long", Thine absence and frown, did I merit That I've waited in vain for thy Bong? Did I wrong thee when, leaning beside me, I slighted thy voice in mine ear? Did I grieve thoe In that I denied thee My homage when last thou wert near? take it not so, for thou knowest In my heart there is none like to thee, That I'm doubly alone when thou goest, Withdrawing thy pleasure from me. 'Tis pity enough to tc weary " With duties that crowded the day, ' Think how lonely the evening, and dreary, When I find thou hast flitted away! Nay! f 1 $ s i. it I! Through each homely and practical duty Thou knowest impatient I haste, To spend in the spell of thy beauty The moments too precious to waste. Ah, surely thou wilt not forsake me! Mine eyelids are weary for bleep; If I rest me awhile wilt thou wake me, Thy visit and promise to keep? Forget not how happy we've wandered Through scenes still to memory dear, How thy whispers of hope I have pondered, vTill their BOothing has banished the tear. And how 6hall I go on without thee'r No sofiiio. it ever so rare. But I'd miss thy j&weet presence about me, Thy rapture and praises to share. Nay, thou hast not gone altogether For hast thou not vowed, dearest friend, Whatever the way or the weather, To keep by my Bide to the end? I can but believe thou art near me, My trial to witness and test; I entreat thee, again let ine hear thee, I'll honor thy slightest request. tftiU silent? I know now thou'rt hiding; 'Twas thy presence I felt I am sure. Ah, well, if I merit thy chiding, Thy sternest I'll patient endure. No answer? Perhaps 'tis to tease me; Twould relievo thee to chide me, if vexed; I'd rather do penance, if it please thee, Than linger so sorely perplexed. Let me sing perhaps moBifl may movo theo , thy humor capricious to tire-Thy favorite song soon, qbalt prove thee Ah! where hast thou hidden my IjTe? No hand but tbine.own can have taken The harp that thou gavest to me; No other its music can waken, tJnless they ha ve hel pe r in thee . " Of Keturn mo thy gift, gentle spirit, No longer in silence to bear, But to rise, and that they who shall hear it, . Its heavenly worth may declare. And leave me no more, I implore thee; ? Sing with me and teach me to sing, . Tiy the hearts of the hearers before thee their tributes of homage shall bring. Augusta. Joyce Cboohekon, November 4, 1SS0. COMMENDATION VERSUS CRITICISM. BY HANXAII might be hurtful to one person,. is highly beneficial and "encouraging to another, some young people make no progress unless encouraged by judicious, praise; they are naturally so dilii.lent and unaware of their own worth and ability, that they have to: be,. assured and commended into attempting anything above mediocre; all judicious upraise is necessary to such diseased modesty, and will never injure, but inspire in themselves without which no person can ever shine in any department. and .every one ought to understand and possess; and such are found in all great characters; they simply "kno v themselves" they have honestly read, weighed and measured themselves, and their past attainment is a guarantee of their future. Cir- T. KING. con-fidenc- e Self-estee- m cumstances, of course, bring out different phases of character, but every individuality has its own bias, its propelling power, its "balance wheel," that act as a lever to accomplish its wishes and designs, and by, long exercise at last forms the mighty mind, the strong character, the indomitable will, the wonderful endurance in short, men and women in all the perYes, fection that is allowed to a .probation. us is let let U3 give the commendation that due, encourage each other, not chill, and sneer, and depress, till all energy and ambition is wrung out of a character, until every faculty becomes neutral, and the original strength" and beauty is marred, or pcrhn.ja destroyed. There are characters who will work themselves out of all this wonted depression, but they are the exception, the Titans of humanity. The masse succumb and become warped by the cold and injudicious treatment they receive in their youthful training. Teachers need teachthe young ing very often; for indeed, teaching few are mind is a mighty science, and very see equal to the task. Hence, we often men and women the peers of those who have spent their youth in seminaries and derived from colleges. Their learning is all books, whereas the other is acquired by actual is power: experience, and such knowledge reNow, a few words" on criticism. If it well at the quires a delicate tact to praise reproper time and season, it most assuredly discrimiquires a Johnsonian understanding, nation and comprehension, to criticise justly. The critics: of the day are, in general, a conclique that temptible genus; the pandernoto aother ability. pays well probably have their little-at mercy An honest author1 has weighed and hand, or a chance of being justly measured; thev ignore truth, and ixalt and and: cnticilra eulogire twaddle. Just censure when bestowed are needed by. all writers, and and mentor, is by a wise and judicious censor thank . Heavim! purifying and exalting; and, all times; but thnre am such upon the earth at thev are the exceptions. A critic should be, broad brain first, a scholar of large heart and well read; not secnothing narrow, or cynical; tarian but entirelv cosmopolitan; with a clear iudera'ent of what'.is correct, and what is not, never Poking through green or blue spectamust cles; no prejudice must exist justice which hold her balance even in the counsel of a have should she should always be one; he indicakeen insight into character and ail its standone common tions; never judge ail 'by. the very ard, certainly notl but comprehend, its form and ,age and body of the times, and its bearings upon character, etc., etc.; especially, the. etceteras! self-educat- ed pres-sure,- "- Some persons object to commendation, even the briefest;- this must arise from not sufficiently - studying the human character. That which No. 13. In associations we hear ourselves the criticised; very praise of some people is annoying, and their censure amounts to a burlesque! Whether from spleen or 'ignorance is not quite visible, but they will name some inferior thing that your pen dashed off without scarcely the kuowledge of your brain, exclaiming decidedly, and with a sinister look of the eye: "The best thing you ever wrote!" All, or nearly all, sweeping assertions are false; and a person ho looks at their' words before they speak never make them. A real lady or gentlemen never make such assertions, for in mixed companies they are sometimes very offensive, and show great want of tact. t speak in the mildest form. Those who do it in ignorance, or merely as an echo, must be pardoned, as we pardon unthinking children whose language is that of the parrot, lhit men and women of heart, and brain, and by such have built up a character, should not talk lwnseuse on matter where good sense, judhwoas praise, or kind and wise censure only should be exercised. Let us all go into school for a short time, and there learn lessons that will improve us in many ways. Let us there learn the art. of and praisi.g judiciously, and censuring wisely with them justly, that our criticisms may carry us good, a healing balm, that, if true, may do with be received and, if unjust, will even then equanimity. every-da- y ; i LETTER TO AUNT EM. ..tt ? Dear Editor Exponent: I wish to express to you the pleasure I have enjoyed in reading ' the "Pen sketch of an Illustrious Woman in shared by your paper and I believe it'has been nearly all your readers. Even thog not' of our faith, must feel admiration and' reverence for the lofty character of one' whom they have known little of, save as the k.'Morraon poetess" Among our own people Sister Eliza is looked love second to no up to with reverence and other women. Hundreds have perhaps met her but once, in her sacred pfficc among womwith a en; but have parted from her presence while memory faeling that can never be erased a in general wajr, lasts. It has been known an endured that "Sister Eliza' experience in the most trying period of our pconle's history; but how few knew her intimately, and how could others venture to intrude upon thesacred will ber parprivacy of her past; and by these, ticularly appreciated the sketch giving so many herdic 4 incidents that reveal the gentle patience; fortitude, and devotional nature of one called to so exalted a position. I have taught my of children that 'even the glory and power ' beside Queen Victoria's Empire, is but dimshe as a that belonging to our 'elect lady that Latter-da-y Saint, stands higher in tho estimation of onr Father; that her crown' and glory will be imperishable, and for eternity. I often look- upon her and try to imagine how she will look with that immortal crown, how great then will be her'power. This pen sketch has drawn her nearer to ns; we feel that she can realize all phases of our trials, comprehend all conditions of onr lives, all our efforts; and I for one, thank the writer of the Ten stetch 01 an mucinous Woman.' - " . Augusta Joyce CRocHEJiON.,, -- ar- 