W THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EMMELIXE B. WELLS, Editor. iu Salt Lake City, Utdh PnMishcd Terms: One copy one year, $2. 00; one copy eix months $L00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising ratc6: Each square, ton lines of nonpareil ppace one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A lifxrral discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Oflice, Lower West Koom of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. lo 5 p. in. every day except Sundaj'. Address all business commimicionsjto Fii Wisher Woman's Exponent semi-monthl- y, ' ' Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, AUGUST .. .. 1, 1880. OM A ISP S E X P 0 N- T Ei NT. - f ged regimentals, with, their worn out but honored old flag floating over their heads. After them came a wagon with ladies, having a banner Inscribed, "We represent the Women of the Mormon Battalion." Following, in a carriage drawn by four black horser, aud another carriage drawn by two horses, were President John Taylor, Apostles George Q. Cannon, Brigham Young and Joseph' F. Smith, Counselor D. H. Wells and Secretary L. J. Nuttall. Behind, in carriages carile the Presidency of the Seventies and Bishop Edward Hunter andi Counselors.. The Minute men followed on horseback, led -- by CoJH. P. Kimball, with a banner on which appeared the mottoes, "The Guards" and "Al-wa- blue, holding a telescope and surrounded by other scientific instruments, andth latter in pink with palette, easel, sculpture, lyre etc around her. Near by were four chiidren.two looking at a picture book and on the ether' eide two larger children studying natural history and botany. This car was one of the finest display-eBehind it Mere carriages containing sall children with books in hand, and the inscriptions "Our Schools" and "The Road to Greatness."" School trustees and teachers and the committee on education followed in vehicles lieneath banners with the sentiments, "A Free Feople Must Be An Educated People,-- and "Our Nation's Prosperity Lies in the Education of Ready." Next were the Union Glee Club in a covered vehicle, and after them marched the Croxall A carriage came next holding representatives of the preS3, C. W. Penrose Deseret News), Mrs. at-tir- e, d. " Her Children." ys . E. B. Wells (Woman's Exponent), G. C. Lambert Juvenile Instructor), John C. Graham in- Brass Band. YEAR OF JUBILEE. PIONEER DAY. The fiftieth year since the organization of the Church, and the thirty-thir- d year since the entered Salt Lake Valley, was celebratpioneers ed by a grand procession in the streets and appropriate services in th6 Tabernacle on the anniversary of the ever memorable 24th of July. The Tawuacle, Salt Lake Assembly Hall, and nearly all the puWic buildings were decorated with flags, the stars and strip, the national emblems floating gaily in the breeze. Sunday Behool - children with Superintendents and Teachers were ranged under the trees in the route of the procession, and added greatly to tne ueauty ut me pi..re. wjth their flowers and DaiiMt r. Tho eirocts were thronged on an siue, Htthe kirshals and their aids had no difficulty in preserving perfect As aunounced, the procession forming at eight o'clock in the morning, began on First South Street. The head of the column moved at nine o'clock at the call of Chas. M. Evans, lmglcr of the pioneers, from the comer of Second West and First South Streets, and proceeds! eastward, the entire procession, a grand and lsiutiful display of over three miles in length, countermarching on First South Street, to Seventh East, thence west to Third East, thence north to South Temple Street, and thence west to the Tabernacle. The order of marching was observed almost strictly as advertised, a few changes only leing necessitated. At the head of the procession were the surviving Pioneers of 1817, In five wagons, preceded by two horsemen. In the first wagon, which was drawn by eight were order-:'"-"r-";------r-- Wilford Woodruff, Orson Pratt C horses, C. Rich, Eras tus Snow, A. Carrington, Joseph' Youn?, John Brown, Thomas Bullock, H. K. Whitney, Aaron Farr, Zebedee Coltrin, T. o Augell and Thomas Grover. The hor'semen ahead were Jacob Weiler and John Tack the former being among the first to mter the valley JrUS47, to break a road for the main body that foIJowod. , A portrait of the late President Brigham oung was exhibits on either side of the first wagon, with the inscription "Gone Before" on ' one side, and "Absent but not on Forgotten" the other. Above them was the old Pioneer banner, on which were the names of all the Pioneers and a picture of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, in the act of blowing a trumpet. On the same wagon was the United States' The remainder of the Pioneers were in flair other . wagons behind. . They were Allowed by Capt Beesley's martial band. Next came In wagons the survivine memrs ofZionVCamp. The Mormon Bat, Ulwn followed, accoutred in their and rusty rag. The General Committee rode in a carriage, and next to them were the Presidency of this and other Stakes of Zion, followed by the High Councilors, and the quorums of the High Priests, Seventies, Elders, "Bishops, Priests and Deacons,each with appopriate banners, that of the Lesser Priesthood having inscribed the words of the angel when ordaining Joseph and Oliver, viz.: "This Priesthood shall never be taken again from the earth, until the sons, of Levi do ofler again an offering unto the Lord in righteousness." Midway among these quorums, which marched afoot, was the Tenth Ward Brass Band. The Relief Societies were in three carriages, the representatives being listers Eliza R. Snow, Elizabeth A. Whitney, Zina D. Young, Sarah M. Kimball, M. I. a Home, Elizabeth Howard, B. Hejrwood, M. E. Wilcox and Tu ttmUV others, with a magnificent w,it the top of which was the All-seein- uw wr,Theseat eye. words were inscribed in a scroll, "Relief Society first organized, March 17, 1812;" below was a g delicate wreath of blue and around the wreath were the. words "by Joseph Smith." In ' the centre of the wreath is a dove holding an olive branch in its bill, signifying peace. At each side Is the balm leaf, representing healing, and below is inscribed "Numbers 300 branches, July 24, 1880." Under all is a rising star. The design is very artistic and the banner beautiful. Next appeared three cars loaded with representatives: a man and wnman u countries where the Gospel had been preached, with banners, On one was, "The Republic has made us all one nation. The. Sunday Schools had one car decorated with a banner "Zion is growing, We are 30,000 strong." Following the 8. S. were 24 couple of young ladies and gentlemen on horseback. The ladies wore cream colored riding habits, white silk caps and white ostrich plumes. The gentlemen, black cloth white neckties and gloves. They made a suits, very charming appearance, , In front qf tlm a horseman carried a banner with the inscription, "July 24, 1847-48- 80, God's gifts to the Pioneers." Education was? represented, by a Splendidly decorated car containing five ladies personifying T?b'aYU0;uA t 1Lsl respectively. ReliA-TnnHistory (Miss Talula Yopng), Geography, . Little' SpiVno Fannv rAii The'first (i . and Art; (Mis Louie Wells). occupied a -platform in the midiin nf . "'oi' ti! v wiv vm. one was ... dressed in white with o BnWM , ujj. ner iore- head, her elbow resting on the Bible, and in her . Land Mms n ralm Ti.'.i ' was ;,r-in isu History apparaJed gold, and stationed at one of the corners surrounded by books with a scroll and in her hand. In another corner dressed instylus green, with a globe by her side sat Geography. Science also occupied a corner, as did Art, the former robed iu . quirer) and. Geo. G. Taylor Junctiofk, with a banner on which was the figure of a power prets with a halo and inscribed "The Press The Magnet of Intelligence; The Diffuser of Light; The Chanipion of Right." The Drama was finely portrayed in a chariot decorated magnificently and occupied by several characters representative of the nature, mission and utility of the stage. The car was drawn br six horses, the leaders led by court jesters, and the others by Turks aud Arabs, while guards in armor walked at the corners of the car. The body of the chariot was a splendid pavilion with gothic canopy, surmounted by a bust of Shakespeare and upheld by marble pillars. The whole was elegantly painted and draped, and gave a very good idea of the stage with the curtain raised. The central figure, seated on a pedestal, was a lady (Miss Nellie Colebrook) personifying the stage, with a glass in her hand, "holding the mirror up to nature, while at the four corners of a raised platform sat Tragedy, Comedy, HisThe first a lady (Miss Carrie tory and Music. clothed in black, holding a dagger Cogswell), and poisoned goblet; the "next a Jajdy (Miss Rida Uolebrook),attired in a light bjueith a grotesqe mask in her hand; the next an' old man (Mr. H. Horsley), holding a book, and the last (Mr. T. Manning) dressed as Apollo; grasping the fabled lyre. Around these figures danced a number of ,r little fairies,J with IJIIVUI O ders and wands in their, hands. This chariot was the finest display in tho procession. It was designed by the committee and Mr. Fred. Lam- bourne, chiefly by the latter, whose true artistic taste and ability were manifested in its general construction. Behind their car came the votaries of the histrionic artfirst, members of the old Deseret Dramatic Association and next, those of the Home Dramatic Club, recently organized. Both had their banners, the latter especially beautiful. , The Pilgrim Fathers landing on Plymouth Rxck, in lQ20rw by tableaux,and had a car elegantly fittedup for that purposa It was .'profusely decorated with' , 'flags and banners. Purity as' artistically ' represented by a young lady attired in vvhiie. A piece of tJie identiwl and hung ip the car. FoUowing this were several carriages of Kew England people, Next camfe tlie Ogden brass band. .Thri X. M. M. I,' A, marched in a body 1,100 strong, preceded by a finely mounted horseman boaring' their flag, one of the finest if not really the finest in Itlie procession. It was of white -silk, trimmed 'with blue and gold, and inscribed, "Tho; Glory of (od is Intelligence," Yi: M. M. L A.," "We are 10,000strong." Following came the young men who marched by counties as folbws: Salt Lake, 500; ' Davis, 1 50; Weber, " - . ' " t E'fcame : 300; Box Elder; ffr, Morgan ; 40-- Tooele, 1' 30 ini- - 