1 of the Women of; Zion and the Righ ts of the Women of a 11 Xations: The Rights , 7. lYoL. 14. - r . ODE TO JUNE. ' O gentle, tender, rosyr Mushing June, How fair thou art, how beautiful aTid bright, - - And sweet the music of that wondrous tune That nature sings for tiiee both day and night -; '"7T" Sings ere the morning dawn lights up the day,its faithful vigil keeps, When the lone-sta- r And on, and on,, through early morning grey, While t!ie tired world in peaceful silence sleeps. Then, when Ihe sun in splendor doth appear, And golden light with blue and purple blends, Myriads of birds in chorus, sweet and clear Join nature's anthem," which to heaven ascends; ' And o'er the valleys fair, andpn the heights, , .' Where foot, of man, perchance, has never trod, V There rests a glory, thaMhe sunshine lights, ' Bearing the impress. of the works of God'' -- - ' Flow'rs of the garden, and of wood aatffield, Burst into beauty in their bright array, . A silent power o'er human heartsYhey wield, And light wtth joy the dark arid lonely way; Roses of June, a charm within them dwells, To shed-theifragrance over all the land, And this alone a subtle story tells, If we the mystery could understand. ;.. . ' : " O halcyon time, when June aud roses sweet ' ' Gladden the world for those who nature love,. For then her beauty seemeth most complete; The earth is fair, and heaven smiles above. And all day long the zephyrs watt perfume ' e Grateful as echoes of an song; While flowers of every kind. spring into bloom, And birds and brooks sweetr melody prolong. ; E'en lovers voices, soft and low, are heard With all the tenderness and grace of youth, Pouring forth rapture in each whisper'd word, Pledging their vows of constancy and truth. These are the tributes of thy sunny hours, Yea, hearts made glad with all thy loveliness, Birds, brooks and sunshine, tender words and flow'rs, Add much of joy to human happiness. .Not these alone, for in our heart of hearts The June of love and faith and trust we keep, Which confidence and hope in God imparts A living fountain, pure and clear and deep. old-tim- - June's sweet harmonies our pulses thrill, And all our souls respond with freshness new, So shall we to diviner music still, Pour forth those symphonies Jo nature true, And though dark shadows cross our onward way, Or winterjwinds blow fierce and wild and strong : That heav'nly music nature sings y Will lift our souls to God in rapturous song. " O joyful June! twin-sistthou of Jove, From rdalms enchanted comest thou each year, O'er all the earth in sportive grace to rove, Waving thy fairy wand both far and near, With which thon turnest one more golden page In the great volume of increasing years, Wherein the history of every age, Since time began, till time shall cease, appears. O June of life, and tenderness of youth, guerdon leavest thou of pleasant hours, What precious treasures, or what gems of truth Are garner'd in the hearts of those rare flow'rs Of love and friendship, that once bloomed for thee ZL!!?.s.Uhou cherish for the coming time, fn hope and faith and loving , constancy, These sacred flow'rs so heav'nly and sublime? ' June 25.1885. Emile.. As to-da- " er birth and education. The upper part of the face handsome; hair black; eyes blue a eon-- ' trast not often seen benevolence, the ruling ex predion of the face, that of the eyes, pen sive.aud meditative, but when in conversation, they seem to ignite from' within, and, become capable of a complex expression. Touch but the: chords on which, hung grievous sorrows and" injuries, such as few are called upon to pass through, and they darted forth ft; tee and -- fiery rays, and the passion vein ci- - ih forehead would, swell well nigh to bursting; passionate words w ould escape, the lip curled With, asbitterness unnatural to it; but soon would co ne the crushing sense of the impotence of such feeling; then would be ft It. .in ail its agonyTthe entire;, prostration of ail p3W: ir in Self, the eyes would swim, in boiling tears, that seemed tar scahl instead of soothe, and - " memory, that curse and blessing of our existence, would, for the moment, well nigh extinguish the kindly feeling of that kind heart; but- - 'twould --pass the swollen vein would gradually,, disperse, that tried heart would cease its mighty pulsation, its bitter throbbing?, .1 ana1.tne countenance wear again tne lnaex oi peace and serenity. Few have witnessed euch sad extremes of fortune. Not only were house and lands, home-anhearthjjroken up, but every tie to which the heart fondly links itself all were reckless ly severed, and left that mighty heart seared on the Pyre of Patriotism! But though all. these were rent asunder friends sprang up around the exile to speak the consoling word, and administer both to the mental and to the corporeal. Friendship, warm and faithful, none could drive, away, no change of fortune could extinguish. It hovered like a guardian anel over, the doomed, and poured the "oil and wine" of sympathy into the lacerated bosom of the exi le and the soli tary. " " Fond of. solitude society recalliuir too vividly sad reverses and bereavements; but within the circle that friendship drew around. cheerful, polite, and even for a few' moments: sornetimej gay; but soon an air of sadness and indifference would be visible, for retrospective thoughts would crowd upon that mind, andx the laugh would become hysterical and the countenance indicate - that "when the heart is better than the fortune there is something that makes even affection bitter!" Yet over all there was thrown a dignified resignation, that ever exerted its supremacy and gratitude for the sympathy and loving kindness of friends, so liberally tendered, was never for a moment extinguished by one who was singularly sensitive and appreciative. How I longed at that moment to be rich ancLipowerful, that-- X mightrirfessTmyseTF'm blessing one who stood i a - such - i m n res:-t- vneed. , ; NVho'can see a "countenance sicklied o'er with the pale cist of thought", which will in -- future shine but through meniorv. and nnf. yearn to cheer, to lighten, to brush off if only with a feather from the downv wing of Chris tian love, a portion of that grief which "nassdh eho w?" to. . inflate the shrinking with and or and raise headthe droonin hope joy, Thank God! this can be done without monor and without price! Yes. yes. ih'u has been done without the 'Mammon of this world. t " -- " I - . ht-ar- . r THE POLISH EXILE A CHAKACTER. Manners polished, easy, graceful, oblMn? delicate and unobstrudve, denotiug saplriur v o. 3. . Tho' poor we hi, and impotent to save, 'ITiis precious balm the loving always have. Oh, why b sorrow, why corroding care-To some apportioned in large a share? Tlie.ir lives one scene of desolating woe, AndjQyand' happiness therarly-knowA-;--f:- "t 'Ilieirjun c.f peace but gilds life's chequered scene, Like angel visits, "few and far between; v 'Tis not for sinners to arraign the rod I "Be still," ye md;1als, know that am God! Father of Love, we bow lefore Thy throne. And trembling fai;Ii would lisp, "Thy will be done.", Hannah T. Kixc. AUTOBIOGPvA:PlIY 1 . ' , , . : - jlm CITYUTAIi; JULY t Hail! heaven-bor- n pympi'.hy! magne'.ic power, The sweetest cordial in th' afflictive hour. i OF EMILY D. P. YOUXO. Continued. ' " : , r, ' r On the' fourth "of July, 1838, the Saints assembled in Far Yrst to celebrate the day, and I think the spot for the temple .was. that day dedicated. Our national flag, the stars and floated stripes, attached to the liberty-pole- , in the breeze. V All were happy and joygaily a Saints know how to be. nonebut ful, Shortly after the Fourth a terrible stoi arose: the thunder and lightning were terrific; the liberty pole. was struck and shattered by u bolt, foreshadowing coming events,' as the se. quel" proved. rsot long after this rumors came to Far West, from different settlements of the Saints, of threats, and depredalioLs being committed by small parties of Missourians. There was trouble in Davis County a battle was fought on Crooked Kiver, and Brother David Patten, one of the Twelve, and some others of the brethren were killed. Then came the news of the terrib!e massacre at! Hauu's Mill, and before we were hardly aware of it a large army of the mob were maiehlng towards Far West, with an etsrininatiog order fronithe Gove-noThe brethren hastily got together wagons, logs, board.--, and whatever they could find that would do, and threw up a breastwork to protect themselves, in a measure, from tho bullets of tlie murderous , mob. The mob halted when withip about half a mile of Far West A white flag was sent put by the mob, and were met by a party of our brethren, also carrying a. w hite flag.- - The mob demanded three "persons to be brought out of the city, then their n was to massacre the rest. The day following another flag wa3 sent by the mob, and some of our brethren met them, aud learned that they were commissioned by in-- ! chief executive, and were authorized to exty rriiinate the. Mormons en vias.e,jmdjLhcy command r ;rcertiRTj.and 1 oi'd in G h -- 1 1 in k I( r car i y a ers went on t'io.. meet the i!aof titiee, :tn l cret-linaile arrangements to dejiver u).tlc leaders''of the Church to b tried and putished; to have the property of the Saints delivered over to the mob to ay iheir expenses and all damages dune them, and also arranged that the Saints should leave he states and their arras T7 be delivered up to the- enemy. In the evening of the same day the first step in this ba.se treachery was taken! Ilinkte represented to. the Prophet that the officers of the militia desired an interview with him, in a settlement might be brought the hope-tha- t about without carrying out the Governor's ex- r. de.-ig- . 1 iW-c- -- t ; y - - terminating tirders,- ' 