WOMAN'S . EXPONENT. 86 terms, to their- temporal Jkna spiritual needs. Then she writes mhtir$veh pork; corn some of the other and meal things, tohelp . . .1 i who were preparing ior tne journey to pioneers .i i -- it if...i:. ADril. . of On the Gth -- 1 " t . 1 to England. -- Friday, the 9th, she writes, ''Most of the lweive nave gone out wun ine pioneers, Dun-dathe 11th, went to meeting; Elder Parley P. Pratt preached,' giving us, a synopsis of his journey and of his mission to England. Tuesday, the 13th, visited Sister E. R. Snow; en- much; the spirit oi the joyed ourselves very " y, f sT( tv'na with iiu . And thy younger' brother, David, . wun msnarmjebi, sukkindness of hand and the heart With Often limes will comfort thee, "T 1847. Sister Sessions attended the conference held, at Winter Quar- tew, a time' by those long, to,: be remembered "1 11 x on so lull oj .interest hat occasion , asserapied to the Saints, when " the conference adjourned The following day most of the sine'die. pioneers started out oh the journey. On the fcSth Parley P. Pratt,one of the Apostles, arrived at Winter Quartern, on his return from a jms-aip- d 1 " ' . 1 Wednesday, the 14th, she writes, "The pioneers were encamped, and have started this morning for the mountains. Elder again . i t!-i- i it - rn rr ovuu suyivr, uueui me xweive iposiies, came home from England last night, neither Elder Taylor or Eider Pratt are going with the pioneers. Thursday, the 15th, Louis Robinson -- a And the Saints of God who're banished From their country and iheir home, V'horforesus'" testimony In the wilderness now, roam, ... - Will, with, prayers and supplication, Plead thy cause before the throne r join the pioneers. Wednesday, the 21st, Peregrine and my daughter Sylvia and her child came. I was almost overcome with joy and cratitude to God -ft- - " V each other again. The next day my son David came, and I was almost overjoyed to have my childrcn,from whom I had been separated, around the table once more with father V C V fcrV lO V and inotheraH ourselves tooyivia was with me, we enjoyed x much indeed. gether very "On Sunday, the 25th, Elder John Taylor preached; he had just returned from a mission to England. After meeting we called on Sister Nobles and Sister Ashley. Monday, the 26th.-Br- o. Major is taking our portraits. Visited at Sister Pearce's with Sisters Mary Ann Young, Vilate KimUall, Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Eliza R. Snow and others, and in theevening we had a good meeting, in which we enjoyed much of the Spirit of the Lord. Wednesday. . .. r il . nO.L v laitoclt with ine zom. .Lucy YY. Kimball, Francei Swaun Kimball, Laura Pitkin, and others. Friday, the 30tht Sylvia and I visited at Brigham Young's withscveral of his wives. This visiting among the" sistere and having spiritual meetings was what kept many, from s uciug lusi, uuhu ttuu giving way to tneir during those days of anxiety. Tuesday, May 4th, Sylvia packed up her things to return to Nauvoo. Bro. Anson Gall ramo dnwn fmm Punkaw." Then she speaks of Sylvia beiusr oeiameu on account ot the wind blowing so they could not cross the river, and of a visit XT-.- leel-ing- to feister a,. K. bnow, who wrote some verses as a memento and comfort for Sister Sylvia 7 .... Lyons. ' . TOURS SYLVIA. LYONS, BY MISS E. R. SNOW, Go, thou loved one, God is with thee, He will he hy stay and shield, And fulfill each precious promise, ' His JWhich spirit has revealed. From thy father and thy mother, Vho are twined around thy heart, ' Also from thine elder brother, Thou art called a while to part. But thy husband will caress thee, And thy sweet, angelic child, . . Guardian Ange!s will protect thee, And the spirit's still, small voice Will, from day to day, direct thee, Therefore let thy heart rejoice.. Bro-AHeiv- . "V PIMA, ARIZONA, R. S., Y. L. M. 1.. A. & P. A. REPORTS. menan, bingham co., idaho. Editor Exponent: .Thinking you would, like to hear from our Primary in this far away northern settlement, I will pen a few lines. Our Primary was organized December 30th, 1884, Sister A nnie A. Stephens, President: with Sisters Harriet Beebee ancl Hannah Byindton, as Counselors; Sister Elizabeth Beebee, Secretary and Treasurer. Since that time we have been striving to do our duty to the best of our ability. We hold meetings weekly; they are pretty well attended considering our scattered e have htty-hvcondition. names enrolled, and twenty-five- , We attendance. average have work meetings once in two weeks, which meetings we have only just started. We would be pleased to see some of our sisjtrj4fljrJiTeJ BnssTtheirwise counsel very much, and live in hopes of seeing some of you in the near future; wo feel that wenre greatly blessed of the Lord; we arc blest with good health, which we appreciate and thank our Heavenly Father for. Our people, generally, keep the work of wisdom. Some of our sisters take the Exponent, as well as the Juvenile Instructor, which are a great blessing to us. e a desire to do all we can for the good of the little onesas well as for the advancement of the work we are engaged in. Ever wishing to be one with my. in the Gospel of Christ, I remain,' . . Your sister, e We-hav- co-work- Annie S. Stephens. BURNIIAM, NEW MEXICO. Mrs. E. B. Wells: ; A few weeks ago some of the good brethren and sisters of Bluff City paid U3 a visit and organized our Relief Society, Primary and Y. M. M. L A., the Y. L. having been previously organized. , Miss jDellie Stevens - was chosen President of Primary, ette and Mrs. "Aggie Stevens, her Counselors; MUs 'May Stevens,. Secretary;: Miss Mamie Burnham, Treasurer. Ms Aabgail Stevens wa. chosen President of Rehef Society, and Mrs. Melissa blade and Mis. Mary A. Farnsworth, Counsel- Mrs.-Mari- : liad a most enjoyable time while the brethren and sisters-werwere" here, and en-- " eouraged to keep up our meetings as much as e skeleton of each organization. The few little ones that are hre of ' O my Father! thou that dwelleth In the upper courts of light,-- ' Open Thou the path before her, GuideQ guide her feet aright. t was-chose- v Of the great Eternal Father, Where thy works of love are known, . arrived Jast night, and brought mea letter R Lvrm Krlria'a ImehorW T?o- from Wind-;nceived a visit from Sister Leonard, Lamb and Miller-SistSessions writes of the scarcity er of provisions, and what hard work it is even to get a little corn meal. "Suuday, the 18th, Porter Rockwell and others leave to go on and lecty'U Mrs. Mary T. Bigler at Secretary for the Relief Society, and Mrs. Elizabeth Stevens, Treasurer; The health of the people Is generally good, and thus far we have been left iu peace, but feel it is necessary to be cautious to be on the safeside. Part of some families have to remain away, which is quite trying.Us our num-ber- s areT?olsmaIl, and we are still Jioping and praying for help. few has been the weeks, The weather, past have beeri visited tho We most delightful. past summer by our worthy President, F. A., Hammond and his Counselors, Brothers Hall Bluff; we hope and Adams; also to see them again so&nd they assure us that we are not forgotten !) them. Ever praying for the welfare of Zion, I am, ' Your sister, Mary S. Burniiam. With her growing" charms, will bless thec- Thus the hours shall be beguiled. - are deenlv annous to help to make it interesting. I neg- -' The Relief Society , Conference of the St. Joseph Stake of Zion convened at this place, September 25th, at 10 a.m., Coun. Mary L. Ransome presiding.' Opening exercise of singing. Prayer by Sister Sarah D. Curtis. Singing. Minutes of last conference read and approved. Verbal reports vrere given of the various wards; all reported in good 'working order, the general desire being to improve in all good works. Sister Kansome addressed the conference: asked an interest in the iaith and prayers or the sisters, that she mi2ht nerform her duties acceptably in the absence of President East,' who is at present on a visit to her son's, ia Apache Go. Said, "We should sustain those' that are placed over us by the Priesthood of God." Spoke upon many subjects of importance; referred to the storing of grain; encouraged the circulation of the Exponent among the sisters. oisLtraranJUtV-airxis- , oi-o- t. lyaviaf DOre testimony to the truth of Sister Ransome's remarks. Said, 4They are calculated to do us good if put into practice. AVe should be wise in our conversation with each other, and let our mouth3 be filled with words of righteousness." Exhorted us to diligence, etc. Conference adjourned till two p.m. Singing. Benediction by Josephine Rogers. Two p.m.: On the stand were President GV Lay ton and Counselor. Singing. Prayer by Prest C Layton. Singing. The statistical and financial reports were read and approved gfter which the stake and local officers were uciure tue. conierence anu sustaineu. pcuicn The remainder of the afternoon was devoted to the Y. L. and P. A. Conference adjourned for three months, to meet at St. David. Benediction by Coun. W. ' D. Johnson. LuciNDA Gustafson, Secretary. . ST. GEORGE PRIMARY Editor Exponent: - " ' , The members of the Primary Association of the four wards of St. George gave an entertainment on Saturday evening last, the 17th inst., in the Tabernacle,. which proved quite a success. The children deported themselves ad mirably, and rendered their scngs and choruses in a very pleasing manner. Much credit is due to the stake president, Sister Julia H. Tyins, and especially to her two daughters, bister Maggie Tvins and Sister Julia A; McDonald, for their assiduous labors in training the children. -- The litUe ones seemed really'to enjoy it, and felt no more timidity at appearing on the stage than they would Have done if they had been n 