W-- 0 M PARAPHRASE OF THE TWENTY : THIUI) PSALM. o persecute and to even incarcerate "them in tion. To happiness compIeU. He leads - V Yea, thongb death's shadow oft My shrinking soul to ill, Into his Talley dark and drear, Yet OhI no eril will I fear, For thou art with me still; ' J, . .; " . In presence of ray foes My head Thou hast anointed, too, My cup it OTerflows! j , Surely Thy goodness and Toy Ioyo Shall tend me all my days, ,' And In the house of God I'll dwell With everlasting praise. HisNin T. King. March 25th, 1885. " AN ADDRESS TO THE LADIES' CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION. There are so many at the present time that take an interest in Utah. So much has been written and said about us as a people, it almost seems superflous to" write or say anything more; in fact we are become as a city set on a hill that cannot be hid; and we can nolonger.be called the isolated Mormons. And if those would-be-reforme- 1 ; r' ; . , . so-call- ed ; the-sympath- am more righteous than thou; but lend them a helping hand and teach them a better way. THen ffill you indeed perform a good work, and the blessing of them that, were ready to shall perish will come upon you, and when you Ktand before the judge of all the earth these said things will be remembered, for He has his He will judge every man according to rs . 1 " of society should desire to return to the paths of virtue, do not pass them by and say,I about us would only do so with a spirit devoid of prejudice and. a desire to investigate our principles and speak of them truthfully, we would court such investigation and they would know us better as a people, for our desire 13 to let our light so shine before men that they, seeing our good wgrks, may cease to traduce, and perchance find something that even the of the age may consider worthy of praise and imitation. But instead of an impartial investigation of our. principles, we are continually maligned and misrepresented, and our. rights are taken , . J. irom us. At one lime tue cry is, iL. uuj puur, ueluded, suffering women of Utah; let us set them free and they will gladly leave husband, brother and father and come to us, no matter how steeped in vice we may be; no matter if we are drunkards or gamblers or how impure our lives; they are ready to break asunder every tie that binds them and come to us, ifIhey. can only escape from the thraldom which binds them to their oppressors. Civilization came into our midst and women have plenty of opportunities to leave the ranks of Mormonism and embrace the Sectarian, re-- ' ligions of the day; but unfortunately "for this grand scheme the women of the Church of r Latter-da- y Saints are, for the most part, pretty well informed as to the merits of the different religions of the dayfor Have they notmany ; of them, come from their midst, and they are-syswell acquainted with the workings of the ' ' tems of Christianity. the ballot, j ' They were also given the right of own best which they knew how to use for their interests. And so the cry is changed, and m there seemed to be a place of friends disposition on the. part of our Christian , We, the women of Utah, wish to bs a band of reformers. We set our faces against the dein moralizing and degrading vices of the age, raise whatever form the, hideous monster may e in meguueu his hydra headrwhetner ir-Dand rich the great where palaces of pleasure of ne niaes nis ingmiui miou uuu tains and garlands of flowers, or whether it be in the habitations of the lowly where he sets : his snares to betray the innocent and the conin its softest and fiding. And vice is dressed most insidious garb, and too often takes advanvictims to overtage of the best affection of his decome their virtue and lead them to their nastruction; and when she learns too late the her ture of the monster she has cherished m is often led to bosom, the unfortunate victim commit other crimes. And alas! she is fallen Shall we follow her in her indeed. un--downward path and trace her step by step and til she reaches the last depths of misery -- Piiebk C. Young. tL :i easur aruuireu iuuu. j took I little with and music, expense. very paths of honesty and. virtue, and betake yourselves where you are neededto the baunts of vice and misery in the great cities of the east, where thousands suffer and die every year in the lowest depths of misery and' woe, with no kiad hand or voice near to lift them up or ; smooth their dark passage to that bourne from whence no traveler returns. Where innocent children are continually destroyed to cover the shame of the authors of their" being,7or " perhaps to escape the responsibility of maternlty other means are resorted to which are a disgrace to thi3 Christian land. "Now, in no way i3 the downfall of a nation brought about so quickly a3 in this, and little childrenryforsaken and thrust out into the. cold world, and often have no place to lay . their heads, until they become so familiar with crime that they are fit subjects for the reform school or the felon's cell. Yes, seek them out; save the little children from a life of degradation and sin. And if any of the fallen Magda-lene- s . .1'iwjt . it a" sr. t . . .lik fhine' called found fighting To me'it is rather suprising that more ladies do not admire short hand sufficiently to make : : . ' e 163 SHORTHAND. . '' A table In the wilderness For ma has oft been spread, Where I, with loving guests, have sat, And all been richly fed. truly this has often been is persecu- which so manyoLthemhavefallen-Surely ; there is work" enough for ail philanthropists; and for all the Christian Ladies' Associations, and for all those ministers who profess tobe the followers of Him who went about, doing good; who condemned not, but said, "Let him "who is without sin among you cast the first stone." Yes, you may safely leave the women ; of Utah in peace to raise their children in the has bowed Thy rod I hold, Thy staff I grasp. And they shall comfort me. Yes, it against God. : Christian ladies' associations are formed that fan the flames of intolerance and persecution, and raise the hue and cry against the dreadful state of things said to exist among the hated Mormons, when their greatest crime consists in seeking to obey the commandments of God and striving to raise the human race ; from the pit of infamy and degradation into My wants He doth sopplj In pastures green Ho laid me down, - Wbero gentle streams ran .. by, la paths of righteousness veora linw Witt fioVlf flfTflinRfc Mormonism, lest youJliould-b- prison for being faithful to their covenants, their husbands and their God, Call the present,. .i25ag4r iij nothing more nor lesa than a religious He blndeth np my wounded soul, He guides my wandering fcet, - - J EXP 6 ir E N T . A HJ 8 i is mnrn mnro. : ,1 seventeen lessons, after which I could under stand any printed instruction on the subject. The system I am learning is Isaac Pitman's. It is a pleasant study, and when once acquired would aid in acquiring others, especially those taught by lectures, while so much depends on that organ. memory it invariably-strengtheThe objections to .it made by persons who do not have much copying to do, is, that they write so little they would forget it; although practice i3 indispensable to gain speed in writing, a knowledge, of it can be retained by ns vam rl i n rwl vxirt try oVi'lf li O n TVlAOC 1 in the reporting and corresX)nding styles are both interesting and instructive; some of them contain foot notes in common print, which the beginner will find useful. Mr. Pitman's we'ek- ,:y puuiicauuus, - xnv r uuucuu ouuiuai, .tuav . contain some pages in short hand. After learning the Alphabet, by reading words a alone, ! learned to write fifty-eigminute. At last the only opportunity I had for practice was once a month at the Relief Society meetinir: at first I could only insert easy ; ht wora8,8Ucn-a- s tnef:an,-wjrcic- ., out iur sumo time, though with no other practice, I have taken down in short hand all I wrote, which was about one third that was said. This, no doubt, seems but little to one that never tried it. Many give up the study when about half through the most discouraging part. I consider it is a fine accomplishment, even if we never quite reach the coveted end, verbatim reporting, and may b3 acquired with a little perseverance; an hour devoted to it each day- It ' ir. that it induces studious is also claimed habits, and has a tendency to improve composition and penmanship; of the latter art it may be considered a brnnch. While professional excellence as either penman, reporter or author is a goal almost too dazzling to think about," it is probably within the possibilities for even ordinary mortals to acquire one or more of these arts by home study, after reasonable application, and the time devoted -to it wouldjcarcelyi, , . . . f r" "AnnieFellows. NOTES AND NEWS. -- -- 81 of Oh we would not willingly know any : these things. We would rather close our eyes and shut out the dreadful sight; but our duty ' the bloocTot compels us to raise our voices that our hands. at be not required afflicted to To save the fallen, to comfort the teach the erring the way of life land salvation, women of the is the peculiar work of the Therefore be-Church of Latterly Saints. ; nhis-generati- on Miss Jean Ingelow's new volume of Poems , is about to be published by Roberts Brothers, Her first volume appeared Boston Mass. eighteen years ago. Mrs. May Wright Sewali and Miss Susan B. Anthony spoke before the Waman's Club in New Orleans on Monday, March 9th- Mrs. Sewall's subject was the home,' and Miss An1 ; thony's was woman suffrage. vastly outnumber men everywhere On in Massachusetts except in her prisons. the first day of October therewere 4,380 that State, of whom 3,580 were men. The "superfluous" women of the old Bay Stato - 5 -- omen cou-victs'- m and pay their proportion of taxes to convict punish this large number of criminals who are their political superiors, and year after year their prayer for equality in political matters is denied by legislators whom1 the criminal class, before their incarceration and after their discharge help to choose. Evening Telegram. -- 