WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 36. .X -- WOMAX'S EXPONENT. oierabl einsuHs... into resenting anyof-iheiriniiin their rich expectations of d But they creating a disturbance, which they fondly hoped to figure largely as patriots and so on,and the lire ofLtheir enthusiasm was considerably cooled down of the 'Mayor and City wfcttf Council- was issued, ordering all the saloons and heclosed nbtntnerf.to MM w J yvvuv. u were-foile- Ji 1 educa--tio- rt u e tJhoroug hjech nical discipline and alone could never have- - elevated him to the exalted rank he occupied in milit.iry and civil life without indomitable energy and perseverance, as -Editor., well as superior jvisdom ;indJ EMMELE B. WELLS, what every successful leader must possess, in a Terms In Salt Lake City, fcK 1'ublfehed greater or" less degree forethought r'and intuione copy one year, 12.00; ona '2:-V'' tion. tpfMxjib$JQ.!tr pldVVS nilSlllUJUUl fK riri Elaborate preparations are being made for the 'i'ua're,"'teii?ilea at nonpareil Advertising . on that day. onft time. 82.50: ver month. SS.O0. - A liberal discount The day passed' off, quietly, and in the enjoy-- . burial of this national .military hero, and several Pi,, to regular advertisers. have been named as suitable ment of home and the society of friends, one different public places Exponent office, Room No. 4, upstairs, Hooper fc Eldredge burial place for the remains of so great a man, but feelings and emoi(vk Main Stmrt. & ft;w doors south of Z. C, M. I. .Busmen -- could give vent to it is now. expected th.it he will be buried at River-d- e hours from 10 turn, to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. tions that must necessarily well up in the hearts is talk of Address all business communications to Ra r1cN oppresston'TiW whp ITBLIFIIER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, its name to Grant Park." brought to" bear upon the Latterday Saints, even" "changing Salt Lakk City. Utah. Memorial services in his honor will be held in upon those whoxhave helped to pioneer the desert all parts of the. United States,and in Westminster d a day the people were wont to celebrate with 1885. Lake August i, Salt City, 'Abbey in England. In Salt Lake City .Liberty rejoicings. But God moves in a mysteriPark was selected by the committee appointed ' ous way, and he knows how to temper the wind DAY. for the purpose,as being the most desirable place PIONEER to the shorn lamb, and He has established His for the memorial services in honor of General kingdom and given power to His Priesthood upon Grant. The 24th of July, "Pioneerday," as it is desigthe earth, and evil machinations of wicked men nated by the Latter-da- y Saints, passed without the cannot destroy that power and influence, nor hin. least demonstration in Salt Lake City or any of der the growth of the work of God in these last EDITORIAL NOTES. where remote some In towns. , the adjoining places days, though they may harass and annoy the death did not reach , the-- news of General Grant's Saints, and cause sorrow and grievous affliction The Secretaries of R. S., Y. L, and P. A. in them in time, the .exercises and amusements to come upon them. The Saints who are in the this Stake of Zion should remember that written planned for the day were carried out in the usual line of their duty will come off triumphant, and reports are expected from each branch by the reswhether in life or in death will have reason to restyle. In this city a Sunday School Jubilee had pective stake secretaries immediately. been some time in preparation, and the children joice and acknowledge His hand in all things. anticipated a gala day, but there was no hesitation The address of Mrs . Elmina S. Taylor, Prest. on the part of the committee, and no objection of the Central Poard of Y. L. M. I. A., is at No. ULYSSES SIMPSON GRANT. whatever made by the children when the sad IS W. Third South Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. news reached here Qf General Grant's demise She gives her address because so many mistakes General U. S. Grant, a great military hero of with one accord it w as immediately decided to have been made in the correspondence with the the late civil war, and of the United ' and drafted the " the Jubilee " indefinitely, postpone Associations; States died at Mount lacTGregor, on the morning -following resolution- ,- which wasunanimously of the 23rd of July last. His death had been anWe regret that we are compelled to leave, until adopted: ticipated forsome time, as his sufferings had been - next issue-,"an- " annouhcjmeh the death of announcemenUof "Whereas, The Dr. Ellis R.-- Shipp, which is to comof severe and a such human that skill nature wiferyby very GeneraGrant has stricken every heart with grief, could mence Oct. 3rd. Those wishing to join should only afford temporary relief. The General causing a realization of the great loss sustained died surrounded by his ' loved ones, and in the full communicate with .her verbally, or by letter, as . by all, and he had himself soon as possible. enjoyment of the The illustrious Whereas, dead, when visiting achieved. He had 'greatness the unusual honor of being The conference of the Relief Society and Y. Utah a few years ago, gazed with wonder and adtwice elected to the highest position in the gift of L. M. I. A."of Sanpete Stake will convene Sepmiration on the thousands of Sunday School the people of this nation. But it was really his tember nth and 12th, at Manti. Mrs. Mary Ann children who testified of their love and esteem for career that gave him the national popumilitary him and manifested their wish to honor the presiHyde, President of the Relief "Society in that which" caused his election to the office and larity, dential head of a great nation by lining the streets stake, desire that the secretaries will please forof of the United States. He him ward as only their reports not later than the isf of Sepalong which he drove, and greeting himself notably as a leader and a distinguished when can innocence tember, to the Stake Secretary, Mary Hyde Spring greatness recognizes true and skillful General in greet several the of most and smiles upon purity; be it therefore City. important engagements during the war of the reResolved, That the Sunday School Jubilee conbellion. His name will be handed down to posSynopsis of meetings in the 14th templated for the 24th of July be indefinitely Ward as one of the bravest and wisest who have terity Assembly Rooms, annual meeting of Y. L. postponed..' M. I. for A. in the 19th Ward, including the their in fought country its time of need. Hisvery able By Order of the Committee. address do him will Coun. for he tory by justice, Underwood, reorganization of appears to have No other public demonstration of any kind was been a man fully appreciated during his the Y. L. M. I. A. of the Sth Ward and a notice lifetime, anticipated,though threats had been made by those which is seldom - the -- case even with those who' frora one of the Primary Associations of the death of two of its members, also editorial disposed to misconstruevery act and word of the have been the greatest benefactors to their conmatter, left Mormon people of what would be undertaken on over for want of space, but will temporaries and to posterity. appear in' the that day, in case there was any indication on the The book, upon which the grand old General issue of August 15. Xo our of celebrate. But their people part spent his last working hours, will, when completed Mommy, August 3rd, is general election day, mouths were closed and their wicked desires and uy ine world, and future "tdpmc and we and trust the largest number of votes plans thwarted and overthrown when a national generations will read it with interest, as well as will be hope polled that have been cast in this Territory. sorrow fell upon all. --The people who felt like those who knew him in life. His will memory The women of Uta"h who are entitled to the franthus be preserved fresh and mourning before had now the opportunity to give green by his own chise ought to make a such public expression to their feelings as accordgood showing at this imhands and brain. There is no dooibt lhathe will krthe portant ed well with the sentiments expressed by raising have a period history ofthe Territory. Let superb and costly monument erected in half-mahinder nothing the flags at on the 4th of July. Governor his remembrance, for you from depositing" your .ballot it is practically already for the People's Party. Be sure and vote xthe Murray, who had been strong in his denunciation talked about. In foreign lands, as well as in our right ticket. No doubt the g of on the Fourth, issued an official Liberalsand Demo-- " own, he has received most marked honors and atwill crats" hand their Hhat tickets out freely. ' proclamation, recommending tentions from crowned heads arid flags draped chiefmilitary in mourning be placed on all public buildings, and tains, as well as the mases of the people. The as far as practicable, on business houses, and on brave General HiVH with on ON THE DEATH OF GENERAL the houses of the people," etc., thus changing tnfenttdl mentToo possession of the . GRANT. . entire order of the day, as expected by those who butes that had won the distinction. that became see so plainly the mote in the eye of another, but him so Death thou art infinite 'tis life is well, to the last hours of his life. little. have no idea or conception of the beam in their GeneraLGrant was Point' born at ' Pleasant Our flag is floating in the breeze half : own. mast, with Ohi?f April 17, 1822. He was descended" from - These peopleyvho see so much treason in the flowing crape attached to it. The of AUU possesSea many endurin the United States has doings of the Mormons, and are so anxious to qual.ties,wh,ch are inherent to the , passed common in the Scotch race He ' bourne have them "wiped out," had been "whence no traveler returns." Our received his military education at West calling upon the spirits Point and as a people, are in unison withmilitary to be on hand on the 24th, in case that the semblance of they although training he obtained there would I could somehow or other provoke the Mormons for we are mourning, serve him well in the suffering persecutionand places. he4iad afterwards tot woeOur-ver- y children are mourning for their -- semi-monthl- - - t - ratesr'-'Eacli- -- ' -- ." ' - " , the-pecul- -of-- iar those festivi-ties'an- . . - . chief-Executiv- e semi-month- ly . -- st half-mastin- Vift-- " Ul K -- . . ; 1- I - 