: Xilher and barp. Prof. Andre has a happy facaj. tyof adaptation ,M well ui good tate iu tbeom- . uni tinn or Di niecea fnr hi- they re not difficult they will no doubt hare a wiao uiiuuiAuuu ju uo nrme mfcrket. '' ? : on-Tfi 11 , YV Let our eye look upon ZIon. Let her be defiled. But they knew not tho thougbt oftbeLord. Micah IV, 11, 12. - , Y y-"- Let us enter the privatesanctuary of -- life, where, to thehonor cf this great re-nub- lic. the dlvinitv of the marrisc tie sr. knowJedged and beJd sacred; and where purity, the crowning glory of the social circle, is bravely and sncccsifully protected. Let us ihere, with wanton cruelty, defy the cr our country, ana by trampling ttn thm rim htm nf f in en?n rB ii.rai- - tha hnlir ! or; wedlpcic--- p irate husbacq and wife parents and children, and ignore the finest affections of the human heart. xes, jet U3 cams luouBSDua or nonoraDje, iov-in- g wives to be stigma t 'zed aa prostitutes, and their offspring, as bastards. , fully educated, to be branded wilb infamy, and deprived of heirship. list us desecrate their homes, and exterminate the only people of whom this nation can truly hrtitataa nrffnr nf nnrilv nnrl irinhronpji Tat their virtuous and honorable example shall, in the present reign of con bptlon, rise up before us M a burning reproof. Let us immure in loathsome prisons those urave men, wno, ror tne sage ox worsmping uwi accord! n a ' in th dictates of their own con fidences, left their homeaand the graves of their noble ancestors, and sought refuge in the sterile American Desert; where, nsrved by the power of faith in the arm of the Great Jehovah, for a While they bUtled with the elements or life, and at length, with indomitable energy, overcame the barrenness of the soil, and made the ? "Dsseret blossom as the rote.?? Those are the men, trite, with their sUlwart . of tbe Vety ecd btwn the com nn 1 it. the rich mlu ng mud Th 1a itixidte. - -' - Let us tear awy that mighty fh!eli of the rights of conscience, and rrjtector of the rights cf clt'zenship, our glorious Constitution -l- et us place pur veto on the com mands of the and presume to me sare rms with the Great Ruler of the Universe. Thus saitb the President, and thiis eaith the Congre83 of the. Uuited States of Amerci, by passing unconstitutional bill?, and in app inting and forcing upon Utah a Com . i9!irn compose 1 of men with undeveloped conscience e,,who assume preogtives, powerp,and awthtrity teyend their investment: who havicg inaugurated an obnoxious compulsory test oath to screen the lecherous and punish the pure, comil.cently smile when the inalienable rlkhls of Jocilciti zens are trampled upon, and tbe Juiicia? sanctum, which should be ao empoiiuna of justice y, Al-m'ght- . and q i ty,is trancfnim J intoanetof cjnspira-toan inquisitorial ci'.dron. E R. Snow Smith. Salt Lake City, Feb. 7, 18S5. A VIEW- - FEBRUARY - . t n r n ah em a of ,t b e E cn pre- - K ob-.aint-- i1 th-o- presented at d fltrent periods of the world' history by those powers which have ever been ng gr-a- t , wil r m. la it aoy wondr that the Eil are Po-e- striving to mad'y and to V'gircusly at this time to do pomethlng- - to prevent tbe birth of pure splrito In pure b die ? What else should they be strlviog for, knowing, a they d, that "their time is horl?" On'y to be faithftland dillgVnt remalDS for those who are look!n forward to the time when the evil powers will be bound, and -- SHALL REIGtfr tbe vain glory and wild speculation Which we now witnr ss on ycry haud L ! Oh! tbe dread doom of this prond eeueratlonl Why will they perish! Why not understand? Kep in the narrow path, And thu3 escape the wrath Which is now sweeping the nations amain; Stand with the meek and pure, . Xbey0iily an endnre, And righteous crowns 6ecnre; 6hall reign ! Ob 1 Ji-e'u- s Th' trumpets are sounding, th' seals being broken; The plagues are abroad of destruction and dearth; The wicked repent not. they heed not the token. . And soon thev'll be swept from the face of tbe earth. Cease not, ye saints, to call, ' Save, or we perish, all I Help us, onr Father, Thy laws to maintain; Oh! God of trnth and light, 7 11 1 1 1 1 Strengthen qs by Thy ra!j;ht, Thine Is th power, the right; - ' Jesus shall reign! , dispensa- fought. they ' They thirefore 'put it into the hearts of wicked men? to have the lives of infants taken which shcnld ba born in the times and places In which they supposed those mighty one? were to come forth. But notwithstanding all the great crimes committed in the shedding of ionoctnt blood at those times the plans of the Almighty were not frustrated. The very children whose lives were sought being safel guarded and kept alive. The Evil Powers were foiled and tui powers of l'ght were triumphant. In this, "The dispensation of the Fulness or Times,'? tbe 'evil powers seem to tke a somewhat different stand, though evidently work ng with the fame cbjrCi ?n view aa in orraer times. la to put it It appears now that their into the hearts of wicked men" to frame and gesk to enforce Jawa to the tfiect that children 7l Jesus shall reign! 1 LULA. 8. L. City. tions in which Meees and Jesus were to figure prominently, the Evil Powers feem to take into consideration beforehand the necessity of doing something to prevent the 'rise of euch mighty ons, in tbe intereat of that cause against which A DELIGHTFUL PARTY. Fditor Exponent: Howe gave a mot enj"viiii9 enrtainment to thn Idos of the 17fh Wrd. Her parlors were thrown open for their rereptlon, and two loner tsbTe wereVet In he dfn'ng-ro'-m- , on whch were plad the with many delicacies snbfntlals of tb abundantly garnihIoe the feat. Dinned waa On Rioter JuH Thnrsdy last s-a- on, Alder. Kwtie Kimball and Mis Zfna Hyde, were tbe mhafgrerine spirits attandant upon the tbVs. They preaHy assisted, ton, fn tbe order and fatlsfaction that every one preserved and ' felt , Bister Hydo preside! by appnfntmnt over the ' T hervPr VInd. uaopunninc RanneTii mrfe all feel at home. apmbV Affr r d'nner, all adjourned fo the lreeand bpantlful draw'ner room, where, after a tim, the guests were called upon to exprea their senti- bui-ioes- a , ut d Soon will the morn of the first resarrcctlon Gladden the Tal leys and brighten tbe waves; JParenta and children, and friends and connections, Sweetly rmbrace as they rise from their graves. Father, our hearts prepare, In the great bliss to share, More than reqnlfing all sorrow and pain; J oyons tbe anthem then, Angels and salnta again Echo the glad amen, 18S5. the truth. Al.kn in those ' w It is interesting to note the different phases opposed to if their .enemies -- ' Powers is w i itnee of a knowl of the faot that within a limiWd'ipaca of time, all tbe re to this earth, and maining spirits which-beioare to receive earthly tabernacles,-- J 1 be born oi the Cesb, That among them are many mas " ter ppirits, which have been reserved forthe wora of the latterdys. And that as soon as 7 these spirits hav received their fleahfj" taber-- . nacUs, and are bought fcrlb2 'Tbc end of the worl-twhich is the destruction of the wicked," thgovernment under which Yes. let us abrrgate the rights of its founders, inomuch that benwforth it shall be controlled bj gamblers and .speculator these who have no interest in c mmon with the people. Instead of the Territory of Utah as it had become a theme of bawt, as a nucleus of peace, good order and happinee; let us, through our crushfng policy, exhibit it to the nVtions abroad as a fpectacie of confusion desolation and ':' woe. I tiem dou bt cjuc cte i in conri q edge whiirh they taubt have ent from b not nave m-if- t Trritoiy brought in o x5etVnce and made to flourish, without aid, protection, or K"i" HIT HER HAST THOU FLED? a &nnetlng link birn. ibe world dves not want them, and the few people who do want them &Hll&aot: s , .0, JUSTICE I cfl pTibg 01 pSur .3: iern, uny e.uiin prsfsvtance, bestowed by those eatJy eettlt-r- of tho wilder-nes- ', on our eajlgrantshtn their supplies were exhausted, as they ere wending their way through to California. Let us plant the eees of. Uevasfation in a thriving, peaceful, bon8f, industrious commun-i'- y h . . " " m w J -' " 7 horse." Let us erace from the b iok of rem t mbrnt ca the countlefs deed? of hospitality and gene.-osi-t- ... W t1 practicable fcr thenation, the Ciminental" transit cf the firoh tht ''' Ho-l- -i diticU the instructions previously given, ail re ports ror toe centra! iJjard msyba in before the - 5th of March. The Relief Society, the Your - the m -e- merciai . ji'i"wv.i.MWMo-ouu-iiiiiTrrimi- rj are all rrnaested to Bend th!r tanr.vta . ue ccc.eiary kw of Central B ard. Relief Society Sarah M Kimball; Box 629, H; L. City, Y.J M. I A iAue m. ens, bcx dd3. H.iL.iUityPfni8ry Aisccfationp, Alice A. Jenkins, 8 L. City. Hesse be prompt in ending, that a complete and correct report may be made for the April '.. .r n t t;onrerence. The coLfllctlrjg reports and rumors nregara . to the condition of the Erg'iah troop3 in Egypt render it impossible to decide whether cr Lot Gen. Gordon has been killed, or indeed make it icmswhat doubtful whether Kharfojm has real- TJT r Ivy faILn . I a. (at irue mat tne brave ijuwevefjjini and gallant Earle, and also Leiut. Col. Eyre and Col. Coventry have been killed. The teegram? of Feb. Ji2;b78tate that the Englif-euccesnjvas complete. More troops are to be tent to Egypt and the straggle will continue. A ccuccd of war waa held at the War Office at noon on Thursday, Feb. 12tb. The Duke of Cambridge wjll review the troops before they leave for Egypt. The outlook is mt cheery for the English when their best officers and many of their soldiers - mnst - be - - -t ftAr! r f UV fCJ w j ernment seems quite willing to risk them, and such are the foitunea of war. r vfabl.bb The Stake Secretaries In the various 8takts bf , i. . . " Zbn w 1 Dleas 9 e" o v e r n 1 h m I R CLUIUlL'g !0 : m , ments upon euch eubjecta at they chesa to 