79 W0 IS? THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. I Tseulir adrerUsers. :- f3b6rSlbena09ct to , Expo5rsr OlSce, Koora No. 4, op etalrs, Ilooper and "Eldredge Block, Maia StretaJewdoorseoatjijpf-- . hoars Jirani 10 4. a. to 5 p. car- - "grrI.TTaIines3: HALT LAKE Utah. -- Salt Lake City Utah. CITY MAY 1835. 15, " Thst these are moni9ntou3and eventful times are only weak terms of expressing what la now transpiring In the midst of th'a people. It ia frequently remarked that these things have beu ant'clpafed; tbey are in fuiaUmsnt of does that make the situation lesa prophecy,-bu- t Important, and is it not bur daty to protest against injustice arid wronggainst thoee.who teek to take away our place "and despoil us of our lnherltancas, as much as though the.se.,. prophecies had never been uttered? Certainly. The Lord hai said importune for your rightsjay nayour grievances before the chief men e tion, and petition for redress cf your wrongs." And so, after having borne insult and injury, th brethren having been condemned to prison without testimony, and many obliged to flse to avoid being entrapped --in -- snares et to cat e'a" them, after having suffered these, and many other grave indignities, the people, acting upon the suggestion of leading msn, who are presumed to influenced by a h'gher power than the Territorial court?, suggested a way, by means, of which" the poople could give expression grievances under which they were suffering, and protest against the wrongs that were balng . " of-th- -- b-- j to-th- Inflicted. - - . ,;v;' , ; Bishop O. F. Whilny then rea l, In a powerful and fcrcibIemQiint;r, the. J3 jgjaration of. Grievances and Protest, to the President nd People cf the Uaited Ht&tep. The reading was giested with frtq ient bjrta-ohearty and pro-- 1 3ng8d applause', llou.- Jamt-- Sharp, Mayor of. the city, moved the adoption of the Declarallon and Proteat. Seconded. Bishop John Q. Cannon made a short, but strong and forcible speech, In which he stated-ta- at this protest wasnot made with cringing or shrinking, but with an unflinching deter mixtion to maintain the right. "The causes which impel U3 are mighty. T he ; only parallel In Arneticaa hhtory was at the commencement of the Rtvolutlonary war.' At the close music by ' the bra35 bend. ; Junius F. Wella Es delivered a telling epeech on the situation at the present time, and illustrated his arguments by. positive testimony' of facts, which are bayond contradiction. Musc ' by J'ireman'd band. Hon. F. J3, .Richards mme the most purely lcg'cil fpoech cf the day. Referred to the Utah Commia-iioneRnd their work, th8 tsst oath' they had Introduced, end closed by saying that whatever might be the result of this appeal to the American people, "History will do ua jaatlce, uad We will twa iudlcaiei In the protect adopted here to day." Pof. J. J. Diyries i a eclo on the grand orsn. B. H. Robarts Esq. was the last of the speakers. His manner was very earnest and impressive, and he spoke feelingly of the homsa of the people and the rights of freemeD, and denounced unsparingly the official acts of the Governor and the courta in dealing with "MorEaonp." The epeakerp, with the exception cf the chairman, are all youn men born and reared in Uib, and they have shown pretty well of what mettle they are m de. And there are thousands like them in these mountain vales. The Djclaratlcn of Grievances and Protest were ratified and adopted with all the enthusiasm cf a people whose souls were Inspired with zsal for the cauae they represented. Mesara John T. Caine, John W. Taylor, John Q. Cn-no- a were unanimously chosen as a delegation to proceed, to Washington and present the doca-Imeto the President of the United States. The choir sang the national aatham"America." Adjourned eiae die. Benediction by Bishop O. F. Whitney. - WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO PROTEST! . Chairman' nt - J a V:c? The choir ifcauj, OiJfty What ii truth?', Prayer vrtt3 of- :7 fercd by ApcMtle H. J. Grant, Mu3ie by the 8, S. Unbn bra?8 band. TrteCaalrmtn then stated briefly the object t7 the meeting, and made .the opening speech, in which he gave a graphic description of pome Of the persecutions and hardship bravely en-- : Uured by this people, and related fit msthiDg of t he I r history since,- - the .first of . eTsry day, except Sandaj. Address all business communications to "ri wtrenciuiiva!?vlandusUlae? j scsi-aoalU- .fSibo:-"month, NKNT, ij 3rVmItrrartiuru Cisxlzn as Assistant HecretarJes. La Silt Lake atyr CUa j, Pau;siicvi Terras: ce copy se yef, $3. 00; oee copy alx mouths Ten for tha price of idee. Adwtislnjr $1.03 .Uq' M A N s ; per-lor- me - inAccordingly, a committee of. twaniy-twtelligent and; representative men from all parts of the Territory were appolntel at the G?ncral Cinfetence In Logan, April 1885, to drsft a series of resolations, and a protest, to be sent to the President of the United Stntef, asking for redress or investigation, and protesting agamst further inhuman proceedings until a special report c lull ba made, This Declaration of Grievances and Protest were carefulty pr pared, and every point now under . dl3CU3sioa m4'ie spcifla"aad clear, iud presented in the ..most respectful manner so that there ecu d be no effenee laken,reven in the wordinl of tha document; and after the committee had completed the woik, a mas meeting was called, to convene ia tha county town of each Btaka of Z on, oh Saturday, the 2nd of My, to ratify in general assembly the Declaration and Protest SOME IMPORTANT MATTERS. and to give expression to the 3e?ingi and sentiments of the people on the uVject, which, at Since the last i3sue of our. paper, on the 1st of the present timHins no tr at their hearts. MV eeTeral events of great importanca to thl3 The ma3 meeting bel l In 8atrLikF City people have transpired. Foatot the Eldera cf convened In the larg3 Tabernacle at cne o'clock Iarael vei J8enteGced to the . Penitentiary p.m. , on the day appointed, and wca a large and 7Tor obeying a vitaJprinciple of the religion an enthus!a?Ic gathering of a multitude of peo-pwhich is a part, a it were, of their very life. Hon Wm. Jznnings oiled the vast assem; Persecution: seemi indeed a portion' of the to bly order,nd nominated Hon. John T. Caine heritage bequeathed to the Snlnts of God; and aa cbairman. The motion was seconded and can thoe who live In the last dispensation of carried unanimously. Heber M. Wella wag the fulncfs of times expect to escape it? It eleotei 8cretary, and,procseded to read the call "mnt needs ba thaV cflencea cou:e," gjtid the for the meeting. Messrs Wm. Jennings, T. Savior, ''but wee, ba to them by whom they G, Wrbber, E. A. Smith, G. D. and come!" And Brinton, it 13 our firm conviction Mi&s Mary E. Cook and Dr. Romania B. Prat that those brethren who are imprisoned for the o nt h" el to-da- y j?p?rAiakeart tho.se who -- h4pjkr : l.nwi"prtoii "lliau" vT8 the tneans of wndlug them to that miserable place, built solely for persons who are gallty : of actual crime. Theee brethren are Innocent of evil, but a lav hav been made to mak a crime of that which Is not sin in. the sight of God. In fact of what G d himself has positively approvedjlf one believes the 8cr!plure3. How many more must yet pass through this try ing ordeal is not known; but what TAtter-da- y r Saint on help rejoicing In the heroism and rntegrlty of THioaa vallanfiinen. Is It not a testis . mony to all the world that they are net ashame, of the Gospel of Christ which they have es. J f At. j r: pmists j, anu mat incy are winmg touiierTatner " -- 1 . . A a A a frw tYiA tultroUnn thntl rlenxr a niin nlnl VAoa and exaltation of the human family? The opposing influence and powers of dark., 1 -- "nessmay be, and perhaps are strong against this people at the present time, but they cannot break asunder the bond3 that bind the Siints together, the covenant poople of God, nor can Tithey hinder the Increase of His people through the channel which He has appointed, viz , ''the such stress upon. They may have power to break up some homes, temporarily, and scatter the families, but though separated from each other, God will bo with them and will bring them together again, for their trust Is" In Him who holds the destinies of nations in His hands, and who can command even the waves of the i e, and Fay, "Thus far ehalt thou go and n0 farther," and here shall thy proud waves be stayed. The Latter day Saints have nothing to fear if they are only falthfuland true to the covenants they have'made to God and to each other. The rocnpiure eayp, i?ear not tno3e tnatrcan kill the body, bat rather fear Him who can ca3t both Oul and body Into hell " Bat while we watch and pray that yrc may be pieaerved from evil influences and the powers of darkness, and from wicked and designing men, who rejoice when the servants of God are betrayed into their hands, let us watcb, as well as pray, and guard ourselves from all foea within and without, and be wise and prudent in all we do or say, and "remember them that are In bonds as bound with .them." They are suffering' for a principle, one that is repugnant to the world because of Its parity, for. the world loves its own. The very men who condemn the Latter-da- y Saints for of a pure and holy principle, which . they themselves acknowledge to be a part of the religious faith of the "Mormon" people, have, . . . J iiiiririir i,' inn ronnn r rr ia a o i m i...rf mI the-pract- ' I A A a m . ice' . ' mandslaw, was made specially for those who entered into the marriage relation, and not for those who were guilty of adultery and similar ofltjncos against good order and deeeney. So much for s o mueh; those wno are . thu s as Eooiated should look upon this as an honor, though unwittingly rendered; thus, even these officials, whe are seeking to bring this peoplo into bondage, are bound to acknowledge a certain superiority in the Latter-daSaints. And did not Judge Zne admit, in his answer to Bro. Musser'a questions, that the , wives were equal, when he eald he might take either one of them aa his wife, but only cne? ' It is plain to see that every now and then they get beyond their level, end make the rulings of theuourt.a jest and a byword. But the Lord wui uoniounu inem, py ana oy, B3 compisteiy as He did ths people who tried to make a tower that would reach unto heaven, if not In the " eame way. y '. . "".T?r T" EDITORIAL NOTES. We had the pleaaure of attending the the an nual meeting of the Relief Society of the 19th Ward of this city, on Tuesday, May 5th, at two -- 