0 M AK W financiers, but it fctuua those nsKx.iatedjn 'the' Kciici Society have done a great de tl,y nd with Email mean?; and said much more in regard to their lidding, taking care orthe injorand the'" alluded to the Bcrca'se 'of our ick. AU numbers,not paly by emigration, hut through , he offspring of the Latter-daiu';. .H7;r'6 f to the our labors of and that prejuopposition dice against-women'organizations was gradu- away; and said many other, good ally weaiing " y I s . ..'things '. . : .. Sister I. L. Kimball alluded to the remark-z- z able events now transpiring, the fulfilment of the beautiful manifestatiSns that r prophecies,and iiai been received by those- - laboring in the'Xo-,ga- n Temple for the redemption of their dead. She had visited several of the settlements-Nort- h and met with the sistere in their meet- found them doing an active work in their ing?, local organisations. Spoke of the way in which woman had been considered in past and of the opportunities for knowledge and ad- . a-e- ;. s vancement jhojejjjoyed Sister Sarah M. Kimball in the course of her remarks-said- , the sisters are increasing in faith and in the ability to handle means and this is favorable; for if we are faithful over a lew things we have the promise of more, and we have proven that the blessing of God has been upon the Relief Society. It had a small beginning and wc.had much to humiliate us, but thank jrod for the degreofj3tanding-w- e have attained .and for- success in our endeavors.- t spoKe o: tne tact necessary to bestow heJp upon to-da- y. f- . 1 hurting them; thought all these thing3 required, wisdom. Sister B. W. Smith thought the times would" grow better and that the saints would be more happy; we ought to be wise, watchful, prayerful, and if we had to contend for our rights we would appreciate them all thermore. fcisterfcarah J. Cannon spoke oLmiiLilesire-ta-- lotiutevWlrieoultl to aid in the great work the sisters were doing; she felt that it was a good place to be instructed, and those that came there ought to do something more thaii just to be represented. She enjoyed meeting ueieriumeu 10 perse"hiji.uw buius auu ' vere. ; x ;. " , here. 'v 'wwuw wuuitivu ' wx ' vi;t.&t&tJflftwttk rri,,, inemxhfcn itcau "easiiy.e seen'vhat is hV A'11 v ,,8w.llii'un hack into the - one family. This 1 " . jng; neiicibn-by-PrestL5Uie1Fe- - lt. rr.ijArwY, s, l. "stake- The Quarterly Conference convened in tho Fourteenth Ward Hall, Dec, 27, at 10 a.m., -- . d ' - : "ringing ''Dearest Children;" Prayer by Sister Jennio ilcLean: sbinmr.' "Hone of Israel." Minutes were read and accented. Mrs. M. v James reportedlhat in thSeventErVTartI therhad what they called an 'emisraPri-mar- ' Y L. M. L A. 3. L. SXAKE. The Y. L. M. I. A. Quarterly Conference of S. L. Stake convened in the Fourteenth1 Ward Usembly Rooms, Saturday, Hec. 27, 1884, Mrs. Mary A. Freeze presiding. After the usual exercises of singing and prayer, the minutes of previous conference were read by the secretary and accepted. Prest. Freeze , . . M l .1 tnerrcaiiea"upuii the presidents to report associations. The following wards were reported: 2nd, 3rd, 4th, Gth, 7th, 10th, 11th, 15th, 14th, loth, 17th, lUth, 20th, 21st, Sugar-HousBig Cottonwood and Union. Prest. Freezcsaid, 1 am pleased to see the young sisters come forward and report their they are gaining ground and will continue to improve; expressed herself very wdl satisfied with the reports and urged the young ladies to try to make their meetings interesting and attractive, said she thought the best meetings were testimony meeting, and more that when the 'spirit-o- f our religion woirldtio fully grown in our hearts that vj away with our programme. Believed in forming good resolutions; said we find thuj by watching ourselves how weak we are; said if. we would refrain from speaking of persons in " their absence except as we would iivtueir pres- Spoke euce, it would be a great point gained other some and gave against round dancing good counsel. Referred to her having chosen Miss Nellie Colebruok as her counselor, and asked the young ladies, as she felt sure she was the right person for the place, to sustain her. ' Spoke of the necessity of a Stake fund. Counselor Nellie Colebrook occupied a shorty -time referred to the d i iiereuce iti'standing before the sisters to address them by the right words of.'au spirit and the. actress reading the other aright. Referred to spiritual influence and spoke of her happiness in reflecting that she had been an obedient girl to her parents,.: and exhorted the young to obedience to paj cuts and to authorities. Dr. Maggie ShLpp gave a sketch of her trip north, and protested in her remarks against as well as skating rinks as injurious to health, i ijurious in other ways. Couu. Mattie Home Tingey thought if the . had heard youn ladies, remembered half they towards it would advance them a long way had not a testimony perfection; thought if we ' . mid .Prest. Freeze in her closing remarks advised the associations not to forget their Hospital due?. Thought concerts wero nrefivihln to ' dancing parties. Conference adjourned for three month3;siu'g-- ' - " , -- ts pro--gre- ss families that do not keep a record of the birth of their own children, .she heard a letter rehd from a poor family of ten in the bid country, ' ' and they were in a state of great destitution; but we are here where there is no lack but an abundance. Organization as we' have it here is beautiful; united we stand: divided we fall. When we hear the reports read of Jthe thousands of children under eight years ofmany it seems a3 though Zion was "growing andage, the blessings of life and health are with us. When" we were but a handful,driven from our homes, living in sod houses on the hillcide to protect ' us from the cold of winter, iustead of using" our tallow candles to make our hut cheerful, we were thankful if we had one to grease our frying pans with, our food though coarse, our fare, though hard, we enjoyed with a, relisli:-anpeace that God only gives, and we can tell the" world with all- their apposing influence that, we know, on whom we lean. - - ' ; . pre.-iden- will save: a great deal of trouble and confusion. We should keep our records. She knew of - - Freeze on lier clioice of JL)unselor;; thought in choosing counselors should seek. those.that were congenial to them. Spoke upon obedience, felt that there had been great made by the young ladies; referred to the reading in the associations and recommended .them to read from the Bible aud Book of Mormon, denounced fictitious literature, and said we want that which will cultivate the Spirit of the Lord. We drink in the spirit of what wo 9 that name, though different fam- - : e . . " rrcst-EXaoc w-u- ti i i ai i n Dr. E. S. Barney having been called to the stand, said she had been devoting the most of her time for the last four months in searching genealogical records in the Historian's Office for the names of Stevens, it being her father's name; she wa3. gathering all she could find on .both continents, expecting to have those of that name assist in doing-th- e work for the dead when the record is completed. It is in accordance to Scripture to perform ordinances for the dead. It is this that the saints are building temples for. Qf course we will havo to get together our records and be diligeni in KCttinir ihem. before flier nrp flnstmvp.l lv limj " and calamities of different kiuds that aro sure to come upon the nations.- Prest. Richards has 1 kindly proffered a gratutious access to his gen- ealogical library in the Historian's Office for the saints. He has published also a list of reeuros, ot lamilies in thcDeseret News, but many names are found in the Index of those families that are associated with, them by intermarrying that he could not publish, but - from !:.he(J-- it was our own fault, for the Lord expects us to it. Let us seek after the Spirit uf God. Let us control our thoughts lest we speak or. d o w'ron g, every one has a right to arcertai n ' ' revelation. of portion .seek for e, Prest. Home presented some business matters and spoke of the great blessing it is to obtain knowledge of the things of God. Encouraged the sisters in good works; urged them to attend to their duties in the Relief Society and prayed God to bless them. - i their-respectiv- . ; 127 1 Sister E. B. Wells spoke of her" desire to make more rapid progress in the new year and to do better; had made' many new resolves; thought we ought: to be specially kind to for- oigners and alt new comers, and mule other L KX V 0 NEWT :they can oe found betaking sufficient time. v or, of this kind cannot be done in a hurry, ; hut tmi. must be given to it, as one would if studying arithmetic. When these records are compiled then eachcan refej.to tJbe record of i- thoso in need without B fiinrl and. Waned . .- tn hp.' nhlrt in eoml .v. fnr r-- q M, child to come toZion very soon.a , Miss L. Edmonds said that in the Tenth Ward if the , officers were not present the children would uurrj iju iuu iuttLiug?,suiu iu u:ia mugut ner a 1 lesson not to postpone their meetings for anything. Mrs. Clawson' reported the Twellth Ward as improving and increasing in numbers. Mri.-- I A. WelU renorted the Thirl state.1 that they had a varied and Ward, aud a complete organization. A song was then sung by four little girls of Uq OfbVi VnA j onfltlod 4,n.I hire aI'nnn". v trio juviu ii Mrs. Clara Cannon of the 14lh Ward said sho had been sick and not able to attend her meetings of late, but was much interested in the work and wanted tosoo the children improve. A very little girl from the 20ih ward recited a piece entitled 'Darling Nestlings." Mrs: itiurrin, i 'Jin u. iuut saiu tjiii a. i Hiiaij tiiA.-- tuning very well; they had a very nice party on Tiiauksgiviug Day ,and spoke ota little orphan frirl in the ward that wus a .beautiful dancer. and the children had made her a nice present. The children sang in concert ''Word of Wis- - - j . " v 1 report of thelGth ward Primary, and Mrs. Toone of the 20th. Two little. girls sang, "Let us all speak kindly to each other." Mrs. McGhie,' Sugar House. jow fhor had taken tho chil- drerrTn thesummer to see an old lady who Was blind, and one of the little boys bore his testiwoman great joy. mony, which gave the blind said their Cottonwood Mrs. Sutherland of Big ii association had made a jii t, aud pieced it all themselves. Tue children were all very A little, anxious to como t tht-i- . girl from the 15ih ward "sang "VvreIcome, Sabbaih r.iomiiig Preit. Clawsun mad ; soil).; remarks and the iVir.thak would.Lo-helnext fall. . A little irirl from tho loth ward redited a It O "When we aret standing it ntho fhresh- oid " Tv ) ' b ys irom the iul.i wani sang, CouuJ Ly dia fl Kally rou n d tho ag, boys." Ann Wells urged the children to prayjin the taidhe nomorning. as well as the evening; said ameiiit ticed that few. of the presidents heard-Apostshe them told the close of their remarks; should say Lyman say that eyery one Mrs. llerride crave a good : r iiK-etin- . wel-coni- e, ' pit-ci'- , -- le d 