WOMAN'S" EXPONENTr FAREWELL TO LOVE other, it may bc is refined, delicate, and ele spirit may "enter in and dwell thfitre;"- that when vated in her As a wife, pure lrt flflVS tn wimn if .'tnaiT onfoF lmnn Jta rthlv and holy, and desiring worthily to fulfill her career in the rich abundance of maturity, alD shall be eonstrained to ' gay - behold - one who marital covenants, but without ' any previous drawing out of her love, or endearments- or was born in Zion, whom the Lord hath blest." To be an agent, a the slightest reflection of the end and pur in such a Iieaven-J- y -she-who would shrink from suffering.. seized'as' is pose of such an association, .enterprise Volumes might be written upon this mar the victim, or receptacle of mere, animal pas sion? Imagine the constant repetition of such mysterious subject, but' I pray even this hint may cause deeper thoughts to arise in the a course, can love hold out, and endure such a .semblance, of ravishment, aniLjytLtutn? pure bosom, that yearns to know, the way ot harah.wonk '.these but no other would rightly1: truth and holiness thatit may walk therein, for portray the acts, yo a wedded wife, she feels no others do I make these thoughts palpable, but I glory in the thought that pod and angels outraged, and how many bitter tears fall as witness them. an accompaniment. She cannot but leel she is Hannah T. King. degraded.-- , No wonder if her cry at such a Salt Lake City, August 1885; moment is that she may be released from such a tlef or supposing "not quite so bad a case, yet where the mind and. the system has had no . previous preparation', where .is the joy,the love, THE PAY OF SINGERS. the extacy that should attend the procreation of an immortal being: Will- a passive endurMme. Nilsson,in a conversation with a friend, ance, or animal love alone produce a taberrecently discussed the earnings of soprano nacle worthy of an immortal beiag, which should be one partaking of the elements of singers. She said: "You think the rate we are paid is extravawhich eternity i3 composed,- and which ought ' gant. I have had Bevere losses at times,bu these to inspire it conception? have nothing to do. with the question are we When we realize the reverse of all thiseed overpaid? Now, in the first place mon ami, w we marvel at the beings we often meet, who if are rare, wo song birds, iou can count ail they ever attain purity of character it must be the soprani of the first line on the fingers of py a crucifying process, anu tew minds are one hand. Now, take our kindred artist, the strong enongh to combat with a perverted nature, There ar many phases which such, a pssfoter. He is not such a rare bird as a soprano. If he is reallv good, and paints porunion may produce, and consequently the different natures one meets; traits in Londen ox Paris, he makes froca a year. "He is not only not with; X feel sure that' Latter-da- y fcaints, many rare he is numerous. What say you of your of the most enlightened, study, with holy .fear ' Iillais,.Holl, Leighton, Herkomer, Ouless int and reverence, the wonderful and often ill London; and Meissonnier, Carolus Dunran understood command "Be fruitful and multi and Cabanil, not to mention poor Bastien-Le-pagply" hat was given when there were but in Paris, as well as Sargent and seVeral two human beings upon ; the earth, and before more? We singers twe rare; we are.com peted tho earth was replenished or cultivated. Let us meditate ; a moment upon the for,and aocofding to your natnral law of valut, fetch a high price, as would a fairly handsome tremendous responsibility incurred "when the (Jiamond. Such a one as J worth 300 or being we call into existence is to live thro' the 400 now. if there were onlv four or five in countless aes of eternity, and who will carrv the organization with all its propensities, high, "the world, would fefeh twenty, thirty thousand orlo-iv- , ne smcer cannot roon wuui you.-wiuthro all these coualls ages for these in her singiBg form identity. Would it not be worthy therefore dotage, as a painter cn paint. life The of the" artist on canvas is to study how we may jDreparejmrselves to pro- w6rking fully twice as long as that of the singer, whose create oeings tne elements ot wnora snail pe voice or general healtfi may break down any lite, strength and unfading beauty, not dis. moment, and who is exposed to risks in hurryease, distortion, decay, and death. To obtain the former, we must be filled with ing From one engagemeuk to another, from which the painter is entirely free. As for me, principles at the conception jofthat being, thfen I lead, a triangular life between London, Paris, it will be" an honor to the great.Father of "the and the United States. All receive me charmspirits of all flesh," as also to its earthly parentingly, and the Amerjans always seem delightage, and a blessing temporaHy and eternally to ste me again. But the 'life of a singer ed to the individual being. A ! is made up of hard work, care and Then my .thoughts suggested that beiqgs meditating such communion should dr.awout .so far as I know the absolute conditions of achieving and sustaining a high professional uy mu pest auecuons eacn possess Dy Kina ana reputation. One lives; as"'.it were, in a glass elevating association for they are equal in this case." Ex. wondrous act "neither are greater of less than the other." The Duetto should endeaf or to elevate their individual nature and character and so act and react on each other; agreeaWith a tender remembraaee of that mag ble reading or ' conversation, beautiful soul nificent women Helen Hunt Jackson, of Colo- -, music and even all thrilling rado Springs, we record her " demise. Mrs. agreeable food; I Z these and much more are essentials. Jackson died on the 12 of. August in San There is a language without sound, which Francisco where, she went for the benefit of tho loving soul intuitively comprehends. her health sometime previous. Mrs. Jackson Should the mind of either be harassed it wrote over the signature of H. H. and is wideshould be soothed by gentle syranathv till ly knpwn as a journalist of rare merit. IJer is and restored whole the ta calm, last book is entitled 'Ramoaa" and has been -peace organi zation; omft nothing that will strengthen, puri spoken of by Critics and reviewers a3 the best fy, refine and elevate both mind and body: novel by an , American woman. Mrs. give the body especial and refining attention. s.a. was a New England woman and her father for it is to transmit a temple for an immortal was one of the founders of Amhurst college, baing. Thou when thus molded and prepared. Mass. During her two visits in this city we and a sweet and. heavenly mood produced j let had many interesting, conversations, and she hands be joined in holy love and confidence, expressed herself always as Intensely interested and kneeling together in holy braver, implore int all i religions, especially anything new or the sanctifvinff. mirifvinp' inflnpnr.p. nf thA original and when it most concerned women. of God be infused to into Spirit each system, She was one of the- peculiarly rare women ' that the acf may be pure and holy, that a on ce whom met, one can never -forhaving " . tabernacle may be organized in which a! noble ; get. - -- e. very-natur- Fiery"r3Vsfte 'mountain torrent, "- s Fiercer far the love I feel; Asa rock by lightning riven, Throbs the wound that will not hcaV Maiden, thou whose sunny g?aacs Cause this icy biasl fov Can thy heart be made of marble? Must thy bosom be as snow? ' - -- Like t hcrsoanxbofighing breezes, Sweeping o'er the wooded hill; Or the sobbing of the waters, When all else is calm and still; Must this heart heave on forever .'Neath its passion swift or slow,-A- nd thine own remain unyielding FixM.aofl frozen as the snow? co-partn- er vel-'ou- s, . -- Burns tin; flame that finds no fuel? Shall the unfed fountain run? . Sings the bird that wakes no echo? Blooms the fiow'r that sees no sun? How shall then my soul's affection T Gleam with unrequited glow, Or, like sun o'er Alpine summits, Shine upon eternal snow? . - : - - ; . - '' O sweet but cruel passion! Thou wert never kind to me. Iiowed I ne'er before thine altar, But to see thee turn and ies. Never more will I adore thee, False and fickle goddess Go! For thy brow is white as marble,' But thy bosom, cold as snow. . Logan, August, 1835. Love! . ( . . : -- , " . aud-iemperam- - , ents . Til E R O Y A L JMARRIAGE. R. H. PRINCESS BEATRICE. TO H. e, t Two Suns of Love make day of human life, Which else with all its pains and griefs and deaths Were utter darkness one, the Sun of dawn That brightens thro the'Mother's tender eyes, And warms the child's awakening world aodoha The later-risin- g Sun of spousal Love Which from her household orbit draws the child To move in other sphyes. The Mother weeps At that white funeral of the single life v : -- . -- , Hefnaiden daughtersinarrlage", and her tears j . -- Are half of pleasure, half of pain the child Is happy ev'n in leaving her! but "Thou, True daughter, whose filial eyes Wilt neither quit the widow'd Crown, nor let ' This later light of Love have risen in vain, But moving thro' the Mother's home, between The two thdt love thee, lead a Vurnmer life, SwayM by each Love, and swaying toach Lore Like some conjunctured planet in mid heaven Between two Suns, and drawing down from both The light, and genial warmth of double 4ay. -- life-givi- ng , self-deni- al Tennyson. - 1885. juiyt t PROCREATION. i iitv. a ucrLiiacc ...i j is vnoiy ground. wuereon inuu sxauuesi 1 a realize the sanctity ot the above extract T J . i. V" tne suDiect Ir .iiym uuiy writ, as x commence am about to briefly consider. As I.lay 011 my bed in th3 silent watches of .1 i 1 fL trio 1 a -- ....... t rh t n H . 1 : df 1nr)A'nlitiknUlA fi 1 flam n r nn1 mn ri r w W oivvnu ttuu nattiu, reuuiciuiug Ml ' 1 r--t r- . F 111 .. I IMC I L . 11,. iWJUW ing thoughts floated thro ray brain, vividly :. . it. impressing ' What a .wonderful and mysterious work is Procreation! how little, if at all. understood by the world.oreyen by a large majority of the. .uatter-dabaints. It u shocking to think and know, how it is performed in what is called the world! without one , thought of preparation; or the mighty results of such communion. with nnthinrrn hut.- i yjue nartv nerhans: o i r7 nharo-p-even coarse animal passion, if not inflamed, I by 'stimuli, which .... is often the case, while the y A . -- -- : : - : - - 