WOMJS 152. - proved. Ar.drews, and Mi-- s Theresa Williams. Connecticut Miss F. E. Barr. Colorado Margaret B wen. " CalifbrriiarIi. De Gordon. Illioois Dr. Alice B. 6tbckham. ; Kansas A. L. Diggs. Kentucky 31 hs Laura White.r: I 'jzr: T T Iowa Mary E. McPherson. Maine 31m. M.S. Carlisle. : Massachusetts Mrs. Sophia A. Forbes, Mrs." Cora V. Smarts Harriet R. Shattuck. Nebraska Clara B. Colby. Maryland Amanda M. f&est. Kew York E.G: Stanton, M. J. Gage, L. D. Blake, C. G. Rogers, Mrs. Hal leek, Mrs. Hull, S. W.Ellis, Dr. Harriet B. Chapin. Ohio S. M. Perkins, E. S. Fray. . Pennsylvania- - Matilda Hindman. Mrs. Amelia P. Post. : "Wyoming At the executive" session held - Wednesday morning the Woman Suffrage Association elected the following officers: President, Elizabeth , Cady Stanton; at large, Susan B. Anthony ,MatiIda joslyn Gage, Rev. Olym- ia Brown, Phcebe W. Cousens, Abigail Scott funiway; chairman of the executive committee. May Wright Sewall; recording secretaries, Ellen H. Sheldon, Washington ;EIiza T. Ward, wasningtonj reari Aaam?,iinnois; correspona- , 7- ' " 0 SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF ,v...,l-.-- HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AG RIC ULT UK AL TOOLS AND IMPLE- y o MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, ' PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL ? GRADE3 AND NEWEST DESIGNS. Ve 5r Stock than ' V ' . carry a hrgtr and more complete any house In the west. H. . -- SELD R E D C E, Su pt Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S ; Secretary. ' . "" Will bo found the latest styles and pioductiong TAKE NOTICE. LACES, RUCHES, E3IBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, All the subscribers of the Woman's Exponent in the city will please send their address, name, street and number, to'this Officejin order to have their papers delivered by the mail carriers. J!heJ2efere, an , CORRESPONDENCE. Co., Utah . Editor Exponent: The British brewers last year paid $45,000,-00- 0 in taxes, and exported more than $7,500,--00- 0 worth, of beer. ' . And an elegant assortmenf of IDE IT il 1 ustrated comic paper," has been started in this city. It is always full of smart an funny things, at least the. three copies we havereceived were. The editors are 3Iessrs. J. Rich and S, Kenne r,both celebrated for their originality and sarcasms, puns, etc. If the.Jieferee does not succeed, it will not be for Jack of talented and witty editors. - Wanderer. As I have never read anything in your valuable columns about' Snowville (which I will state for explanation is named in honor of our beloved Apostle Lorenzo Snow, and not be- cause-w- e have any more snow than you do in Salt Lake City), I thought I would drop you a few line9 concerning our ward. . We are, the mostof us, striving to be Latter-da- y Saints. Our Relief Society is inifull force, with Sister Mary Goodliffa as Prest. They look after the poor in purse and spirit, and the sick also; they have lots of wheat on hand, in fact the Bishop says they are the richest people in the ward, and if you want anything done without fail, call on the Relief Society, and it is done. The Y. M. and Y. L. 31. I. A. are in a most flourishing condition; they meet conjointly every Sunday evening. This is the Bishop's plan to keep the young folks together, and a niost admirable and successfuf one it haj ! i Vo o :- ts .SnowvilleBox Elder . - If- not behind, but is doing its best. The Presidency, 31. A. Green, E. Ballam and S. Hurd. are alive to their duties and interested in the work, striving to do all they can to teach, instruct and interest the children. Truly the Primary work is a great and glorious one. V lv We have "a nice Sunday School, which would . k, Bciitation. is nn compare favorably with any, I think. Of course we have macv obstacles and drawbacks w hi ch is ccrnsis ten t and common to al 1 you ug fettlements. : have not but w,e a Bishop (A. least, Last, GoodlifTe)aud counsel that are up to the mark. They are awake and doing. - We also have that element known as "Liberalism "which is encouraging, though, trying, and a cause many times of sorrow to the true Latter-daSaints but the Lord has said that there must needs be opposition, it is necessary to taste the bitter-tknow and appreciate the sweet, and where the''' work of God is, there is opposition, or Satan's " r. , work, also. will tell you about a sur- Before closing I prise gotten up on the Prest. oi the Y, L. 31. I. A., Sister E E. Goodliffe,lt was her birth-- 5 day; and a few relatives, etc., had been invited -to supper, when lo and behold ! here comes a whole' party and literally stormed the place, taking our beloved President at a decided disadvantage. It was indeed a most enjoyable affair. There weie speeches, in which one and all bore. testimony, to the. goodness and worth of Sister Goodlitfe, songs,' dancing and lots of pies and cakes, etc. Your paper is a welcome guest in our homes and we say long life to "Aunt Em" and her able stafi and God bless you. 7 , H.R.-Shattuc- Primary Association -- -- vice-presiden- enkwy The - vice-presiden- ts -foreign corresponding secretaries, England x age, Caroline jjuuuon; xjyuia xj. Decxer, Manchester; Fiance, Mme. Marguerrette Berry Stanton; M'lle Hubertine, Anclert, and Charlotte B. Wilbur, Paris; Germany, Clara Neyman, Berlin; treasurer, Jane H. SpuSbrd, Washington auditors, Ruth JC. Dennison and Julia A Wiibur,""6f this "city. In add ition to and these, honorary and regular members uf the executive committee were chosen to represent the different states and territories. The honorary vice presidents for this District are Rosina M. Parnell, Susan Edsori, 31. D., and Ruth G. Dennison, the regular local vice president being Ellen 31. O'Conner. The chairrnan of the executive committee is 3fay Wright Sewall, and the local members Belva A Lock wood and Caroline B.Wioslow. The chairman of the executive committee submitted a number of recommendations and suggestions, including a proposition for the establishment of a national: headquarters and a paper to be the organ of the association; and alsojhe holding ofLjonyention.iin the different states. 31rs of Massachusetts, basis lan a for a of reported j delegate re pre- " ESTAULIHIIED OCTOBER, liW. Their meetings are conducted similar thoVe in Salt Lake City every one, without to exception, tries to do the best he can when called upou. Ihave never yet heard but. one. person askjo, be excused when'calle4 upon tO;, Mrs. Jane IL -- Spofford, Miss:EHzabethVVil-- 4 son, Mrs. Sarah J. Meser, Miss Frances B. . EXPONE N T . ; OODS for Ladiesr Misses' and O- - Special department ' fant's Shoes. In- &v 112, 114, 116, 113 . East Temple Street. Silks! Home-Mad- e Milt Dress Goods, Ottoman, Oro grains. Brocaded and Plain Natln and Grenadines; also Handkerchief, For Sale at MAnufacturebs Peice3. by Home-Had- e MRS. B. P. MUSSER, 8econd tlouso South of Silk Factory, Canyon Road) George C. Miln, after being in turn a clergyman and an actor, is about to become a lecturer. 3Ir. Miln would make an admirable frontispiece for the "Descent of Man." New York Auerbach & Bro. ' A Full and Complete Stock of MILLINERY. Grajhit. - Life is warfare, and those who climb up and Sprint and Summer Goods down steep paths and go through dangerous enterprises are the brave men and the leaders in the camp, but to rest basely at the cost of others' labors is to be a coward, safe because despised. Seneca. AND LADIES tsssu CALL DRESS A ND TRinniSGS. EX AMINK. . Sometimes the "heaviest wheat of all" mar spring up from seeds dropped in ah accidental way. What a motive to the. maintenance of personal holiness ! The accidental is a shadow of the intentional. Influence is the exhalation of character,--I- T, M Taytor - - TiUiES Ss CO., ; TINNERS CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS Agent for RUMSRY celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMP Pumps Repaired on shon notice. Orders Ifum " the country promptly responded to. ? 