1 W OMAN S 1 K4 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. CliniLIIE B. TTELU5, jifidlxsica ---t:: -- SALT - LAKE CITY, APRIL !, 155. FASHION, FOLLY, WISDOM. I am more than pleased At the action that has of late been taken ty the Young Ladles' Mutual Improvement Associations throughout Zion to dhcountenance the spending of money with thost that are not of up; even for the necessary articles of clothing, bat more especially the dispensing with those articles that may be classed among the useless; commonly termed gewgaws, but yet are extensively Indulged in a3 a sort of vanity. d, to-da- y, -- wruug. m suuri, mere is nru of Baby loa'lo dayjbiu practice narujya and scanned by the light of revelation, would reveal a wrong some where; even those practises that pertain to the higher walks of life that are by them considered perfect. We have been told to "come out of her." What for? "That ye be not partakers, of her slap," etc. Was it our bodies merely that we were to bring out of Babylon, and yet retain her customs, her habits and her practices? m" com-mande- Othb - 1 -- , rd to-da- y. ; " f The Lord has been pleased to reveal Himself upon every matter that pertains to our conduct upon the earth; He has taught U3 not only in relation to that which we should eat an 3 drink, bat has spoken very dsfinitely in regard to our drtts. Here la His language: "Thou sbalt not teprond in thy heart; let thy garments be plain and their' beauty the beauty of- - the work of thine own hands." Whila I woul 1 be sorry to auggest anything that should in the least tend to destroy In my eteteis the love of the beautiful, or that inclination to the legitimate adorn, me lit of the body, which I view to be a gift frjm God, yet would I warn the daughters of Zon against Imitating the fashions and follies of a corrupt world, whose style of dres?,and the accompanying the gams, do net originate with the chaste and pure of woman-kinbut are furnished by men who are paid fabulous sums of money to invent styles and fashions that pander to the most vitiated tastes and wanton desires. Fashions that grati'y vain and wicked ambitions and after accomplishing their purpose are speedily cast aside to be replaced by others that have their origin from the si me source. The Lord has toll us that He is not pleaded with the world nor their practices. He told Joseph Smith to leave their religion alone, for it -- If ihere is iv thing that per or., wisdom that we are Justified in ignoilngj and tafes to Bablcn that i worthy tf salvation; but before we can be acceptable to our Father we al! mm f t destroyed? Can there possibly be will b e ound observing all that He has d ..; us. anything in her that Is worthy of Imitation by '";T7""'.that peopls whem God baa expressly command I have written thus, plainly to show my siv to "corn e ou t ' ofh"et ? 'contrary , ters the magnitude of the work that lies before wherever Babylon fcs found to exist In any one them. It will reojaire much particular there is danger or "plague 'ar:J0? .i. tience and much prayer, as well as considerable has a worn to destroy her, and thai, too, so uttertime to correct Jhesejevils that have b?en prebe shall for found "no that her." place ly, sented, as well as many others that might.be Isaiah had a view of the daughters of Zion In . named, for have they not permeated our ntlre a dy whea tiie poor shoald bselected, while society? Showing themselves generally in prothey them elfe3 would be "haughty and walk portion to our ability to gratify these vitiated with stretched forth nesks and wanton eyes. V tastes and desi rips. Nor do we stop hereSome shouIJ smite them and A day when the-Lovsnture beyond their means, while a few plunge ''shall take away their cuaugeable suits of ap jlhopeleeely Jntodebtatherthan'beouTdoneby parel, the fine linenthhoodsahJ"thTveiIi, their near acquaintances and friends. - Thus well the bonnets, muffler, chains, braccbtp," as may bs traced evil aftea evil growing out of a as every other article of ornamentation, and desire to do that thut (be Lord has foiblddeD; " leave the rn girded in sackcloth. Remember for we cannot wander in any degree from the these were the daughters oi&oa who were to that He has marked out, and continue so ie thus treated. And why? "Because the - path to do, but other evils will be tha result. daughters of Zion were haughty," etc. The sustaining of our enemies by our continuThe tendency to a departure from correct ous patronage is a' wrong eo apparent that it principle! and practices that God has revealed, needs no comment; but in vie w6f the temptainvolving a? It doe the most serious conseqyien-- . tions to which we are liable, because of our past caf, Is deeply to bs regretted, and yet it Is not practices, we will have to closely guard ourselves surprising .when wa consider the temptations and in many Instances we will be compelled to and allarernentj that surround us But force ourselves to make the sacrifice. Let us are wnnot repoaslbla la a great degree for the then, hereafter, not dwell so much upon what existence of these things In our midst? Have is past, nor elaborate upon the wrongs that have we not invited tham hither? Have we not " been, but straightway teach ourselves, and then, brought them ta oar very doorsyand given them teach others correct principles in regard to our a place at oar firesides? Have we not nourished future conduct, and thus step out from the thralaad sustained their being until they have grown dom and bondage we find ourselves la to our strong and powerful, and almost dare us to dis. enemies enemies that we have created through placef them? Have not our youthful daughters, our liberal patronsge in gratifying our foolish In too many instancsf, been permitted nay1. . vanity even taught by" us to sacrifice, at the shrine of ' Our daughters mnst ba taught these lessons of vanity and foolish fashion, and have they not wisdom and understanding in regard to their learned their lessons so well that they really exphysical being, as well as the lessons that percel In these Babylonian accomplishments, tastes tain to do in est io life, bo strongly that when they and desire? marry they are prepared to enter upon the duThe prudent and thoughtful among us cannot ties of wifehood, and exhibit that vitality of help but have very Eerioui m'sgivlngs in view body, as well as that Industry, thrift and econoof future consequences, for It Is a fact that to ' my so necessary to make home happy. Such a the extent that we depart from correct princiwoman will also assume the cares of maternity " ple', so are we proportionately in danger. with a grace that will stamp her aa one that Is God has multiplied blessings upon his people in every way worthy, not only to fill the posiIn these mountains, until they have become tion of wife, but that of mother also. wealthy, and there are not wanting those who Will not the mother who gave birth to such a desire to possess themselves of it, aud who are daughter be Justified in being proud of hoi? more than ready to bring to us all that is pleas-io- g While her husband (perhaps unconsciously to to the eye and gratifying to the taste, nor do himself) will feel the bonds of their union be. -they stop here, but they also spend much coming stronger as time shall more fully develop time and labor la trying to cultivate and imthat true womanhood of which she is sofuliy prove our taste; but with Just the one object In possessed. In 'connection with this there must view, viz., to secure a ready sale for the "latest also exist that love of Qod and for the principle fashions ;"goods that they have brought at great -- of His holy Gospel, thatshall form aroundlheL K ex fjente especially forcaxnie.-Thusthe-" "bulwarknbr each strength that in the day of 'lovely -- dresF,"thB "hand3ome"mi"nUli3," the sore, trial and affliction ehe will stand un"superb cloak," tie "charming boaaet," the ---. 1:1.1 moved.". Exquisitely fitting shoe," with the very necesLet such a foundation ba firmly laid in our sary accompaniments of chain, bracelet, breastpin, earring, etc., etc., adorn our bodies and daughter; we shall then eee exhibited by them such a strength of character that will be all powfor the time baingwe gratify our vanity,-anerful to resist thoe encroachments that have are satisfied. Bat question, were they not promade so very necessary the employment of the duced In BabIon material, labor, everything? reforming agencies that are now being used ta Ob, yes, but "alnt they lovelj?" Bat the Lord correct these existing evils. -Eays that "jur garments should be plain, and their beauty the beauty df the work of thine own Lat the daughters of Zion, as well as the sons hands." Oh, that 13 all very well for religious of Zlon, cea93 entirely to sastala our enemies; p20ple, but then, you know I was never very relet them labor from this time forth to build op ligious, and these things are here hd I don't see Zion In the way that Ood has appointed; let why we should not enjoy them; besides they are them sustain one another, foster the Industries much more fashionable, and a great deal cheaper that are already established in our midst, and than any thing that could be made here, consmake it possible for others to be created; that the Is a as equently ;it saving, well, don't you set? elements around us may be ntilizsd, and made Thus da we Justify (urselves one to another; but to produce all that we want to eat, drink and are we Justified of God? I answer no, we are to wear. Let us leave Babylon, with her follies , not,for there is not cne word contained In the re and sins, entlrf ly' alcne, for , in this way only velations of God to His peopIe,written or spoken, shall we escape her pUgues. In proportion as whether It be by tray cf comnund, cr counsel i we do.this to will we obtain power, over car ent-Now,-ttt- :., y, rear O N ENT f Fa u !shed ; !a Saltr-Lik- e 5iy, CU Terms; re copy ana pear, $2. 00; cna copy six months J1.00 Ten copies for the price of cine." ATertliiajr tea line aanpareU space, one time, 150: per month, $3. 00. A liberal dlaooaat to -, adrertisers Exfojcettt Office, om No. 4, up stairs, Hooper md Eldredge Block, Madf Street, a few doors south of 2. CVMl7 Business lktire Irom lOV. m m. trsry day, except Sunday. ; Address all business communications to ---- -- Publisher Worm's Kxroxr.vr, . Salt Lake City Utah. semi-monthl- EXP I think it meant an entire withdraw- al, a complete separation. I find among the many lamantations that will be heard concerning her, when she shall ba destroyed, the following: "Her that was clothed in fine linen ffnd purple and scarlet, and decked with gold and precious stone3 and pearls, for in one hour she is come to naught." Then the command li given, "Rejoice over her thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and prophets, for God hath avenged you on her; for J a her was found the blood of Dropheta and of Saints, and of all that were slain upon theearth." -- -- d , ft.,.: 