W0 an .. presiding. juloutci and annual report vvero read rind sp provtd and the meeting was addressed by Bis ters K. B. Taj lor, H. M. Whitney, K. B. Well, O. Raleigh, Ann M. I. Home, L, W, Kimball, pliyer, 31. P. Fulaom, J. McKinny, Bishop Watson, Bro. Bowman and Treat. Whipple. It wmMf. KcbeTWhipple I . harmony." t: 189 rpo-e- ; of cases ia certainly a United BUtes in the Utah yery important ruling, and shoul i be carefully read and studied by the peopjeof Utah women as well as men, became much is Involved In the interpretation of its proceeding that la of vital interest to this people. The part which relates to the registration and elections is one that demands immediate attention, ah it gives to some that were heretofore excluded from theTpoll?, "the right to register and vote, but there are certain rule? and regulations which have a special bearing upon thismatter, which render it positively necessary that every pereon should understand intelligently whether he or the is entitled to register or not. It is such a complicated matter that it would be very easy for a person to make an innocent mlstake,wnich might have a very serious result. In view of the doubtful points to those who are unsophisticated in f uch matters, yet anxious to exercise the right of franchise, it seems wisdom to ay,"Be sure you are right, and then go ahead." There is cer tainly need of every vote that can legally be cast, but let all things be done In accordance with the eo. regulations given to govern theee matters, that there can be no "after claps." The Woman's Exponent has now completed ita thirteenth volums. It was established on the first day of June, 1872, and has been issued I twice every month from that day until the present time. It has most certainly been a' blessing and help to the women of Zlon, and has also been the means, In many instances, of astidsisting, Indirectly, to proclaim the glad The opluions, views and ings of salvation. Eentimente of the women of Zlon have been expressed to the world through IU columns, and their organizations well represented. It has been the earnest and careful endeavor of those our engaged In the labors connected with this j nal7toiiake it representative arid reliable, as a reltelous paper, and the greatest attention has been given to keeping Its pages free from anyto thing that would have the slightest tendency evil of any name or nature. It gives the oppor tanity for "Mormon" women to express their feelings on any matter connected with woman's culwork, and has been the promoter of literary ture, as can be proven, when we refer to the crude articles from the pen of some of its contributors, who to day can express themselves in the most able and eloquent manner, and whose articles, graphically written, and possessing the elements of literary strength, are attracting the Sainis. The attention of all the Latter-da- y Woman's Exponent does carry joy Into many a household, and the sUtera, in their country homea, many of them, testify that they look forward to Ita coming as to the faoe of an old and dear friend. Homely it may be, but genuine la character and staunch in Integrity to the Gospel and ita principles. -- wh0 SENSIBLE TALK. and A talk with wise Judges and who kissed the lids of hl3 mother'silt edged ' ' Dj our h f'fhe children G;d haTh tby t erant rv makers think G3 J will approve of thesa ualawfjil proceedings, when It is most natural and'consistent to believe that God wil cicwe a people that are willing and obedient, to r'a'sa up seed to Abrairam,- - Hew ctn"thermeh" fita"nllTh"the presence of th great patriarch and the Savior of the world; who justjfieji them and- JtitheTr- - sedhoiIJb3 as numerousaa4be was'calied I?rsel because of hiv numerous posterity, 'and the names of twelve sons, making the twelve trib3?, should ba' written on the twelve gates of the New Jerusalem. How can thoy enter through thoe ga!e? ? John says there are twelve angels . there at the3! gates. When they fine and im prison the very men and women that Gdl has omm&nJei to practice this ordei of marriage, and says this is the only lsw of roarrlftga that Ho will acknowledge in time and ; but eternal life is a free gift to all who rwi!l obey His word and enter In at the door. If we try to climb up any other wsy than that which has been appointed by the Savior we shall be accounted thieves and robbars. Will the authorities of the laadmikn tha Latter-da- y Saints climb into the kingdom of heaven as thieves R jd robbars, when the good Sheptserd has made the straight and narrow way so plain (that a g mm need not err though a , poor fooi?" Tha cry 0' cur enemies if?, only two per cent who practice plural marriage can ba saved. A President stands at the head of a ration, and Abraha'uand his children stand at the head of nations; for he that abideth a celestial law ahall have a celestial glory. There isno private put upon Scripture. He says to all follow me; I hoi the life aad the light; keep my cemmandoienta by your w'orks or your faith is -- -- ,; . etc I will quote from Psalms, as the language - The Lord shows God's power over all things: hath prepared His throne in all the&heavenp, less the and His kingdom ruleth over all. -Lordrye7Hfs agelsthat excel in strength,that do His commandments, hearkening unto the voice of his word. minis-ter"Bless ye the Lord, all ye His hosts, ye of His that do His pleasure. "Blsss the Lord, all His worfis in. all. places of His domain; bless the Lord, 0 my soul!" Saints believe that God has The Latter-da- y He is all power in heaven and on the earth; that and forever; that He the same yesterday, in will gather all things Into one, both things He basket heaven and on the earth, and that to His hand again to accomplish Ilia, work, of in a reign make an end of sin, and bring a to-d- ay righteousness. to Roman, iv, 13, If the President. will-tuAbraham Jhouldba erof the ndread-T- hat of faith. That world through the righteousness Hsgar and the heir, and cohabited with Ishmael and two wives had Sarah, and of these face to and God talked with Abraham flee Did God accuse him of oommittlng a blessed hischrenoL me? No, indeed, but tha said to him;"! know him, rn a household ha will commanu u nnmm. . Rfterhim." bo jsbuu for I to marry his grandparent ac Into Jacob the promise was made, and he . .. -- y bnn wiveP, and J. :'xxxtlf: 5."' , etei-uity- who are now pereecuted, fined, imprisoned and harassei for the word of God and the testimony of our Lord and Savior Je?us Christ. It says in sacred wrif'that every word shall ba establiehed by two or threi witnesses." How msch more,, then, will the testimony of thousands of Latter-daSaints be established, who lave reiterated and declared that the kingdom of Gad is agvn eet up on the earth, no moro to be thrown down nor given to another people-- That these things Of which we speak have been done by divine command, by holy messengers who have been seen and conversed with at different tloiee. God says in Isaiah "that He will do His work, His strange work, and brin? to pass His acf,His strange act, a marvelous work and a wonder," " E-rau- -- lraliflrinmsnlT'TAal -- . knowledged uijto g j gr aioa Jy give n - nhTkpTmesfage sent to them through prophets, revehtarsasd ministers. who hoM divine au thority to - preach the everlasting Gospel to the nations of the eirth In tnis last dispensation of the fulness of time?, the great God will come out of His hiding plaje and vex the nations with a sore vexatioi?. Alreaiy war and devastation is stalking abroad in the land, shd thundering?, earthquakes, fire and vapors of imokewiJl arise with a louder and more stupsndous voice than a man can utter, but their testimony will stand and Jive forever, for their words are eternal r-;:r-truths that cannot be altered. No man on earth can change the decrea of the true and living G xl, who has called upon all mankind to repent of their sins and turn to newness of 'life, 'anii fill their bottler with new wine and have oil ia their lamp?, which is the Holy Ghost, "To lead them into all truth, ehow them things past,. present and to com?," which power, authority and knowledge ia given to men . I i ' has power to set up kingdoms and overthrow the mighty powers of the earth; and Tf the - f 1 YV JxnUWHsrtot"Tris Tjie recent decision of the Supreme Court law-maker- s, ive .n Xaw-Uivt- ia a -- p-- o the given cients by the great r, who rules the destinies of kingp, presidents, pctentatep, and the destinies of nations; who will tuinJandWr- - donejajrijhnjci nTVard, which very Urge one, and tbeir lAbore are greatlyappreciatd by their Bls'aop, "with whom they work in the jncat complete good old Biblf. 'se x will open and read m iVt ? sacred pgt sukise the 1 aves within; where-- ' ou Is written aad . tn:U God blend tamp d, men and women who entered into the rn&rris-- e relation es fWTLsUf-r.dsSaints are prEcticng It now. '"That divine law wa? to an- was an interesting meeting, and a good spirit prevailed throughout, The Society have a very good and orator table building of their own, and nava M A N way-fario- inter-pretati- deRi. v cn - The God of ht avrn gave the ten commandments; He gave laws to the hou38 of Israel; the Savior gave commandments In the Gospel plan, of salvation to His servants to establish HIj kiafjom and f?ave mankind, and He changed them not. In the last tlmca in which we live He has given EUhority to men to establ'sh it for ever. Tl.o Invitation is to ail. "Go ye into all the worlJ and preach the Gospel to every creature; he that bslieveth and is baptized, ra- '. pentlogand forsaking his sin?, shall be saved," tG. Ituad last chapters or St. Matthew and MArk. Head all Scripture and you can get a correct uaderstandiog ol the Gospel as our Savior taught it when He was on the earth. We mustotiey the law of the Gaspel and its ordinancap, to be bsnefltod inthis life and the world to come. Tnough tha world spurn these things they are verily, true. The door into the kingdom of sins. The of God is baptism for the Savior says He entered in by the door, and the Priest-hoo- d porter must hold the keys of the holy to open the door to believer. "For no man taketh this honor to h'nuelf; he mu3t be called of God S3 was Aaron." By .men taking this honor to thfmselvea, they have changed the ordinances and broken the everlaitlng cove-nanand preached for. hire end divined for money; but what littls good has been done In tho religious world, has been by the divine teachings of our Savior, which should be embodied in all things; but the time I now when ia they are legislatured against us, and the cry "Great is the goddess Diana of the EpheBiaES.,, Aud an inscription is raised to the unknown Gjd, fend if wo do not wcrthip at theee shrineg we must b3 imprisoned. We do laot want to be t y the packed in tbeir peck measures, want not do eacred vord which we revere We H our sons and daughters to become infidels by . t, , nor-den- swearing against a principle that Jb the very 