WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 76 WOMU EMMEUMi Ji. LAW JNfcfYl. Editor. WELLS, PuMLed in Salt Lako City, Utah. Terms: one cipy one yeir, $2.00; one copy, tlx months, ?1.00. Ten """" : : tvpie-- : for the price of nine. AJvertlin raU:s: Each Fqunre, ten line's of nonpareil A 1111 discOtiHt .j4e,nf04im2. t; regular advertisers. South' Temple Street, econd Exponent office, No. 2 ;ati cast ofljevjret ev Office. Imsinev. hours from 1) rum. t p.m. tn'ery day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to sctaiI-.inonthl- . -- . and statutes will say, "Belief is all right; it is the ' . practice which makes the offence." Wfi'ais"arei'igioh..worth' which consists only in What saving qualifications does it pds- "theory?-.sessr buch a religion exsi.sts oniy in name ; it is not, and cannot be a living, abiding fakir, that is "like unto an ever flowing fountain of intelligence in the human sou!. One of the great poets, that the world professes jo a djnre, a nd. t rue poetsjue ' thought living oracles, says on this subject, The title of the poem inscribe'd to Bro. Nichol- ' son, and published in this issue, were the words -- x- SSy g . -- "True Christianity depends on fact Religion is not theory, but, act." ' the iSth Ward Chapel, od evenihg,pre- irtcrhis-beinsentenced. --They were decided- lTappropriate,and uttered with intense power; they seemed to, impress forcibly all assembled, and it is not strange that these , words should be suggest ti ve to a poet and a writer, and especially to one so warmly interested in his welfare, and the principles involved, as young Bishop Whitney. 1 Brov C. E. Johnson's- "Valley Tan Remedies" are becomiug more popular as they are better known and brought into use. The Essence gf Life we have heard highly recommended, also the pills and troches. We are always glad to see a spirit of enterprise among ,our youirg people-turnein the direction of home manufacture, and it is much safer to takemedicincs prepared by our own people,than to buy so many patent medicines from abroad. We believe the Canker Syrup to be a good preventive against diphtheria, and it would be well if children were given this canker medicine, or some other, occassionally, to keep it .from the system. - ' The illustrious example of those fearless, un' daunted, heroic men, who have gone before the Salt Lakk ('iTV. Utaji. judge for sentence, not with boasting or pomp, but trusting implicitly in Israel's God, will be a. lasting October-- i 5, 1S85. Salt Lake City, honor, not only to them,but their generations after them. Their names, and the history- of their ' CA PT U RED, UUT NOT CONQUERED." wrongs, will be held in everlasting remembrance, and the principles fo which many are now suffeINSCIUKKD hV A I KIF.NO'S A TO ELDER.. ring exile, bonds and? imprisonment, will, through L S O X , A rRlSONRR NIC J0 FOR COSthis very ordeal, be all the more vividly impressed SCIENCE' SAKE, OCT; 13UI, 1835. upon the hearts of the youth of Zion, and more firmly engrafted into their lives. but not conquered!" "Captur.-dWho is there who does not admire a sublime 'triumphant words of truth--It th ;m blaze in golden letters courage, though he may not possess it? Judges - Sister Sarah Strock of this city is and rulers. jnay persecute," and scoff and fling vile in the eyes of age and youth! Acme Electric Belt," a new "agent for the Saints, but if they have epithets at the Latter-da- y They were words of mighty meaning, and novel invention, which cures by eleca spark of manhood in their breasts they cannot felJ from lips of one v As they tricity, containing a sort of galvanic battery. Who had borne the brunt of battle ' help respecting the man who will stand .by his She is introducing it throughout the several wards ill the victory nigli was won. principles and maintain his conscientious convicof the city, and meeting with excellent success. tions, honoring his wives, his children, his people Overwhelmed by force uf numbers, a ncl h i s God. There is so m e t hing tangible-- i a s uch ti Those who ....have tried it, some of them having He was carried from the field,-suffered from a complication of causes, are well a religion as this, something that will appeal to lint the brave heart never faltered satisfied with its beneficial effects, and if it proves the hardest heart, as Weil as to the noblest sentiAnd the strong soul would not yield; to be a relief to some of the ills that flesh is heir ... ments of man. From his lips in tones of thunder, it will be a blessing;' and Ihere is no nauseous It is sad to see good men and true men cast into to, While his eyes shot living flame, medicine to be taken, and the simplicity of its prison, or banished from their homes, but God's Leapt those words' of heroism, arrangement is in itself a recommendation. Sister To immortalize his name. ways are not as man's ways, and He has a purpose Strock has taken hold of it with a motive to do to accomplish, which man cannot stay, and He will And there" rose a shout of triumph cause the' wrath of man to praise Him, even as good, and intends to travel in the country settleFrom his comrades brave inarms, ments. She is a faithful member of the Relief He has said, and it is for this people to be humble, As they dosed their ranks of valor, Society, and has been for many years a teacher in obedient and faithful in keeping the commandUndismayed by war's alarms; the 17th Ward of this city.- ments He has.given, and He will bring them off And they swore with solemn fervor, victorious and establish Zion in its power and - - 0.v:Mohday J!y the (Sod of truth and right, morning Eider A; 1, Iusser gnd and those who abide in the covenants glory, James Watson, who had each been serving out a they theywauld surrender. w il be able to stand when-al"have made would in sentence in the Penitentiary for "unlawful rn- the They fight! things perish that can be shaken will be shaken. habitation," were released from imprisonment, Or, if crushed by weight of numbers, their time being lessened through the And to fettered hells consigned, advantage of the Copper act, and allowed to They woul pray that truth might triumph, at large. go ' Uirt lost tfie pow'r of mind. EDITORIAL NOTES. Although to breathe-the-pu- re air of heaven must be a luxury to those so Aiid they praised the captive hero. long debarred from that blessed The office of the Woman's Expoxext was reWho had spurned the tyrant's rod, privilege, yet to be spied upon and not be to auie moved from the Hooper- and Eldredge Block on Who was "captured, but not conqu-redvisitjvives and chi!dren,who so much need -l!v the toes of freedom's God. tHrproterrtion oTTfusband and father, is little less beptember 30th, and is now situated at No. 25 E., than an aiiliction. On South Temple Street second O. F. Whitney. Thursday morning Parley gate from Deseret P. Pratt was released from News Office. imprisonment, he h'av- had to remain a little longer than he otherwise ing THOUGHTS ON RECENT EVENTS. Bishop H. B. Clawson was sentenced and would, on account of "some infringement upon the went to prison' on Tuesday, September The event's which" have transpired during the 29th, and regulations of the Penitentiary. Elder John Nicholson on the 13th of last few weeks, in and before the courts of this October, for and .Mrs. Mary S. Snow, of th'ci iih Ward with, living their wives. Both acknowledging Tcrritury, prnd the affairs connected with them, of this these brethren - decided has been east expressed city, views in very have stirred to the utteTmost depths the hearts gathering up genealogical reto their belief and cords. regard She left hereon and feelings of every true Latter-dalike the the 3rd of September ult., convictionsjandj Saint. Brave" two Bro. Browns, of Ogden, have left on the D. & via R. G. who record men, (juiul .not at the threats of the officers Railway, and went direct to a testimony that will stand forever, and that all Isew ork; afterwards to Brooklvn, where she of the and "who cower not at the feet of Israel wilt honor them for, as well as all men and has a sister residing. She. has also visited differ-"n- t judges aid rulers, have stood. man fully before the women who are governedby principle, however PlLt:Lof .the State of Vermont, Arlington, (hir and to.d in ;eloque:U language the "motives that ditter in view's tneymay and and other places, and religious Bennington and 'the reason for the hoptUat inspired the.TT, practices, up Lake Cham-plai- n to St. Albans, and other was within them, and have endured with sublime points inroute, and Sister; Aurelia S. Rogers called to ask that V,slted in Rhode patience the stinging sarcasms of him ...whose the. iteniia..relatioQ.ihe,,iirst--:organizatioIsland, Providence and other of parts of that state. Sister Sno-- v privilege it was "to "pass sentence upon them for a the Primary, as published in the has enjoyed her Dialogue by Sisfaith and practice, that could elevate and sustain much indeed; has journey very ter L. K. Young, be everywhere been corrected, as the Primary at '.veil them in the hour of severest trial. received, among friends, relatives and old the first one ever '" organized the One's belief is actually called into question, and and has returned home buoyant in acquaintances, organization being eoeciedon the rth of August allowed to sit the upon wU noJia" juryvho.ackno 'i1 lal-e- (i bodil-S- he ramlltreerTrT. crossed rilr,l!;and.n0t:f Himself a in believer the doVtrines oV'the" edges plains coming . home" bythe Union Pacific the orgamzation in the ithWard of this citv Railway. Sister Snow Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y is looking remarkably-welb-anSaints, and Remake tins correction the facts no mattefhow honorable or circumspect his life a for women over may be known and not a false has traveled "a Impression giverT pretty good distance in so seventy' may be, he is at once rejected; yet almost in the short a time as a month -ANepubhshed the article as it was written. same breath these classical interpreters of laws and a week, arriving at her own home in this city, j making any alterations. on the-iotof October. I'l.'nr.isiiivit exponent, voiiAX'.-- j - 1 1 1 -' , ' .' - ' - 1 . - . - . " -- 're-4Iis-cause 1 l - 1 - ," . : : y n 1 1 d h 