WOMAN'S EXPONENT. lh .e yu QLenjoy. ikenuti jrfJlmtdabarl ishnow. Why-sh.0u- In pathway shnit increase. strangers enjoy what they have earned? '.'.. .A your . ., Jk'sidci, it h the voice of the people, and.hayj - tliev notrth-- riht of choice? We claim that 1ft your bosom shall abide; .V-or traitors for We have no fellowship right. ynd producer rich regard, shall A W'hile the "still small voice" gunk. cowanhr We look vitli scorn and contempt will upon anything in the shape of a man that prove recreant to his God, that. vill' repudiate. mui cast away hjs iven, that will biMvAs .al'rhen.cefonvard recompense .. ' oO'spdug .with sdiame! We;litve no language .All th.' I'kter of your cup. our scorn and loathing for such R ihtepU3 are your hearVs desires, but we leave .them tolhe tor- And they vi!l not be denied; tments of theirjnvn consciences. But our Father oft requires We will still raise our voices in defense of 'I"hat our patience shall be tried, . - the principle of our holy religion; we will still d ec a re t hat th C...A ljn jgh ty; h ai jig.ain . ,s po ,kca. ;': Though f le should al times withTiold from t and that the holy Priesthood than your hopes expect: Longer has beon restored to man with all its power and - receive a double fold W'lien His wisdom shall direct. authority, and that the principles which we in -- k v iwwi when Io. fortv Jvear airo, t j il . 7 .r ... tltn enacteu jigam ngnt here4y.ar.e'bci.ng i ClVUlZtHlOU-auu- , nr ..ni- Tllinnia.J Tii?,..-:,n- ,l lSSVIU l l 1 . Many have wonaerea t- 1 ! -- 'rtnr-e(Ulu., f ntif li.rhtenment. Delicate women have been made mimL tc sutler the most exquisite ,torture of Soma have been incarcerate! in prison, and all for the sake of our religious convictions. But, do we feci to bemoan our. fate? Not at lot is all; we feel to pass through what It our n cubv.r iftth :i rhrerful snirit. realizing, that though thev may destroy the body, tlwy have ho power over the sou I," and it tncy can anora to inflict this suffering upon us we can certainly afford to suffer at "their hands; for it is very true that "There is no lane so long but it has a turning" and no matter what wo may suffer through "their usurpation of power, wo can truly pity them for their blindness and folly; corporate in our religion re by the command Therefore, let your spirit rest forJ'Having.sowu the 'wind they, will surely incut of GodtJind we believe it right to ole, i;i GoVl will order all things well; V .. the same, and no oiie has the right to curtail reap me wninwiuu, ; ume&s iuy And ere long you w ill.be blest and humble themselves before God, for it us in our religious rites; we have the right'" to can tell. More ,than hupian speech is His cause and )eople whom they are fightdiffer in our opinions, and ta be sustained' in ing, and we do kmnv there is a just God, who . that right. And the Lord Himself will spread' hears the cry of the widow and the fatherless kingdom Praying for the advancement Thro' your heart a holy pride who, will take cognizance of the sufferiug and of Go(l and the success of the ExpoxKNT-h.Of your chosen earthly head, . anuidi of those brave, true men who havo woman s organ of Utnh, I remain, Yoar companion by your side. 'dared to obev His commaqd, and remain firm Your lister in the Gospel of truth, be shall Mutual your blessings and true to their families, and in consequence B. A.-- FULLMER. Mutual jays shall crown your way .v of which they have been cast into prison, or Orangeville, Emery Co., May 10,18Sov Thus in time: Eternity , m m become exiles from their once happy homes. Opens t j a brighter day. The sufTering of those wives and innocent ; PATTY SESSIONS. Thursday, March IGth, IS 47. Siste:. Sessions children, who are' thus deprived of their, nawrites in her diary, ul visited the sick, among tural protector,of his love and care, will not go Continued. vv them long unheeded. Mary Pierce. She died ' During the first winter at Winter Quarters, VvD tlotlLwe have.- to I she aud was buried went 17th, JoJhe .pass throughI feel I on the borders of the Missouri River, it was funeral iJrigham Young preached. After ani safe i'il saying, there are none of us who quite common for the sisters to hold meetings attending the funeral I went to visit the sick, would, on any co.jjsiderationf,.change places to pray and exercise faith for those who had and my husband jyentwith me to see the witli the wives of our persecutors. What ' :. 1 U t t!i ey in igh t be perm it ted Widmv Coleman's Ftepd;i lighter; we administhe the of woman, possessing Gospel, 'spirit tojoiu them, as also to , give them courage to tered to her ami she was heale'd.'" would part with a husband having the true pursue their journey into the wilderness as it ' One can easily understand how much people elements of a man engrafted in his nature, the was termed a place of freedom and safety. appreciated a little nieajtdliose tayby reuiL courage of a lion, mingled with gentleness and ister&ei-:-:ionoi reoruary vii.uic i . jfollowiiig: love, even though she might bs one of three or paysSisters Zii.a Young, Eliza Snow, Catherine ingthe 20 IJro. he honors, loves and protects, for Lh, sent me fourwhom u "Friday,lielnap Markham and lierself met at Sifter Presendia d quarter of a deer, and I divided it with Sis- - f one of those vile, corrupt, Kimball's to pray for her daughter Sylvia and ters and the wh Kimball creatu res o bear the oti tward semblance of same day I attendBuel; her child, that the way might be opened for ed a special meeting, where who but are ravaging wolves, seeking Brighani Young men, H hem to eometo the Sain 8. '.They had a good whom they may destroy. We would not expreached. Sunday, 23th, went to meeting;-altime amfspoke in tongues and received .the inthe Twelve are here that change places for the wealth of the Indies." preached." terpretation and enjoyed a good degree of the We feel capable. of managing ouriamily afbV Kmrir. nf '.iwA fairs without any of their assistance, and I On the 2ord there was asort of a feat made MORMON WOMEX. for the widows and orphans, inthe Council fancy if they will turn their "attention to their domestic matters they will find o.tn House, aiid Sifter Sessions speaks o" eookine enough to oT the Mormon- women, as well as the Many them tor it. keep busy. men, are pacing through a trying time, and us the name of being ignorant, On I' riday,the 20th. she speaks o'f beim with give They were it not for their faith in the Gospel,'and low and degraded, but I think they will find iuary, wile ot Wm. Kimball; in her confineits saving principles, it would seem that we have many with her seeoud daughter "afterwards, ment, enough sense to shun and despiso have almost more than they can bear. those human vultures who eeek our ruin. Mormon women, as a rule, (who are blessed I pray God that we may ever prove true, to Oa Sunday, the 28th, she speaks o'f beiiat with a husband who is living in the line of his our religion, to our God and to our noble hus-bai Msuiusr io me one hetore mentiored, is true to his God and his covewho duty, at her own housty where the of the Lord Marouekitk. Spirit ' i nants) love their husbands with the purest,' J lnilU'Pil ..I WlH i .;..t. nun nut in -" " ""-I'' nuance,-ant lie . d iitii. , . , .. .. . i strongest love." Therefore, it would be folly to .i .m . njo-e-the .TM infUnmimL think that they can see them forced from their greatly have been issued to women duri From this time SistcrSe-sionand from their homes and innocent the" weak wrdo' daily of her visits to the sick, her endiiiL' Anril 28fh 1RRr children, for a period of .months or years.with-o- u houstdu.ld duties, Ikt Mary P. carding and spinning Hooper, New York, N. Y., t so much as a' chance for a fa re' well ' and la,i (,f various kinds, her word,' Grated Shovel, thoughts and be to locked behind prison bars, or wander as .reflections upm the critical situation of the ; Betsoy A. Maxey, Knoxville,Tll., an exile, Ihmencountering all kinds of discomiC()PIe, and faith that all would work forts and dangers, without acute for good.- Almost every day she officiasuffering' and T,ucinda Meekin, Cedar Town, Ga Vehicle But is this 'what anguish? some ted where ouc or two children wefe of. our sisters born, nd havehad-to-endure- in ..thus, u see, that althou-- h the .Saints were h'rtarWrraonthsT vait,etnuo. Anna A. WysoiiL'. Baltim ore. Aid." Trnninrr." Others have had .to ' leave their homes as scattered, it were, and compelled to lice an(l Board and Table. friends and seek an asylum among strangers; from their ;homes, Zioa was still growing and m m e atJ-- iPllwn cu.. home onifort-erm numbers and strength. most :: The follo wing . increasing i patents were issued to vwomen some instances mothers are needed; March Sister Sessions say. for the week' ending May 5th, 1835. separaSunday ted from their little ones, who sister E. Jv. Snow carao to see me and sorely Deed a Eliza CA'twood, Geneva, N. Y., brought mother's care. Dustpan. me a poem that she had written for t Phoebe J. Cunningham, Amber, la Flower- me." This , s inHicd on stnnd. V?cm? 'si!5ii!UJiiL .diarvrand we publish these women ttrS'i'-ivrnthe present time, now in Anii M. Freeman, Kansas Citv, Mo., Dress-cuttin- g the year of 18.s:; and who is for" coMrcsrn for mrs. responsible Rule. I;v...mJs.. these things? Not the men who hV.m.,! F.. K. SMOW, MRCK I5TH, 187.' Yr Tn,lianapoli3, Ind., Button nently in the mobbinp- of the. Saints f, Tfuth and holiacw and love, 'hook Holder for Shoes. .tmy years ago, in the early c of the Church, S' Stow-1New York but thoo officious oflicial?, who live and flour' Y,Shar,e inTool ' ' , rd s - ".. -- -;- ' i 1 ' " : Rmj - 7 of-th- nt n.-pe- e . - . - ' . ' . : - to-d- Wred-nesday- aj , - ". J Hil'L1 1 11 1 i: 4 cruel-hearte- 1 l ; - Tiff i ; -- . " called-Marion- g . n( . -- . wer-nrrt-Tgnrs;-: s pre.-enc- e, C ' Car-Coup- - or e - , " . Tlieselaro-Home-fth-tnal- ' - . n-h- t;it . " , ' - fi-- 1' 