A N ' S E X P ONE " JJQ M 150 fpak upou. Many NT Stints had io pasi through In Miaauri, an ald protected us then and ff wa are faith- ini tie win proiecs us nnw aroe and apcke In an later 1 cstirgand edifying manner of their experieace rSwd -- association and enjoyla ii'e, of tBelf hap ments In socUl .jatLeringp, cf j r.jrneyiug cress were also tie plain.", e'e Bongs aid recitatbna ' engaged, in. their appreciation ot Sister) Meeting adjourned for two weess. binding, Doxblegy. Benediction by Slater E. 8. Tay. lor. . - V - - AM'-x.reise- -- At ten oVkck allremmed-t- NOTES AND NEWS. Washington, 25. die v. Dr. Patten, Prcn- dent of EIo ward Uni versi ty, preachedTa sermon Church of this city to- in the Congregational ,V..r , their hcmc3 refreshed and B.rengthened t y 'lbe communion cf 34in ta o ' " ' .t dav. on woman and scepticism, m tne course j O xt HJster, in epe akjjiaidJPreiJJeatTuvlcr-observe- d from that at the Ja3i Conference-tha- t , bles-edand he be time the widows should be ileved tbar in this meeting that prophecy was being realized, orwhiche8poke One of the Widows. "PLEASANT TIME. jQn'M'mday, January 26th ult., a very enjy- ar.le time was "spent at the residence of Slater :Wre'a.' 'Many sisters of the 19:h and other wards met tcgether to celebrate her 79th birthday, It having been fhe custom to do so on that I there together was prcflubje and in&tructlve. The afternoon was apent in singing, pTayer - remembsreJ After the meetlrg was bver all sat down to a UUUJJWilillDJjMli thf fiif'erfr- Iw wWoh II iUC pitUIU. TY UIUUJUII UJ AO To-Mgbtnh- thronah mvnifnd the Drevioua evening, a d I penned them down aa they eame to me, and read them at the party. WASHINGTON CONVENTION. Mary Clark. - .. R. S. AND Y. L. MEEriXQ. The Lidies Seml-nthly meeting wa? helJ In the Fourteenth Ward Assembly rooms, Satuaday, January 27, Mrs. M. I. Home pres'id- -jug- niugiug, uutu, iuuu wui ucariiio wutfii 'I pray." Prayer by Cjunselor Puebe Woodruff. Singing, ,kGl jry to Tnee, my God." Minutes of previous meeting reau anu approvea. Minuus of Y. L Associations from 20th 6 h and 17th wa'de, also minutes of P. A. from the oth, 4th, loth, 11th, 17th and 10th wards were read by the reep ctive secretaries. addre?Fed Hcrno then Prest. theeiftera. of of cur cultivation the young people, Spoke and thought we should all feek to learn thoae th'n28 that w n?d be for our best good and ad vancement. biJd, we are Jiv:ngin a time tnat requires us to be wise and humble, and when we most live near to God and do His holy will, If we would expect His blessing. The time haa coma that our Prophet Joseph Smith of, when all the world is turned against u?. Let us try to ba faithful and merit the Lord's protecting care, for we know not what may cjme to us or ours. Let us also remember our brethren who are being eo tried, and offer up our m " I ' Coun. Woodruff exhorted the slaters to be faithful In the . performance of every duty resting upon them. Wi3ued thoeo present to tao tluia fa bearing testimoi y. Several of the aistera bjre exceilent testl-nier. im-prov- e m and Sister L83a gave the interpretation. Prest. Home made a few closing remarks, in which she gave a brief account of the trials the The evening session of Tuesday brought out a larger attendance and there were 'several members of Congress present. Matilda J. address deliveied an on the Gage political par-- : been sucties of the country, showing they-hacessful or had failed according to their strict adherence to or desertion of principle. Mrs. Stanton followed, speaking on "The Disabilities and Limitations of the sex." She gloritied motherhood as the d ivj nest fun ction ; referred to Horace Greeley's limitation of woman's usefulness, in which he sail she could neither navigate a ship across the sea, nor sing bass in a choir, by stating that woman had done both. She laid at the doctrine of celibacy endless evils and ills, and asserted that the religious devotees of the moral-age- s were for darkness the of that responsible age. She criticised St. Paul's strictures on marriage, and condemned the practice and principle of celibacy in pungint and unmeasured terms. Mrs. Laura de Force Gordon was the last speaker. She gave a history of the work in California together with an interesting account of the contest over the admission.of women to practice at the bar. Women are now admitted to all callings and professions in California, sex being declared no disqualification by the Constitution, by a clause which Mrs. Gordon had ' herself drafted. d - it,.i. e- to Dr. Patten from the pulpit of the Uni verbalist Church. Just siy I wrote a nee a. the word? of rt - su suffrage-movement- -- n1 anuAfnif nt:thr or win am rtf dr,i tn FTfa nAfWpie in dya that are piet and up to the present time, when all bore a faithful testimony to the truth o? the Gcepel. It wta a time bDg to be of Ihe woman's convention held here recently, and expressed the opinion that when women are given too much liberty, they branch off into skepticism and immorality. He said, among other things, that the lives of such women as George Elliot, Madame Roland and Harriet Martineau exemplified the'truth of this assertion, and he referred to .Victoria Woodhull as a representative . of the woman Among his audience were Miss Susan B. Anthony and Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, and at theoon-clusio- n of the services they walked to the platform and upbraided Dr. Patten for his utter' ances. Miss Anthohv said to him hat if his mother were living she would take him across her knee and Bpank him, but Mrs Stanton interrupted her and said: "On the contrary, let me coDgratuIate Dr. Patten. I've been trying for years to make women understand the worst enemies they have are in the pulpit. ' Now he h:ts illustrated it beyond question." Without giving Dr. Patten time to reply the women has tily left the church. y. . letters from Clara T gar and Mrs Lockwood, andRacbel-PosteRobert Purvis and ' "r Barton, Mrs. Perkins of Ohio then read a most able and forcible address, quaint, touching and showipg a?JJ ...womanly and matronly; in. stincts, an unfaltering trust in the Creator, an abhorence of intemperanc-ana resolute and immovable conviction that the cause of woraau was just and should be secured. ' There had, been too many JaneCarlyles in the past,sitting up all night to make bread for a grumbling husband. Victor Hugo had said the 19th cen-tnnd; he "rather- r.y. belonged than the bearish English philosopher, should be taken a3 the true representative of his ' "v:-:.age.", Caroline Gil key Rogers then read a wellprepared and interesting paper, on the "Aris tocracy of Sex." In the course of ber address r. tell-iu- g, d kindness and benevolence in providing j r'ch an entertainment for them, and called Howt-'a . Dipitches were read from Helen M. Gou" ' SECOND DAY. The meeting was called to order by Mis3 Anthony. She told her hearers not to be discouraged. There were but four bills in the Senate ahead of the suffrage bill and that already the friends of the measure were preparing their speeches on it- - She ?aid if women were half as sagacious as men would note down thy in behalf of the bill and send them to points one of the senators favoring the measure, that he might incorporate them in hb speech. u to-wom- en;- ;- - . she gave a description of a speech made by Old Sojourner Truth in a suffrage convention years ago, by which the entire current of thought and feeling was changed "If de fust woman that God eber made was strong 'nuffto turn the worl' upside down," siid the tall and 'den, dpe heah women on powerful J - de o platfjrm tighter be abla to set her right: agin:" Miss Burr read an allegorical essay showing the. condition of a world where the distinction of sex in the walks of life had been obliterated and that this world was surpassingly and painfully inferior. ex-slav- e,- r ' ' i RESOLUTIONS. "Whereas a bill for an amendment to the constirution. prohibiting! the - states citizens on accoun t of sex is now, fed-.Jer- from-disfranchisi- al ng with reports for and against its passage, before the Congress of .the United States; therefore, Rpsolved. That we. request our representatives in congress topas3 this bill, ahdlmbrntrit-t- o the legislatures of the several states. Whereas it is conceded to be the duty of governments to protect the persons and property of their citizens against all aggressions by land and sea; therefore, Resolved, That it is clearly the duty of the United States, on this principle, to protect the women of the several states, when robbed by tyrannical custom or unjustlegislation of Iheir fundamental right3 by extending to them the rights of suffrage. Resolved, That to make sex .a qualification for the exercise of the right of suffrage is to establish an insurmountable barrier between woman and her rights of citizenship, thus to degrade one half our people by disfranchisement and to deprive the other half of the very power necessary to their success as builders of a republican form of government. Resolved, That in the death of the Hon. Henry Fawcett, Wendall Phillips, Senator Anthony, Madam Mathilde Annekk, Frances D. Gage, Sarah Pugh, Elizabeth T. Schenck, Katherine Newell Doggett, Laura Giddings Julian, Judge Folger, Bishop Simpson, and Villiam Heney Channing, the year 1884 ha3 been one of irreparable losses to our move. ment, and as an association we would express to their families and friends in England and America our deep sympathy in tbeir affliction and our gratitude for their life long services for the elevation of womenT T note we That with Resplved, great satisfaction the growth of sentiment favorable" to woman suffrage in the W. C. T. U., and that we thauk them heartily for their recent memorial to congress in behalf of the sixteenth ' ' amendment. , WhereaB the dogma3 inC3rporated in rejig ious creeds derived from Judaism, teaching that woman wa3 an afterthoucht in creatioD. her sex a misfortune, marriage a condition of subordination, and maternity a curse, are con . ' 