WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 84 Woman but every individual born into' this stage of existr ence has a duty to himself or herself, an object in the simple; fact of existence, and wliat is there 50 lofty and sublime as to give life to the immortal .soul, that is, in so far as men and women are the actual authors of life; To bestow life, a life that can never perishes worth all the suffering ' and sacrifice the mother can make. in Jhis enlightened age, we hear that And Exponeh Editor.. EMSIEUSE B, WELLS, in Salt Lako City, Utah. Terms: I'ubliiihod oue copy ono year, 52.00; one" copy six month?, Sl.OO. Ten ' 7 copies for the price of nine. of lines ten nonpareil Advertising raUi8:Kachquare, ppace, one time, S2.r0; per month, 3.00. A Mkt.i1 discount to regular advertisers. " - Exponent office, No. E., South Temple Street, second Oflicef News Business hour from 10 n.m. cast Deseret of gate -' semi-monthly- ,, '. to .. ; yet, there are too many children being born. Does not our Heavenly Fatherknow how to carry on His own' work in the peopling of this world "that .we inhabit.- All who believe in the supremacy of God must acknowledge this. Then why should men change the order of the Almighty? Because, as the Scripture says, ''They are altogethergoneastray." Women have not had power in their can- kinds tn change r the laws and customs, and not, thereforebe; held accountable for not fulfiU- ing duty, the same as men .are; tneir aencacy and the established rules of society and propriety are such that women are not free agents in these One of the greatest writers and poets matters. has said, : v . p.m. every dayj except Sunday. Address all lmsiCe communications to' , PL'BLIHIIEU WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 5 - Salt Lake. City. Utah. Salt Lake ' Citv, November i, 1SS5. LAW AND MARRIAGE, The agitation throughout the United States, and indeed in some other parts of the world, concerning the religious principles and institutions oMhe people of Utah, to one entirely unprejudiced,must "Man's love is of man's life a thing apart, , seem, to say the leastuncalled for, and certainly 'Tis woman's whole existence." , ideas rcHgtousJree-domwho correct in those have, jrf If this is not really,it is partially true, at any rate; it must awaken earnest thought upon the and knowing this, how incomplete " is ; the life, of the we look back When early upon subject; single women. We are not arguing that plural settlers of this country, and recall the marriage is for all men, not by any means, for" struggles for freedom and religious liberty, made the very best men, with the highest motives under the most trying circumstances, and by only of action and the most sublime principles of life strenuous effort and "determined will; it seems inever to undertake such grave responsibili-ties- . credible that only one hundred years' should ought This marriage question is an endless subelapse after the establishment of that "dearly- ject, but suffice it to say, that if womanly bought independence,untilthe samesort of tyranny who have the reverence for motherhood that God and persecution for religious belief, which our . has i m pi a n tedinirtrreirsn a t u rep WefeWe-lioTr- or fore fatfiers sui&red able wives there would be a large proportion hind of liberty, the asylum for the oppressed of all over seven to each good, moral, virtuous, upright nations. man. It may, perhaps, be argued that men are not However, Congress has decided to settle this punished for belief, and yet it is true in many ways ; vexed question of plural marriage without regard disfranchisement is punishment, and to many it is to the parties most interested,and deprive women, severe. Ostracism from' society is punishment; who desire honorable marriage and homes of their to some it is actual suffering, and in ways that are own, of that blessed privilege which God intended too numerous to mention here,"Mormons"are d all of Eve to enjoy. If Congress for belief only, without ever having broken takes upon itself such a heavy responsibility, there or infringed upon any law of the land. jwill be a terrible reckoning "some day,'' for all For years past, at every session of Congress, those who have taken part in or consented thereto. new measures have been introduced for the ex.It is already noised about that Cullom is preparpress purpose ot restraining "Mormons" in their ing another bill, so rabid, severe faith and practice,and to hinder their conscientious and obnoxious, that even some of the most bitter convictions of the truth of those principles that enemies of the ''Mormon" people think it an exwere practised in ancient times by men who walked treme and will work very great one that measure, , and talked with God. evil. The Utah commission have made their an"as much the is Marriage privilege of woman as nual report, and advised more severe punishment of man, and the commandment given to our first for those who live with and recognize the wives that they have most solemnly covenanted to love, parents was as imperative upon Eve as upon and it has never been revoked.!. But men cherish and honor. Adam, Imprisonment, or puhish-mun- t, have changed this command to suit their own however severe, cannot touch men's conideas, and have denied .to woman, through sciences, and God has not revealed this principle systems, the privilege of bearing to His chosen prophet in this day and age to be children. Maternity may be justly recognized as cast aside as a thing of naught. He had a purJhe strongestittribute of woman's -- nature, r yet pose in it, and that purpose wuTbeliccompIished, e laws have hindered huncustom and if miilions" of people have decided dreds and thousands of women we might even against it. It would be amusing if it were not say an innumerable number from enjoyingthe such a serious subject, to read the newspaper precious boon of motherhood. Shut out from comments throughout the world on the condition honorable marriage, they have not been able to fill of things, in Utah, they are so wide of the mark creation7or to realize the and ridiculous.-T- he up the measure of following is "an instance : fulness of the 'blessingof offspring, the supreme "Mormon teachings- from the pulpit are univerjoy of being a mother. Lonely and unloved they sally for first, boycotting all persons except Mor. have lived and died, without ever satisfying the - mons ;" : then goes on with other as" yearning for connubial companionship, and the sertions equally false, and calculated to produce soursmore intense longing for children to call the impression that thereis no respect for law or one's owh.The vast majority of women are too order observed. There is less bitterness manipure in their "nature ever to condescend to any fested even by : those who have had to submit to conditions except that of marriage, and would the most ordeals than one trying, could'suppose- prefer death to dishonorKand therefore live on are imlonely and often desolate, using their time and prisoned because of having obeyed a divine law talents, as opportunity offers, in doing good and with an honest conviction that they were furtherpromoting the welfare and happiness of others. the purposes of the ing Almighty, are martyrs to It is always commendable to do godd to others' principle, and cannot, in any true sense, be re- -- far-fame- d 1 pun-ishe- -- the-daught- ers anti-Morm- their-establishe- man-mad- garded or ranked as criminals, and there is a time coming when this matter will be adjudicated by a much higher tribunal than the Supreme Court of the United States, for judgment is in the hands of God, who will "reward every man according to his works, whether, his deeds be good or evil." "God willnot be mocked," neither can men trampleupon His laws with impunity. AlChristians, who once be ready manv lieved implicitly in 'the Bible, are throwing aside the Old Testament, or regard it only as1 a fable or roroance, because it sustains patriarchaljnarriage Tahdprdphesies' destruction, desolation, etc., and no doubt ere long the. New Testament will contain too much truth for them, especially in its references of Jacob, the lineage of the Savior, and other similar, matters. " so-call- ed , -to- he-twelve-sohs EDITORIAL NOTES. Dr. E. R. Shipp makes a specialty of practis- ing and teaching .the art of obstetrics. The present term of her school closes December, 1885, and another begins on the 2nd of January,"! 886, 'when new students will be received on the most favorable terms. For full particulars communicate with Dr. E. R. Shipp, personally, or by letter, No. 18, Main Street, Salt Lake City. Mrs. H. Amelia F. Young returned on Saturday, October 31st, from a visit to some of the Eastern States. Mrs. Young left the city on the 27th of June last to visit relatives, friends and acquaintances, and has traveled quite extensively in the east, visiting -- Buffalo, New York, Boston, and many other places, bhe returns m good health and snirits. well satisfied with her "summed . A . sister uavia, who called on us recently from St. Arizona, gave a very interesting account of the Relief Society of that place, under the presidency of Sister Maria McRae. The Society are preparing to put up a good sized house, in which meetings can beheld; the foundation is laid: and the adobies are made, and considerable means has been already made through the industry and perseverance of the sisters, and it is expected that they will have a Fair.which will be sufficiently elaborate to raise means to furnish the building-Thiis quite an undertaking for the sisters in a s on d fifty-fiv- e - th-ei- ' - ?vmJJThmtnho deserve very great credit for their energy and On; Monday morning, October 19th, Sisters Sarah M. Kimball and Elmina S. Taylor of this, city, and Sister Aurelia S. Rogers of Farmington iefUhis-a- ty Southern train to visits the associations in the southern part of Utah Coun ty. Arriving at Santaquin, they held a eon joint meeting of the Y. L. and P. A. The next day they visited Goshen, where they held two meetr ings, one .with the Y. L. and the other with the Primary. -- On . Wednesday they visited Payson, where they were Joined by Sister Elizabeth Howard of Big Cottonwood, and they held three meet, one with the Y. ings, one with the L. and one with the Primary Association. On Thursday morning Sister E. Howard joined Sister M. W. Smow at);Spanish Fork for the purpose of visiting with her the Reli ef Society, and associations in Emery Stake. The other sisters visited Salem, and held two meetings there, one with the Yrir. and one with, the Primary. The following day they went to Spanish Fork Sj'ster Mary John and Annie Smoot had come over from Provo where they held three m eetings, all numerously attended. The Primary there they found to be. a very superior one; Saturday they went toSpring-villand held a meeting with the Relief Society and Y. L. The sisters enjoyed their visit very much ind eed, and no doubt they accomplished much good ,among those -- they - visited by their counsel and encouragement. by-the-U- tah -- -- Relief-Society- e, 