WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 106 ' .'gar Cth, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11 th, 13th, 14th; I 5th, the at in sad and bein spirit weary I 2 very feeble and unable to this time I had remained 20th, 21st, Farm- lain down , and I Jell 15th, TOth," 17th, 18th, 10th, sit-ua to or walk Jit but to wood Draper, tie, Jto neighbor a close of fdie flay, had Cotton I was quite erV, S ugar Hoa, Bg I as!eepvwhile 'he was talking. itfd without hayt"rnjr.v' Pleasant . Green, Brighton, RivCftoa and as 1 had mare tlian'any thing else of a temporal nature. young," and 'riot having been healed After these reports were consider-- , Granger wards e In obedience to that 'spirit Mother Whitney, bienloid I should b?,uy faith was Father-Whitnesome very earnest Prest. Home-mad"given, heard y I. the hut things her daughter, Sarah Ann, SUtcrs ably shaken; remarks about the Hospital. comk i , Pr ese n d i a I u e I , S a i ah La w r en c 3 F ra u c e s say before I dropped to. sleep adjourned until 2 p.m. Singing, Meeting I that my that forgot to "drgreu me, and forted Fends Harriet "Sanders, Swan, .Young liAt-ii :.. iff thnt lihnniri'nss Doxology. Benediction by Mrs. E. S. Taylor. two or three others' were,, ther, all being Afternoon session: After . singing, prayer which I believed would bo mine, in connection my father's wives hut Sinter Persia and Mother come. to in a was offered by. M.r's. B. W. Smith. - Singing day Whitney, met the next morning without eating with those I loved, early the next again, after which the conference was addressed or drinking. But no sooner hud we begun to Sister Persis Young came, had-beeimpressed by Prest. Horne, who introduced subjects of offer up our united prayers than the. devil morninir; saying that" rhe to me, administer and come commenced his operation on the three li.tie importance at the present day, and enby the Spirit to great notshe coukl ones that. were, there, mother's Brigham and and I would 'bft healed;-thatreated the young people to be cantious in to her little babe, and Sarah Ann's soni who was sleep, and she had come there m obedience choosiuf their associates, and warned them its under so been had born 011 the journey from Nauvoo. It would thatSnirit.. She long against being out at night, and everything that influence that "she shook as though palsied be one and then the other. The eldest was would tend to evil, r Spoke of the condition of head with laid her hands 'upon liiy affairs in Utah, and repeated the quotation playing in the room, adjoining, and without wlifii and She" rebukccLmyiwcaknes?, mv .mother.-new any- known cause, he, commenced screaming; irom ocripiuir, aicu .icign me afllict-in- g or then wa.3 thatkad into the it and: been, most frightful going". floundering necessary that the every disease people mourn." "Thought made be to me whole, felt sure" that and and be commanded should contortion?, - which obliged us to stop and me, Saints purified, other and blessings to' him and rebuke' that spirit in the many "God was our Friend,' and made other interest-iupronouncing health ' ' literal been which have all of name of Jesus, when the child quieted down noon me. nearly remarks. ' We had no sooner begun' ly fuifilfed. From that morning I went about referred to S. . and went to sleep. Coun. E. Taylor Bishop to work a though nothing had been the matlast. of sermon again to seek in prayer for the promised biasSunday,' and, felt Whitney's His of one remember we Lord than wero the did ing, again interrupted by my ter. Thus mother's babe screaming, and it had lain sleepunworthy handmaidens and fulfill the promise her testimony; thought w;e should gird on the ing peacefully till then, He was operated up- ' that had'bi'eu given by .the gift and power of whole armor of salvation, and felt we could on.in a similar nianner to theother, so we were the Holy Ghost.. tru-- t in the Lord, etc. . under the necessity of auin stopping to adTiic struggles that we had with evil spirits Conn'. II. M." Whitnev. in her remarks minister to .him, when he wai immediately 'ra- were something similar to what the Prophet thought we would be brought Into bondage believed, and went to sleep. Bjtjust as soon m Joseph Smith experienced in par West, fore we could be delivered by the hand of God. we commenced araiu to strii'Mo the bless--- i .xMi's'ouri. lie said the devil contended with Said. "All that our enemies are dointf 13 for the n g t hat-- l i a I been-pror- n ied,-th-e'him- -f icz to faeerafter ' lie had-a- ftl ictedhts f furtherance of our Father's work: iniduitv will ( bird one wa seized, and this continued through the da v, and little child, claiming that he had the best right be purged out, and we will nave to become a the evil imiorebuked had were which "houie it V) that every by purchased, Joseph new people." Spoke of the carelessness of the power of thtt priesthood, which had some been by occupied previously having some ra aueiiuiug iueetiugsN uuu receiving in' Referred wicked people. . But he rebuked the devil in structions.' upon us in the 'house of, God in confp Tier recent visit to nection with our hu;banu3. This only the name of the Lord, and he had" to leave the Millard Stake.' arid how the Lord had blsssed stimulated u to persevere, and that wrestle house. her,'although she went'albne trusting in Him; continued between the two power?, each set king My father also had some contests with evil .thought deliverance would come to the Saints the supremacy, till finally we became satii-iie' " spirits when young in years, and also in experi'thatwe wouhl have to part with cne of those ence. The Prophetonce requested him to relate SOOiJi . Mrs. Elizabeth Yates, President of the Relittle ones before we could obtain the coveted those occurrences and the vision of evil spirits lief Society of Millard Stake,' made some very blessiug. Therefore, when the day was nearly in England on the opening of the Gospel tor Jnfprpsf TriiT rnrl lnstrofitrA rpmt'rlre"oVIor spent, and we had witnessed the workings of that ponple. After doing so, he asked Joseph in to learn their all the sisters re- power, the hvojmrers-ron- e just in propor! ion to ill t- uiratral Hhozrthrngritteati tyfetirttrgthere might oother the mothers concluded to calLTiishop, be something wrong 111 him. Joseph s aii3ver Saints, the gifts and blessings of the Gospelt and this relate Whitney day's experience and' wa-- : "No. Brother Heber; aHliat time, when Mrs. M. S. Kimball, in the:course of her releave the diction with him. whether or not we you were in England, you were nigh unto the said, "Our strength lies in thi ispirit of had been directed" by the light spirit. We there was onlyft" veil' between you and mark,we Lord, cultivate, arid I believe Tt is right to" peace broke our fx--t, and "the Jii.shop came about Him, hut could not see Him. When I you for the government of this nation,' that dusk and spent the of the night, heard of. it, it gave me great for. I then, pray joy, its oflicers may be enlightened and do justice in answering questions and explaining doctrines knew the wotk of God had taken root in that and things which the sister's had never before' land. It- - was this that caused the devil to make to our people; the more wisdom we havefrom understood. lie had previously a smuggle' Jo kill you." be Vlisciplined and to be tested." some fears that the Voters" might be out of .the then said the nearer a person apJoseph !Mrs. B. W. Smith said inany-good things; way, seeing them meet together so often, but proached to the Lord, the greater power would realized that we could void many. sorrows, if he changed his mind, for he w;i' filhd with be manifest .by the devil to prevent the accomwe were watchful and humble; and. tried to the Holy Spirit the moment he entered l of the purposes of God. He also plishment cultivate love and peace at home andabroad. His mind was clear and like a foungave father an account of many contests that" Mrs- believed in short minutes tain, and we only had to ask and receive, fur he had had with Satan. ' our faith was such that it would snort speecnes. rrayed lor rresident take no denial. Tiiese things I have written'Tor the benafit auu-iHe told us that we were iie'arer obtaining what of Cleveland; favored cultivating a spirit of peace. .'aisters, and 'I have more which I would my Prest. Horne made closiug remarks; exhorted we had sought fur, an I the Lord was nr..icr like to make known to them, if my life is than we had atfyjdea of, and that our desires the sisters to prav for the President and would have been realized had we given brethren in prison and in bonds; gave other up 01 ' those children. Hesaid it was only through good instructions. similar struggles thjtf any great manifestations BELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. 0ference -- adjourned for" three months.' from' on .high were'ever obtained. There were Singing, "Praise to the. man. who communed of 11. Minutes things that he tittered that night that he did S. of Conference of with Jehovah." Benediction by Mrs. Rebecca Synopsis -- wot know of himself, but ..' Jones. .. ... by the Spirit some this Sta!;e, held in the Fourteenth Ward Hall, choice truth were reyoaled through him, and Dec. 11th, 1885;Mrs. M. I. Home presiding! thev wtre of a most condoling nature to women, On the stand were Counselor.E, S.,Tavlor and An . Irish .. gentleman, lywTng received an H. M. Whitney,. Secretarv of R, S.,iAIrs. S. iuvitation particularly to those who wre making a willfrom a wealthy but not d Kttnhall. Secretary K.S. Salt Lake Stake, ing sacrifice in helping their husbands to accomon was ushered lady, into her presence. arriving Mrs. VI Howard, Treasurer, Mrs. B. W' Smith plish the great and mighty purposes which the She was sitting; in the librarv.. surrounded - Lord had commanded by them, to dp, and thev Cor. Sceretary.Mrs. M. W. Wrilcox, and several gorgeousiy-boun- d books. .'You see,.Mri X.,"-sh- e were promised that, eventually all that were presidents were seated Drt' the platform said, "I need never be loneIy:.for here I true and faithful would .enjoy all that their Tjrairch f ter si Hiring er was offered by Mrs. .sit, surrounded )ray hearts desired, or could conceive of; their. trials llachel by my best friends.". .Mr. X. Continued by singing Whipple. a approached fchelf, and. without replying, took and rufivrings here would b? swallowed up in aker which luinut-- s were resid and approved' down a volume which he observed to be uncut, the glory they had attained to through obediand presidents' roll called: twentv-tnf,,i! and immediately observed, with a most ence, anil .they would b3 enthroned and rein dents, five counselors and one genial teacher respond- am happy to finders. V., that, un''l Hli,c, R3 .queens... iuUhe presence-o- f (Vd. tleimuci a lew won s of rT;prt like the ; majority of people, ' without cud. you do .'not cut aud then reports were given from the 1st, 2nd your friends." - p- tht-ik'sirc- " 1 1 l- - 1 t - : - -- be - ad-minist- er L' . : ; . : ' fr r ( ' '' been-conferre- d L ' : - d .' - . . bet-.portio- n . ex-press- -- he-hous- E.-Howa- ' rd n , e-o- f , - : .' over-refine- : : h : - - . 