The Bights of the Women of Zion, and th9 Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. m SALT LAKE CITY, UTAU4 APRIL GIVE US JUDGMENT, 0 LORD XLISBS BUGOilSTED Br CHRIST'S COUNSEL TO . i Tin j ."-J- escs. From renaeraent and friends, from enjoyment and easela I a poor loatb.omo leper, his wretchedness brought tno gracious riiytlclan (by maltitudee Bought)'-Animplored III compassion, with suppliant mien 'Lord, I know if tboirwilt, that thou canst make' me : clean." And lie, who was humble enough "to fnlfill All righteousness," answered the pleader, 'I will." blest transformation, miraculous eight! In an Instant the leper was purified quite; 'Made whole oVrrwWt,ft and by gratitude bound ' To publish his cure In the regions around. But Christ, never eager to add to His fame, To blazon Ills deedR, or to trumpet His name,. - Strictly cautioned him, "Tell lUa no man7 but go, And as Moses commanded, an offering bestow for thy cleansing, and thns thou a witness shalt be To the priests of a miracle wrought upon thee.'1 Was Jesus ashamed of the good He had wrought, jOrcarcd He so mnch whatJheJarIscgs4hooffhtf- Or was It a crime to bestow strength and health, A blessing far greater than all the world's wealth? Wherefore wish a IxSaeficient act to be hidden Like something unlawful, unwise and forbidden? Oh! V -- Woodmansee. at EPISODE 1. THE GIRL HER SERIOUS MEDITATION ON HER APPROACHING BIRTHDAY.' IFtlieTast yThis in Wednesday I .hall ever see fifteenth, my year! Four days more will make me sixteen! 'How swift time flies! Twelve months have rolled round since I last saw this day, and it seems, as it, were, but yesterday; every day, nay, every hour and minute brings - To aroid much display and to weigh what we tell." Surrounded by spies, Jesus guarded nis speech; Oft in parables spoke, and endeavored to teach Truths exalting and deep, in so simple a waj, That the Gospel of goodness the meek might obey, Bat with languago that glow'd like a torrent of firt, He silenced tho 6corners who kindled Ills Ire. - Christ reproved their conceit and their covetous ways, Whose broaden 'd phylacteries courted men's praise; Who censured in others the tiniest flaw, ' And neglected tho weightiest points of the law; 8elfisb priests, pompons hypocrites, else bad they ne'erl: Dared to make a thieve ' den of the temple of prayer. a people so blest and so blind,Who were looking and waiting a monarch to Hud, Who thought that their 'King should have enter'd In v 6tate, And shown Himself t rnly Messiah the Great! "He came to His own," but they ecorn'd 16 endure r The presence and precepts of one 60 olscure. - ' With proof upon proof of an. era dbiue, The Pharisees tauutingly call'd for a 6ign; Blam'd Beelzebub, even, for all that Christ done, And counted Him only "the carpenter.s son;" Yet with all, Jesus stem'd envy's turbulent tide from the hour of his birth to tho day that no died. pious elite, the se'ect "upper ten," Look'd down from their height on the Savior of men; Eut their jealousy sensed and it nourished their spleen, That a wonderful man was ths strange Nazarener . Still they questioned, while hating him all that they F could, "Can there come out of Nazareth ought that Is good?" "The Kingdom of Heaven comes without observation." A Christ couldn't please a perverse generation, Or force them to welcome the dawning of light, ' Whose deeds were all evll.beflttinir the night; . "If a prophet had risen, indeed," from the dead r ch a people would ne'er bars believed what he said." summers had . revolved' above "thee; I feel to draw a pen picture .of thy early day3, for surely they were not the days of common childhood; thy spirit was born mirthful, playful,, gay, yet thoughtful, pensive, often sad, the effect of organization and temperament; over thy early youth hung a dark cloud, arising from a too precocious mind, that fed too much upon its own vitality, and iu a too secluded life; none, knew those mental trials you trembled lest any one should discover them; they were entire-- ' .between thyself and thy Father, God. How often hast thou risen in the silent watches of the night to pray that the dark cloud might be lifted" off thy soul, that faith and hope and the light of heaven might beam upon thee. Strange a very child should be so tried, and all so silently; that life, present and future, should appear a blank! She ielt happiness was not for ,her, which she felt to yet h"owTshe yearned-foMhbe her native element, and feeling herself so capable of enjoying it, but she decided in. her childish code that she would strive to be good, and would do her best; that she might have peace. Strange decision forjy;rJith just her7 thirteen years. Never ceasing time rolled on. - Months, years passed; Womanhood,Wifehood,Motherhood,yet through all brooded still that dark and heavy" shadow. Prayers seemed of no avail, yet still she never ceased to pray, but with a difference. Years rolled on, and then silently, al mo? t impfeceptibly, ths cloud was gradual lifted, and silently, almost impreceptibly, peace and happiness grew uoon her; the morbid feelings seemed to evaporate,and she realized an exceeding great reward was given to her, and then the knowledge came that the hand of'Gool had been upon her for good, that He held her firmly, but yet gently and lov-- " iugly, giving her strength to decide as did holy Job, "Though He slay me, yet will I put my trust in Him." The woman, in asks herself, "Has this her life done to the girl? Again the mature justice she looks upon the silent miniature and soliloquizes: Gi with its thee, as gazing on thy painted-imagfifteen summers now before her. She feels almost thou art her peer, Lord! we faia would remember Thine own it behooves To "be wise e'en as serpents, and harmless as doves;" Tboiigh 'tis needful to suffer for righteousness' sake, May we.needlesely never an enemy make; Give us jadgmeDt, O Lord! make us wise as obrdjent, For prudence Is power and His often expedient. , H. - , ' mcrct'ul Christ, for humanity's sake If uo reputation Tbyeelf didst Thou make, Or seek for applause, or a recompense ask, So hoIy.Tby aims and so hard was Thy task; rno highest on earth, yea, a God in disguise; "Prince of Peace". Thou wtrt humble and patient and wise. Emilt : : - ; Was Jesus afraid? Can we oven suppose Christ stood for one moment in awe of His foes? He knew that Ills Father could Instantly send Countless legions of angels His Son to defend; Bat He chose not to ask Him, and., taught as, '"Tis The . self-righteo- 3. L. City. ' - r-- Oh! " - Tj Alas! for 1885. 6bonld Jcshs front bondage redeem Such an IBraeJ, and crown them with glory supreme? n a wren irom the Romans, a bigoted brood. .Or exalt the who thirsted for blood? Not for this came the Christ, at so fearful a cost, Bat to seek and to ransom the humble and lost. " Wisdom is justiiled of her children Shut off from the world by a fearful disease, , - " LEIEH.) weI1 "r And wherefore 1 , us nearer to oui latter nd A few years more and I shall have passed the meridian of life; every appearance of youth will then be forever fled, if it should please heaven to spare me to that iime. There is something very solemn,to me,in seeing or doing a thing for the last titael I shall never see this day agaiu,butas. I grow in years, and the cares and troubles of this life come upon me, may heaven grant that I may grow in grace; may I "be enabled to do my duty in every station of life iu which it shall please God to place me; may I do my duty to my dear father and mother, and also to him who seems destined as the companion of in life If voluntarily and deliberately I choose to make him such,I am bound by the strongejst ties to- - fu I fill" Eosacr edijnengagem en t; may-Go- d in His infinite mercy assist me in -th.3 essential most part of mf 'duty. In adversity : and affliction may I look up to my Heavenly Father for comfort and support; and in pros-- ; forget my duty. To be perity may virtuous is my heart's desire. May God, who ; knows my heart, grant that I may be so; may I be willing and even desirous to leave this, world when God, in His infinite goodness, shall see fit to call rae.may I be prepared to quit this world, that I may meet death without fear or amazement; may I be admitted into that heavenly kingdom, where only the vir dwell lore vet, tuous can be admitted, there in blest eternity. Make .me, 0 Lord, to know Thy will, and guard me from the road to ill. Teach me Thy ways, and grant that I may never on myself rely, nor think ray wisdom will suffice to guard me through this world of vice. No, let me ever, ever pray for .Thy pro; tection night and day. :: , hour-ofjudgm- ent, e - w . ' 8ho feels below the promise of her youth; For f y long years, and great experience, She can in judgment,!! npon her youthful type, Call In the witnesses and justly weigh , The being now beneath her scrutiny; And memory rises up aud shows how Good, and pure, and honorable thou wert, With just thy fifteen summers o'er tby head. No craven in thy soul wert thou, Hut high born in thy heart and Iirain; And though so tong beneath that heavy cloud, though thy prayers appear'd as though unheard, Through all the scenes that should be snnny youth, Thy soul still served by waiting for thy Lord; ' And looking back at this late period jAnd The woman knows full well that God was there, Preparing thee in His high school for that Momentous time when He would call, and thou In meekness should respond, Father, "lo, I come" To bo enrolled with Saints of Latter-days- , And be a member la the First bom's Church. . - EPISODE 2. May the child be mother to the woman. Justitia. March 16, 1885. -- THE WOMAN REVIEWS AND JUDGES THE GIRL. Queen Victoria, expected to leave Windsor for Germany on the 30th of Inst month and remain on the continent three weeks. . ;. Girl, I bless thee! &3 1 gaze upon the features which thy miniature presents to me when fifteen , 