ft f fef tiutattenUcaJ Lit year datyia gft e, Jet ' Rt&sr r .4 afric$$5g uaj'it ,iaea may ii 'ii 1'". : - - : frrcrlte, D;. F. flier tWK. tiorauiy Uiv are wcrth ? ' eauxa be not by." 1 for ' a perisn in xaoxneni, pe . : r- & - Bsmewhere I hare md that the great Jennie; L!nJ. renowned n tt ell for her w eat tnd affable: at tot her gift of nog n'u been ta!d to: hare made "a conaolence of her art" She al wayi did herbest; wit just at detlrloua to excel and please when ' singing to a few poor peat snt a callirea, at when performing before the jm tatnie audlencei of the Worl J. If there Is profession on the earth who - thoQld make any a conscience Of their art. it is most one yon haya chosen. ViTbink of the assuredly f the sacred cbsrge submitted to" our care human Jives! To the Great Author of this mortal ex- lit&ncr, one life U juit at precious as another -- He prlxsi the life of the pW and the lowly ae much as that of the rich and affluent. Then let ucj nerer be Influenced In bur prof esslcn as medl cal attendanu by the . wealth .or position of our :iiatoii -- - 1 . rtfort aotal 'wcrdj quctesT'ty bar - pttrons. r While lingering on the last good bye, iwouIJ fain txpress to you the depth of my tllectlon -I aaa interest, and ray earnest desire for your fu-- ' tare laceeai and prosperity. Wherever you - meyacjourn my sympathy and love, my sincere " ana prtyert will iccomDtnv too. ts2JS At a 1 ut admonition I would WV: ru (ma in ifhalyour own hearts tell you: Is jest and right. x-- iia L- im iMtuiiii m mo uucnarge or every duty to 1 yoar s, and ever Jayal to your fellow-creature- l.i K 6., Y. L. M. L A. & P. A. REPORTS. . : ii oi mo au v,uujvului,o nwuw oilices held by her here. ? " : V 8tei: Grover gave a valedictory address- said it was hard f or her to resign her ofSces,be- cause jshe had taken so much pleasure in" her ' labors and associations with the Primaries Gave some good instruction to the childrcn,and ' ever prayed for their welfare, The Suke Presidency is now as follows: a 7 11. A. Cazier. PresL' lArrletfli Mrn-Cazier; Secretary tCBigler; Counselors,.!. " ciu - was read by Sister Martineau4 after , which were some exercisesj Indicative of the work done during the winter. ' The following i one elw takt the ease. Remember the osa . In the afternoon the financial and statbtical Bexrcisea may be mentioned; The Prophecy of Samuel the Lamanite, from the Book of Mormon, was very well rendered. O. F. Whit-- 1 nes "Christmas Idyl" was excelfehtly recited, and a very good manuscript paper was read." ".Sister Taylor said she was pleased with the reports and exercises; could note an improve-- : ment since last conference. Mn your meetings f iand Ireasurer. '!' bear your testimonies,- - and respond to every : Conference adjourned.; Singing Benpdi.l call. Learn to think and write vour thouchts tion by Bishop John . Hawa of Mona - ? in-for your manuscript papers; sustain home : The Young Ladies'. Improvement Associasees: tion for excellence. All uusmes; obey counsel; occupied the aiternoon, meeting commencour Mutual Improvement work must be found-- 1 ' at ing two p.m., Stake Prest. M. E. Teasdale, ed on the. spiritual. . presiding. After the usual opening exercises rreat C. O. Card said he had enioved the . j wo jiiuiaiea viinepre- 0i6& time spent in the i meetinsr. "The sisters have vious conference were read and approved: also duties to perform as litter-da- y owuauwu ouu uuaiiciai reporis oi ine county, Saints, and r' Daring the administration of the sacrament they should not shirk them, thinking they can do nothing outside of home. Be willing to asthe choir sang a few appropriate verses. The sist in any public labor, and do not wish to reprogramme consisted of the reading of the called to assist if in the Yountr Ladies' sign Young Ladies' Journal, songs and addresses, " Attend I Associations, or Relief Society. ' ' . ner by the members. meetings and be faithful, and you will be blessed in your homes and in your lives. Prest. Paxman then snotfi of Rifi. After the reading of the following resolubeing called to labor in the Temple at Logan, therefore making it necessary for her to resign tions, by the Prest., the conference was ad V - her! .';;. ;:.; 'Vf:' journed: position as. Coun. to the Stake Prest Expressed his regret at having to' part with so Whereas, the day is .now at our doors when earnest and zealous a4 laborer as Sister H. the enemies of Zion are arrayed against her, Grover had been in this position. and boldly declare their inteutions'of forcing Sister Grover then tendered her resignation us. , as a relieious bod v. to relinonish that and made a Jew appropriate remarks relative which is ; dearer than life itself, depriving the to her association with the yonng people of children of holy wedlock of honorable parenJuab Stake. Expressed - her regret at having tage, and our parents of those inherent riffhtsi" to separate from them, and closed her rethat were given by God to His children marks by blessing them and wishing them to Therefore, We. the daughters of these noble still keep her in remembrance and be her men and women, emphatically affirm that we " friTJ Prest Teasdale gave the spiritual report of Resolved to prove ourselves worthy of our the branch Associations. . Testified to the good bv Datronizinir. parentage works of sister Grover, and felt that she could tiously and dislnterestedlv. our home industries not say enough in her praise. ; and institutions, thereby proving bur faith by Prest. Paxman made , few a t -v closing remarks, our woncs. an exhortation to the containing young to imResolved, That we will endeavor to further themselves prove mentally, physically and the interest of our own cause by curtailing our ' not to engage in the service of the adversary. neeaiess wants, ana strive, by industry and Miss Kate Love was then chosen as .First to bringv prosperity doora. acain economy, to our v a a o Counselor J to Prest Teasdale, and Miss Mary and become a people, as we have as. Linton Second Counselor to fill the vacancy, been counseled from the earliest period of our ' caused by the removal of M. A.. Cazier. to the ., y.. i history in these valleys. Stake Presidency of the Primaries. The officers Resolved, That as members of the Y. Tl M the Associations "were then presented and of J. A., we will try to set an example worthy of unanimously sustained. Huu.awu, cuucttvuf w upe our aaornings tner Conference adiourned for three months; Ring workmanship of our own hands, and ever fipar ing, "Come we that love the Lord," etc. Benein mind, that to obtain the blessings we desire, i diction by Bishop Warner of Nephi. we must 1 ' '- -- ; . 4 ; : ; : v ; . ' ? MESA, ABIZONA. v V " Tl ; to-d- :. -- v ..' ! SfaV w Our Relief Societr -, wuibi.i4W M a in the Relief Society Hall, in Mesa, 'held President E. G. McDonald presiding. After a repon 01 ine .wo;uui wiiujgwasexercise various branches dven. showing consider. able improvement in good works since our last conierence. vaita a number of the sisters ; ' were called upon, who cheerfully responded, w wuut woras oi ngnteous- - and-caus- e. . , v-- 7 : sell-sustaini- : , Prest. E. G. McDonald then instructed the conference s in their duties as teach era. nmtlier and Saints,after which the statistical and finan r w cial reports were read. r, r -Prest. Chat. I. Robson.Bishnnn Pomrrnv rA 0. M. Stewart, and Elder J. M. Lewis were caliea upon, all of whom encouraged the sis-teintheir work of cbaritv. , in , th of silk mdustrywas dwelt 4 w fe1??- importance to us, as r a. number 'of the sisters in propose that pleasant andf profitable labor engaging thS Beasqn. excellent spirit prevailed during our ; t rs TJyt yyt isifc wen " .e " CACHE 8TAKE:"'-'- ' -- Jsi;3i ': ' Young IidiesConierencV ofi Cache jr" Stake was held in the tabernacle, March 7th, 1885, Prest Carrie M. C. Smith;' presiding There were present on the stand Counselor Ida jj X lngtcin, Sisters E: 8. layloiyE. Howard .t'. find Mary Freeze. '? - ' In tha forenoon the Presidents of the a wards gave verbal reports of their associa-- : vari--;ou- ? : tions, all of which were highly satisfactory, after which Sister Freeze said: "There are enough sisters present to sow the good seed in every association. ; There' is no happiness out- - ' side of the Gospel. Be obedient and prayerful, in., youth that i the SpirS of God i ? ' brmgs happiness." leP 1 merit them by keepbg the n r Ellen .Bakbee, Corl M. E. Ord, Stake Secretary, L. A CazierJ Secretary of Primaries: " Secretary. - ah wuiwwvb,6uu paiaior aitenaing. ' ; y: Addie Pissey, Secretary. 1; vl:C';- -; : , WEBEB'STAKE. The Primary and Youniy LiidW Amnn. Ubm of Juab Stake held their conference in the meeting house, Marchi 15th 1885. The Primaries occupied the morning meeting, Stake Prest, Hannah Grover, presiding. -- The Sabbath School choir sang the two opening hymns. Prayer was offered bv Bro. Chai.'KnprrV Th minutes of the last conference were read and aisQ.the financial and statistical reWved, of each of the associations. ports W e,:; -- - A programme.consisting of recitatinn ' fvwuu,wi;uM!u me cnuaren. oj M. Following these exercises Sister E, Ntff represented the First Ward of Nephi as being m. a healthy condition both temporally and epintually; also spoke ol- mental and moral culture. This was followed by A. CBigler reporting the Second Ward of: NephL and Esther Gardner that-d- f LeVai; Then Treat. Paxman announced that Prest.' Hannah Grover had been called to labor in another field, and The quarterly conference "of the Relief cietv of WebAr flf a acle Ogden: Thursday, March 12, ;188o, '" Viftmmpnrinff of' 1A iftMAnlr n . f W T ''a Richards presiding.1 Singing, "On the moun- tain tops,A etc.: Prayer by Elder ; W. 8 : Childs. - "Singirig'Let us" pray, gladly nrav." p etc. Minutci of Drerious confererififl anil re ports from nearlv all the branches in Weber Co. were readhowing the healthy condition of 3 tL the? entire Society in" that'stake , Prest Richards made a few encouraging re-marks; alluded to the angels taking notes of r our good deeds, and our meeting together; and pf ail things: transpiring : in our midst; urged the people? to., look on the; bright side and be i ;full of hope and joj; and' remember that God will over-rul- e everything Jbr the upbuilding 2 it 1 ' 3 ' . 11 ; ; : -- '.:UHW,'4o FmM' 4DUB UWliou Y.y, JbaLwa mig;ht .hav humility and rfaithr.to en dure all the" trials necessary for our exalta-- " " ion. " ; " :- - . - "" 