85 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. R, S.. AND Y. L. MEETING. powerfully in. tongues, and He interpretation was : .. givn by Sister, Bishop. :j:L Prest. Home made some closing remarks, and felt there ha3 been much of the good spirit in the meeting. Meeting adjourned, for two weeks. Singing, "Gurde us, O Thou Great Jehovah," etc. Benediction by Sister E. S. .Taylor. ' 77 4 Synopsis, of semNmonthly meeting, held SepY : 5th, iSSS, C6u.oeiox T.niu i) . H. Young presiding. Singing, "O my Father," etc. Prayer by Coun-- . selor B. W. Smith. Singing. Minutes of previous meeting read and! approved. Minutes of Y. the 20th and nth Wards, also IV A,. from 2 st and 20th Wards,. Sister Zina rejoiced to meet with the sisters after such a long absence, and referred to the beautiful- ideas she had notfced in the minutes from the as sociations. ''Our children are like flowers, and they will not grow up without cultivation, and we need the Spirit of God with us daily, that we may bring them up in an acceptable way." Made many interesting remarks. : Sisters E. S. Taylor and.S. M. Kirriball eachspoke a short time, and gave a few items of their . trip throagh Bear. Lake valley. Sister B. W. Smith expressed her views on the times, and her impressions that the times would grow brighter. Sister Ziria referred to the privileges the Saints enjoy in the Temple, and the necessity of purity of life, in order: to- se cure the blessings of the "ordinances in the house of the Lord. Gave excel- ' lenjt advice to mothers in regard to the dress of children,. and exhorted them to set good examples before them. Spoke of the Hospital, and reported its present condition and needs; urged the sisters to send fruits, jellies, etc., and related some interesting anecdotes that were applicable to her re. L-fro- .. ''. 1 . meeting, helcHn the Fourteenth WarcLAssembly Rooms, Saturdayj Oct. 3rd, ioo5,Mrs. M. Isabella Horne presiding. After singingrprayer by Brest. Horne, and singing again, Brest. Horne read the resignation of Miss Alice Jenkins, as secretary, and a motion was made to accept it, she having served faithfully for some years, and resigned now only on account of removing from the city.. Minutes of previous meeting read and. accepted, and minutes of Y. L. from 10th and 20th Wards, and P. A. from-2oth- , 5th, nth, 1 6th and 21st Wards were also read. Prest. Horne made opening remarks, in which she alluded to the trials through which the Saints were passing, and the. necessity of faithfulness. Said she was proud of the brethren who had stood up before the courts and borne a faithful testimony ; - . TO THE-PUBLIC- . Not long since, accompanied by a friend, I visited the Desei et Hospital, the home for the sick and afilicted. Thinking that an account of my visit might be of interest to sympathizers of suffering humanity, I will pen a few words relating to it. We were met at the door by a pleasant, nice ap pearing lady, who afterwards introducedherself as Mrs. Jennie Whipple, and as she had urgent business on hand, she ushered us into the sitting room, and then left us to our own thoughts and observations. "Everything seemed in proper order, but the most beautiful ornament the room con tained was a poor little lame, orphan child, sitting" busily employed in looking over pictures. Strange. - to say, before we left, we found that the child was perfectly contented and happy and not so strange either, when I reflect back on the kind and loving demeanor the Matron exercised, to watch himr: -Later on, as we wended our way from room to room, we found the same neatness and order that characterized the sitting room prevailed elsewhere. Everyone was as comfortable as could be expected.-Could not but exclaim mentally, "God bless all women of Zion- - who are working "so "zealously to support so worthy an institution." It is a cause all sisters should take an interest in.. Methinks the President, Officers and Matron should have our support in every way that we can give it, to aid them in this great work. a-- I the-nob- le illustrated h irremarks by Scripture quotations and brought up some good examples. A sister ir the congregation made some remarks, . enjoyed her recent visit to the Temple. Sister Sinah Bishop spoke of the trials through which the Saints are now passing, and bore testiof the principle of plural marmony to riage. A it- friU CIo,.. T"l.... "uai ujrci ojjuic a aiiuii mm, auu uiumj iuhu in the gift of tingues, Sister Bishop giving thr interpretation.. Sister Elsmore bore a faithful testimony of the Gospel. Singing, "The Spirit of God," etc. Some - other - sisters bore testimony and made good remarks. Sister Jane James spoke Ida Hoag, - the-trut- . -t- -t ' Sylvester, Dear Sister: Michigan, Oct.22nd, 1885. ' It always affords me joy to commune with those " ' who have obeyed the Gospel in Its fulness, have been made partakers of that Holy Spirit, which . - y S. Taylor, the first speaker, gave an account of her visit, to the General at Logan, and alluded to the excellent Moses Thatcher and Erastus Snow. Sister H. M. Whitney spoke upon the present condition of this people, the fulfillment of the prophecies; gave some of her own experience, and said she jjftelv thought we should exercise , more charity towards those who are being tried... Counselor B. W. Smith expressed her desire to see the young people active in the organizations; them to stand-u- p and thought it was good-fospeak; thought we ought to encourage them all we could, and made other good remarks. Prest Horne then requested the sisters in the .congregation to occupy the time, and Sisters Taylor, Kimball, Eva Young, Fowler, Watmough and Mortenson spoke upon the principles of the Gospel and bore testimony to its truth.Prest. Horne spoke a few minutes of the events transpiring among the nations, and the' final triumph of the Saints: Meeting then adjourned for two weeks. Singing, Doxology. Benediction' by Sister .Watmough. r T ! Sister E. interesting Conference sermons of . "semi-month- ly y . ; the Exponent, it fills my heart with joy to see how the sisters are progressing in the cause and God thrown down nor given to another people. Dear sister, I have been a member of the Churcli Saints for ten yearl of Jesus Christ of Latter-daout never naa me privilege 01. gameiing wuu iuc C i U.ri rtVi.r.rc- IrtnA rt Uii 1 f mo if K fill Latter-daSaint, although deprived of the association of any one of the Saints. I am alone, but feel that God is with me. I know this is the work of God: it comforts His children, and makes them acquainted wfth one another, if they never see each other, and it causes us to love one another. It is a glorious work, and though we may be tried in every way, let us be firm and pray for an in- rrpasp nf faith anH firmness and if ?e are united all will be well ; we will be able to come off more than conquerors, for the promises of God "cannot king-donT- of . marks., Sister E. H. Woddmansee and Sister Jane & Fowler llTaIlhfftttestirn.onies. Sister E. B. Wells thought'; sisters would cultivate themselves by speaking amTpr&yingm Synopsis of . Minutes of previous meeting read and approved. Minutes of Y. L. A. from the 1.2th and 20th Wards, and P. A. of the 20th, 10th and 5th Wards. Prest. Horne .proposed Miss Jane Smalie as Secretary of these meetings, which was unanimously - cotcloii heart and feelings are with, them and all their works, and when I read this worthy little paper, y carried." a this few lines tolhoseAvho ate In Church, it seems to me like writing home, for my " . the.meetings whenever they had an opportunity. Urged $e mothers to pay special attention to the company their sons and daughters associated with, of the. dangers to which the young are now exposed, and the great interest she felt in the deportment and cultivation of the youth of Zion. Sister Mary Silver bore a powerful testimony. Sister Zina made closing remarks, and told the congregation that Brigham Young had said the true Saints would never have any trial greater than this people had alreadv passed through. Singing. Benediction by Miss Alice Jenkins. .session of thelsam meeting," held Oct. 17th, 1885, M. Prest. .Isabella Horne presiding. Singing, O Z'on.1' "Arise, glorious Prayer by Sister0E." B. Wells ' Singing, "Come, come ye Saints." Semi-monthl- - - ; flows on those who strive to live by its teachings Those only can . realrzeithe same who are, in pos-- : . fail.- - ' - . . Often, when alone, meditating on the sisters of Zion, I ask myself, "Will I ever have the happyprivilege of mingling with the Safhts of God?" It seems a long time since I had that privilege, but my heart is with the Saints; their feelings and hopes are mine, and often, when thinking of these rt o I r - K f little ninor fKi f rAm oc? wlfiAtif to me, I find the same feelings and words I think of, and it makes me feel happy to realize that there are some who have the same hopes I 'have. I am trying to live my religion all I can,but I have no one. to give me a word of encouragement or instruction, but God alone; I am very thankful for His loving kindness to me. I want to come home ' to Zion, for I have a work to attend to in the holy Temple of the Lord. I shall come to Zion the first chance I have. I have felt in trouble aboufthe Saints there, but I know God4s with them ; He is at the helm, never fear; when the cup of iniquity is full, He will then lay bare His arm and come .out of His hiding place and set His people free. I pray God, to bless you all, and give you His Holy Spirit to enable you io bear the trials of the present crusade and live humble and prayerful. May God bless' the worthy sisters, is the humble - r i prayer of 4 r' Your sister in the Gospel, Julia T. Palmer. FATTY SESSIONS. . Continued.' On the"29th and 30th of March, 1847, Sister Sessions-speaks-of-having-planted-se- eds of variQus kinds, and beginning to make a garden. Everyone who knows anything of our so journ in Winter Quarters must remember how delighted we all were with the idea of haying "garden stuff," after having been so long without this sort of food, and suffering, as many of the people had, with scurvy arid other ailments, in consequence. To those unacquainted with thesematters it might seem a trifling affair, but not so to those who had been deprived of the blessing of vegetable food. Sister Sessions alludes to many little "spiritual feasts," or meetings, in which " the gift of tongues and interpretation, &s well as prophecy, were given to comfort the sisters in the midst of severe trials through which they were passings April ist, she writes that she was with Apostle Orson Pratt's wife, Sarah, in her confinement, and spent the remainder of the day in visiting and attending to the sick; adminis-- - -- 