WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 110 when taking fully considered by young people,, of bus upon themselves the sacred obligations band or wife. It is not an event to De ngnuyu; sidered. Do they lore each other- with a pure, Have they perfect lann-auunselfish love? confidence in each other? These things are indispensable to. their future what happiness; Young people, who understand Saints do, cannot, in my opinion, 'the Latter-da- feel perfectly satisfied and happy with a com- v,ou panion who does not possess tne spirit oi and is not striyjngLtoJive a life of honesty and up .3 Lake are outrageously false. ' Very respectfully,; - FO U NO. - ' ; ' , ... Tightness. Will be encountered in this relationtrials Many ship: it will be necessary for each to make many sacrifices to each other's comfort and wishes, at m times, owing to the unavoidable differences the Exponent: Having perused the late publication from a verbatim copy of .the origirial ''Manuscript Found," I must say; that I was surprised to find such'a" shallow document, purporting to be the ,rorigin" of the Book of Mormon, and written by the renowned rcvitMS0ljvidnSpauhlwgyvho has been held up to 'tha world as a man of great learning and piety. One would think that those claiming relation, and who have been so eager to obtain it to expose ''Mormonisra' would be thoroughly chagrined when. they discover the 'style, etc.j In whichjhis "manuscript story" is, written, and wish that it - had been burned with other rubbish" before it left Honolulu, more. especially Mrs. Dickinson, "who is' getting up a book'to show that he, Spaulding,! was the real author of the Book of Mormon," as well as the priests and people who have? hashed up this story into various shapes as it suited their vile purposes, from the time, that this work called" Mormonism was first proclaimed by Joseph Smith . the I'rophet, to prove that it was a fraud, and " that Sidney RigdoVsfoTe'"the" manuscript, from a printing office in Pittsburg. Iris "a well known fact that the Book, of Mormon was published be fore Sidney; Rigdon ever heard of JosephSmith or the' Bjook of Mormon, and we have cause to feel grateful for the exposure of this fiction, which has beenthe delight of out intolerant and bigoted opposers to harp upon for the hst fifty years, as it. will give the world an opportunity' to judge fof themselves of the.tfuth or falsity of this work. " James T. C67b, who once' raad4 an hypocritical profession of faith-iMormonism, published a most vile and insulting letter to President Taylor, in which he called Solomon Spaulding a "clever, eccentric collegiate,"' and ''author-o- f the (unper-verferomance of the Book of Mormon." Near the close be said: "Vou say you are for the truth; but how can that be, when- - you defend the Book of Mormon, which I have proven and can prove ' toyou, sir, to be a lie." "But," using his own words, "no lie can last: it has the seeds of its -- . n d) " . itself." The "humiliation" of such is "inevitable;" if not here, 4beyond the' clouds and beyond 'the, torab when Ar that laveth, as well as he that maheth a lie shall be judged, and when all disguises' and all ;self delusions shall- be stripped away: I1ULeleh."Mar:.VhitneV-ovrn-death.withi- -- - -- . WEDDINGS. The announcement of a wedding often furnishes me food for reflection. Are the contracting-parties- , young couple who are thus ' forming a'life ' the to each other physically and partnership, suited ' intellectually? Are they taking this step understandingly, and after mature considera-ion- ? And above allhave they sought for Divine guidance from the Supreme King, who" so well understands the works of His hands, before doing that on which so much is depending which wflTT most likely, ."make their whole future lives" on this earth; and no doubt have a weighty bearing on the life to' come? These, and many which'-timalone can answer-forc' " themselves on my rrirhd. There 'are many things which should be care. nt or-ma- r other-question-s, e -- ' disposition and training, but whether these sacrifices will be made willtrigly or not, will depend exgreatly on the strength and quality of 'the love isting betweeri them. They should be ever willing sto overlook" each o'ther's faults, and assist by kindness and gentleness, to overcome and correct them." A youngrman;;before asking a young lady to be- 7 come his wife, should: observe well her character and disposition, and whether she will be likely to make a good, faithful wife and mother, and try to ascertain if 'she will be united "with him in'livfng his religion and serving God. . A young lady Tshdlild,m"Tunv make it a matter of sober thought and sound judgment, to ascertain if he, who has honored her with an oiler of his hand and affections", is worthy of a pure woman's love; if he is striving to serve God if he entertains a proper respect .for her sex, and if. his - actions and general character are such that she ; can respect and honor him- -, By thus making' a careful, selection, and taking a consistent course, much misery and unhappihes.s, discontent and. separation, with .their attendant evil's, might be avoided, even though "marriage is ' '"" " a lottery." ' - . , A wedding in our community to-da- y, when grand receptions, beautiful wedding dresses and magnificent wedding cake,jyhhan endless variety" of presents, from the guests are the rule, may make a greater stir in but to the bride and bridegroom their obligations to each other. are precisely the same as when, a few years ago, the young people and their parents spent less time and means to make a", grand display; when their limited means and joint savings were spent in. a frugal manner to procure the rea necessary articles to go to housekeeping with ; when they started, out together with strong, loving, hearts, and willing hands, to make a home. Was there not 'more 'real comfort and happiness then than now, when they start with all the comforts their parents have been able to accumulate after many years of ardious toil? Truly, this is an age. of advancement. It is to be hoped that those who are thus favored may have judgment to act wisely, that they may not come to the place where their parents, many of them, began-w- ith nothing. . it;, is H , ' " W f. i;th:tJ Saiutbave been trained f wjsd jjiothers almost exclusively by the, tlieir' time have who prc'achiiig the men spent Gospel, and in doing wltateverwas'' required of them." He also gave many .'othrQocl jn3truc- 'I' .. "' " ' V ' tions. The following wards were then represented: lannah --'.ChMatison; MatiassaV by; Pre?t. " " ' ' -- Kphraim745reh'tHTMr Pwasmi3scn7 M. A. Berthleseii. The differeut braiiehts of the Society were in; a nourishing condition. Many of the sisters then bore their testimonies to the truth of this work, and gnve good ad-vic- ; 1 p.iii, ': .' , , ' fceting-i3pene- d Afternoon 8es3tou, 2 p.m.: Berthle-sen- . )y singing, and prayer by Elder S. C, The Stake, organization not being complete, Sister Hattie Beers was chpserV and sus- tained as Second Coiuiselor m the Stake. Presidency; of the Belief Society; Sister Semantlia T. Boice was chosen and sustained as Secretary " -- . adT.eaaarer-- : Klder Dalton made some excellent remarks. Said, "The sisters are. entitled to all the gifts, privileges and blessings in connection with the brethren, tkat.ar.o within the grasp of humanity. The Kelief 'Society is one best organiza ' tions ambng'the mt'ler-tlaSaints." ;Showed what relation the sisters sustained to theCHilrcK "and kingdom of God; made many other good remarks, gave good instruction, and bre a strong testimony y to theL:truth "of this work. Remarks Were also make by Bishop Rasmassen, J. C Dalton ' aud others ' of the leading' : r- : brethren. ;: ;; Sister A. M. Rasmussen was then sustained, and set apart by Pre?t.' S. S. Smith, ai a midwife and nurse to the sick. Sister Beers was then set apart by Elder Dalton, Sister Boice , by Elder :V. Chnstison,. to their respective offices." A good spirit prevailed during the conference; wo truly had a time of rejoicing to be remembered bv those who " togetlier, long ' ' attended. ' ' ' After singing "The Snirit of God.etc.' and Jjenedictiou by Martin Christison, conference of-th- e y - ; : ! .; MaktiIa E. Smith, President, Semantiia T; Boice, Secretary.1 LOGAN ritlMAKY CONFERENCE.7 , v-T- :" ' ' he itr H Baker ;of that ; represented C 1113 JU9t 'necessary that the sisters v. '. .. !'' . e and instruction. Prest. Martha E. Smith was well pleased with tlio reports anil the remarks" made by tile tasters"" 'iWe all have a work to perform, aud if we are humbly and. , desire the blessing of "" the Lord, lie will assist us." Asked the Lord to'bless'al who are engaged in thia work . After singing and prayer, rncetitig adjourned "" until 2 . lfy " : Hfclifihl,-Prest- : - : , First District Piimary Confereaco met in the Lbgan Taberaacle at 10 a.m., November 14th. 1885. Stake ;Prrt. .Th .v. f,.ir. Marguerite. presiding. .The meeting was called , to order - P. S. The Exponent. increases in interest. by Prest. Jane E. Molen. Singing. Prayer The household hints? receipts for by Sister A. Barber. Singing. "Gladly Meet fancy work ' ' 7 etc., are a valuable addition ing.'; Prest Molen f h 4tntSTv tlxQ dlPreDt Pimaries to the stand. xue rirst ward was then represented by R. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A, REPOPwTS. I rest. Maud Burton.. She said that the'child-re- n of that ward had mad a n vf.rir,';A ' ', .'. ot hair flowers, .SA.y luis "stake. whibhtliey were'goin to to TemnlA the TT.,Lio tt-"present fir3t ofYhTi th WoY Sa,ve' a recitation, entitled, 'theSan Luis Stak?of lue on, Ship at, Sea' .The' Second Ward "was atianass. Colorado, June H 18 Present Martha E.; Smith representedyvresL Lydia BaWer A'song, presidio entit e(V"rKe VVeary. Gleaners' waVthehYen-After the. usual opening exercises, Presid ,1 S J?.f ;;lleMie KimbalH and Like : J:' ' that the brethren liunldSdme of' thcfUtniiici oi!. the ; , To p.nd Gospel, as ! y REVIEW OF THE MANUSCRIPT " " families , -'- . .. to.ench other, cliib'irrn the t.rindplcs of the - i , John T. Caine. : cir''ablclor-'bealP- ' who have. demanded and secured reinforcements .sejaJ te Fort Douglas have not been animated by M'lw&'vwppsbat w'ln tbe object of annoy in, and 'if possible, of goading the Mormons to The Mormons insist that the reasons violence. assigned for sending additional troops to .Salt wrdrTh-Thfrdar- was lrest; 'QmAMiiie Tarbet,6f thaf ward;fthei If papa d sanangtifld, were only ready." The Fourth Ward . 