V O 'HU &u cater who utirous 'irora oi trM tit blunge sis., aua oy raisea them, to up people ursto Him wh will fear and serv Htm:aihi , t&ese aoblewoiuen of.: Zton whoiubcrib? to these laws are destined to become the rhMhers of this mighty and xk ble race; thefwiil be the mothers of rulers, for out of governors, jailgts aad Zioa will go the and rulers to gov era the nations. The emissaries of Satan have for yrars been trying to decoy the women of Zion froni they cry out "shams" to them beeauso they endure the ''degradation"- - of polygamy, and try to make them believe there is. danger in it; when persuasion fails tbey try to force them from it, they take from, them their liberty, they drag them into court and there they insult them with impunity; they throw their husbands and sons, those men who are stand' ing forth ia mighty strength ia the defease of the right3 of woTD-eby marrying them, into J; so zealous m this heinous lajail, and they are bor that they are tearingdown the government to deprive them of the. right to do this thing. But will they do it? No; not while, woman values her chastity and delires to lead a pure life they will never do away with the principle of plurality of wives. While we remain pure ct us in this in ourworihip-tlie-Lor- d z: iteet t. s dsv aiui s, rs this-wor- k; 7 . wili-pr4e- -- ...:hit ri iH-- ';' tity of women to be trodden down. The tune will come when not only will the name of Joseph Smith be honored and revered aud putting into practice "this principle for their salvation, butalso the names of those noble women whoWere the, early advocates of it i.r.i aaiue it-lueir iiraumou3 i:: uuua love oi me. uu Amu world to adopt and put it into practice fur.-thsake of their race and for the rearing of a people for God, be had in honored remembrance, and they will be known throughout all time as benefactors of their kind. The time has come when the women of Zion should live near to their God and depend entirely upon Him for their strength and guidance. Satan is determined that they shall not live and act in favor of this work of the Almighty if he can prevent it, and he will try every plan to hinder them from assistingin rearing this people of God. It is the glorious privilege of every woman in Israel to have the guiuuuvv vi uvi aj.h. v tuij J. atULi UUU HIS Spirit to strengthen her at all times; with this sweet comforter she is able to pass through every earthly trial,and though she may be the urfiLwuuui u man, or a secona, or even tna tenth wife,if she knows that God not only sanctions her marriage'with that man,but has actually appointed or chosen him to be her husband, a prison, bed cannot seem hard, or the insolence of court3 make her falter, but ; she. will" be able to bear these persecutions bravely, because sne knows that God is her inend and that she is doing right. Mc. ' 1 -' e . AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF EMILY I). P. YOUNG. O EM, niht u -- A EX P wiiejiiiieyturaaueira bow before Thee and pray, may their sins never come up before Thy face, neither have place in the book of Thy remembrance, and may they depart from all their iniquities. ' Provide food for them as Thon doit fur. the raven; provide -cl- ething-fortheir they may 'dwell therein give unto them friends in abundance, and let their name3 be recorded in the Lamb's Book of Life eternally before face. Amen. Thy "Finally, brethren, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all until His coming and Kingdom. Amen. 'V " Joseph Smith, Jun." The following is" an extract from a letter written from ClayCo., Missouri, Dec. 15,1833 by Elder Phelps to. the Prophet: "The situation of the saints- as smttproA ;a . Continued. "I pray God in the name of Jesus that, ay be kept in the faith unto the end, let your sfjerings be what they may; it is better in the eyes ofhe Lord that youhould die than that you shoultlgive up the land of Zion, the inheritance whiclKyou have purchased with your monies; for evcrxm..:i that giveth not up his inheritance, though hhouId whenr the Lord shall come he shalhtand dieyetit.and upon with Job in his flesh he shall secGod. Therefore this is my counsel, that you retain your lands, even unto the uttermost, and seek re- uic oi ypur enemies, etc. And pray to G nauTroTZion that the rebellious might bo went away. But, brethren, if the Lord will, I should like to know jvdiatjho honest in heart shall do? ! ' law-give- 8 to return you in peace and safVty .ro the bads of your inheritance?:. And w he a ''the' judge fails'., you, appeal unto the 'executive; and when the executive failsyou appeal unto the President: and when the Pmi den is fails you, and all laws fail you, ami flH things else tail you but God, above, and you continue to. weary: Hioi i(,hyour importun- in gsCCttiSoT 'woman did the unjust judge. He will not fail to execute judgment upon your enemies and to avenge His own elect tint -- ii crv unto Him day and night. '''Behold, He will not fait-yoHe will come with ten thousand of His saints and all of His adversaries shall be destroyed with the breath of His lips ! All those who keep their inheritances, notwithstanding they should bo beaten and driven, shall ba likened unto the wise virgins who took oil in their lamps. - But all those who are unbelieving and fearful will be likened unto the foolish virgins who took7 no oil in their lamps: and when they shall "return and say unto the saints, give us of vour for lauds, behold, there will be no room found ' " " ." them. "Now liear the prayer of your unworthy brother in the new and everlasting covenant: O my God! Thou who hast calfed and chosena few, through Thy weak instruments, by commandment, and sent them to .Missouri, a place which Thou didst call Zion, and commanded Thy servants to consecrate it unto Thyself for refuge and safety for the gathering "aplacef 0 f Thy saints, t' be b uilt u p .; a h oly ci ty u n to -Thyself; and as Thou hast said that no other place should be appointed like unto this; therefore, I ask Thee, in the name of Jesus Christ", to return Thy people unto their houses and their inheritance, to enjoy the fruits of theiF" labors; that all the Waste places may be built up; that all the enemies of Thy people, who will not repent and turn unto Thee, be destroyed from off the face of the land; ami . let a house be built and established unto Thy name; and let all the losses that Thy people have sustained b2 rewarded unto them, even more than fourfold, 'that the bonier of Zion be enlarged forever, and let her be established no more to be thrown dowu; and let all Thy saints when they are scattered like sheep and are persecuted, flee unto Zion- - and be established in the midst of her, and let her be organized according to the laws, and let this prayer ever be recorded before Thy face. Give Thy Holy Spirit unto my brethren unto whom 1 write; send Thy angels to guard them, and t..x--e 'cX law-giver- Mi N - dubious and affords a gloomy prospect, ' No emoreea nor anvusual .iijj.i.wuri;Muue discipline kept. Among the wicked world.yea. mic iiiust wicaea part ot it, some commit one 'sin and some another, (I speak the rebelthere are saints that are as immovable lious; as the everlasting hills) and what can be done? We are in Clay, Ray, Lafayette, Jackson, Van Buren Counties, and cannot hear from each other oftener than we do from you. I know it was right. that we should bo driven out of the .Saill3 Uti (lull w t e Ul lis .'Wi.uv, UUJ( JL . UiiiLl - re: .we aro ,.i o' zti 1 that- - we .obtain an a wise ' I . .... .1 .0 O.. t. muy raise enouiru to eat: oucn is me common " language of the honest for they wan i doTi tlie will of God. shalLnot Jive again 1 "I am sensible. that-win Zion till God or the President rules out the r - -. r - mob. "The Governor is willing to restoro u', but as the Constitution gives nim no power to guard us when back,, we are not willing to go. . The mob swear if we come we shall die ! If from what, has been done iii -- Zion, -- we, or-t: most of us, have got to be persecuted from city to city, frofn synagogue to synagogue, we want to know it ! for there are among us some that would rather earn eternal life, on such condi tions than Jose, it; but :we hope for better things and shalTwait patiently for the word of the Lord.. Our people fare very well; and when they are discreet little or no persecution is 1 1 " . . . . e -- -- - -- --- . he ; . felt." On the lGth of Dec. ' . 1833, the Prophet . Joseph Smith received the following revelation g . concerning Zion: "Verily, I say unto you brethren who have been afflicted your . , , ll. I .1 uuu jttHcet;un-;u,t"i- . n..l n.t-- uui ui uie iuuu oi ineir the suffered the afflicinheritance, J, Lord,have tion to come upon them wherewith they have been a f H i cted , in conse men ce of thei r trans: gresaious; yet I will own them and they shall be mine in that day when I shall come to make up ray jewels. Therefore, they must need be chastened and tried, even as Abraham, who was commanded to offer up his only.son; lor all those who will not endure chastening.but deny me, cannot be sanctiued "Behold, I say unto you, there were jarrings and contentions, and envyings, and strife, and ... lustful and covetous desires among them; therefore by these things they polluted their inheritances. They were slow to hearken unto the voice of the Lord their God; therefore the Lord their God is slow to hearken unto their pravers to answer them in the day of their trouble". In the day of theirpeacejheyjiiteemed lightly my J counsel, but in thlTday of their trouble, of ne cessity, they feel after me. "Verily, I" say unto you, notwithstanding their sins my bowels are filled with compassion toward them. I will not utterly cast them off, and in the day of wrath I will remember raer- ncy I have sworn ana the decree hath gone forth bv a former commandment which I have given unto you, that I would let fall the sword of my. indignation in behalf my of people;, and even as I have said it shall come to pass. My indignation is sp measure upon a if "nations, andtni3 will I do when the cup of their iniquity is full. And in that day all who arc found upon the watch-toweor in other words, all my Israel, shall be saved. And they that have been scattered shall be gathered, and all they who have given Hheir lives for my sake shall be crowned. "Therefore let your hearts be comforted concerning Zion, for all flesh is in my hands;- be still, and know that I am God. Zion shall not be moved out of her place, notwithstanding her children are scattered, they shall return and come to their inheritance, they and theiV childr.-n, with sohs of everlastiug joy, the waste up places of Zion; and all these things that the Prophets might be ful- -- coa-cernin- . .1 , 1 t- . - -- r, - -- to-buil- d filled. - " "c--f aDd Mary Somerville lived to be ninety-two- , AstroCaroline Ilerschel to be ninety-eight- . nomical studies do not seem to impair the health of women. May Maria Mitchell live, o be aa old as her illustrious predecessors! " 