WOMAN'S EXPONENT. in which thezpEOJili arcnueS --g r e a MrTrtarrcCT" "might 'we7r"Tiave justified interested. She is wel! ;ge jted." in the article oh theregard.iuWaUxsubject; in'.the said number, 'tliat she would at thea3ies;:aty ington society indoors and out, and her lecture and fairly' in the matter, and L leest SIX p.m., Willi delicacies to satisfyan Epicurean,, isannot fail to'; UC of deep interest' for she knows should have thought, ali-j- "have warmly acknowl- and the tables were handsomely ornamented "vilv y now to manage her subjects. in arf'cfle'ctiv e and in ' terestintr manner. Mrs. Lockwood is as well Ilowers. 'VAfier supper the ladies ..indulged, in a edged the kindness shown to herself. ' Of course the passager in which she speaks oi. t little speech making in honor of the happy occas- - T'kriown, perhaps, as any lady of thejjresent'day in 'the keen, eye .of the Prophet' as. discerning his op the United Stages. - She has beerilcf some years ::Cion, and to be fore the public as a da w yc ran da leadi n g. worn an : admiration 4hey ' felt foiViVs'honored niotlier in portunities; in re!tvehce to the 'fertile '.spot,,. showed great ignorance of. what she is writing Israel. Sister Phebe Woodruff made the open- - suffragist, and was the first woman admitted (o practice before the bar of the Supreme Court of aboutas those who. read the leading paperjand ing speech, and was followed by Sifters H.T. the-U n i ted States. S h eLitlie-44edm2eitorHjf journals know that it is,an accepted fact 'that the King, Q. Horrocks, M.J. Home and S. M. Kimthe Xdtional.Equal Rights, a paper published in ball. Sisters Hyde then made af feuTelnarksln change fromji. mere- wilde rnjeps ..itu&afe rti43$pot;- T. h"In k tHs ; seeTHtinrfceTTSrrearthly response to- the; good :ieeJjngi:doOhis:tersr lot ts to was due the talent, energy, perseverdjual-Righ" iGwd"bY SJster jkkeiB. ''lfYyfTiepiny that nominated paradi-I?7 of and C. """"STsters B. WeUs, E. .Howard and Julia Mrs.. Lockwood as their candidate for President Brigham V'oung and his fol- industry of the United; States, during the last canvasing lowers, and as I have read the credit of.it was Howe; It. was a" pleasant and. happy gathering.of for Presidential election. pre," fully accorded to lhem, and that without-ancongenial friends and acquaintances.' Among the with of Miner.and several tence Laura their were has Lockwood views. assembled times Sisters before Mrs, religious sympathy spoken guests in am a straight-forwarcommittees of fairness and lover of dear and Sister conalso before married the Chase, Hyde, Congress, Emily daughters ventions of the National, Woman Suffrage Associa Sisters E. S. Taylor, R. M. Carrington, S. dealing." R. tion in the City of Washington,- against the 'bills A. Reese, Jlelen Mar Whitney, Lizzie Young, Adams from time to time .to deprive this people of R. Annie framed Rachel Ivins, Sister Grant,' x the rights and liberties to which all and several other dear friends and relatives. Sis- mea V A R I OUS OP IN 10 XS R EGA RD I NG O U R FUTURE STATE. ch in April, and women are entitled. Mrs. Lockwood is brave, ter Hyde was She frank and generous, and deserves all the praise 831, inKirtland, where her father resided. is one of the Johnson family, notable in the early Many diverse opinions have been entertained bestowed upon her. She is a very pleasing,agree-abl- e and nations as to if we-h- ad and interesting speaker. She is exceedingly by different religious-sect..history of the Church, and is also the widow of an existence' after we ceased to breathe, and the late Apostle Orson Hyde.- - Sifter Hyde has and abounds with interestsharp and ever been known for good works, her labors of ing facts and pithy paragraphs. Her logic is if so, what was the condition of the spirit after it had left the body? love, her sweet charity and wise counsel to the plain and conclusive, and she cares very little All professors of religion, at the present time, . daughters of Zion. May she live to see as many about popular ideas or opinions, but is quite origibelieve in an after life, but with the exception of a nal and independent in expressing her views. happy returns of the day as her heart desires. Her few, often ridiculous notions, are at a loss to deposterity already number over forty, among them . Those who attend her lecture will have a rare termine how the spirit is employed in its . eight great grandchildren. treat, for there are few, if any, women in the " .. The Lecture on Education given before the world who are better calculated to attract and an audience than Mrs: Lockwood. The The Spiritualists do not claim to be a religious Teacher s Institute in -- the Fourteenth Ward As-- , shehasan-ex-tensivis sect that is., they do not recognize any priesthood, hit ney on -- lady'jiome Jn Washington and sembly Rooms, by Bishop but all of their , teachings are unreasonable, when practice in her profession. She has been Friday evening, June 9th, was a. finished and polfirm and consistent advocate for the rights of compared with what we know of mind, and-th- e ished work of its kind. It isdecidedly the best lec' the of women conclusions we would naturally arrive at concern- Utah, and is fairly well acquainted ture on that subject given by any one of the young with our been associated conquestion, having ing the next world from the experience and knowlpeople born and reared in Utah. It contains with several the of from siderably people Utah,, edge we have of this. much food for thought, as well as excellent matewhen have in been the of The Essenees,the most strict of the Jewish sects, they City Washington. rial to put in practise in our every day life. The We trust the people here will show their appreciabelieved that souls were immortal, and when respeaker's enunciation was clear and distinct, tion of Mrs. Lockwood's efforts in their behalf leased from their bodies rejoiced, and mounted ' his voice well modulated, which adds much to the en out masse to hear her speak lat upwards, and that good souls had their home beinterest of the listener, and his . manner was withthe in theatre this on city, Monday, July 6th, at al well adapted to his subject, and pleasing to the yond the ocean, from which blew a gentle, west 8 in the evening. Tickets, 75, 50 and 25 cts. wind, where there 'was neither storms of rain or audience. He summed up a perfect education as Mrs will Lockwood in speak snow, nor intense heatvdYire7hyallotted to the T Ogden, Logan and a full and uniform development of the mental, on Provo, and bad souls a dark and tempestuous den, full of never ; Tuesday, Wednesday the physical, the moral and the spiritual capabiliThursday, July 7th, 8th and 9th. ; ties of the faculties and powers given toyman ceasing punishments' and woman. He pointed out, and illustrated The Greeks allotted the islands of the blessed to their brave men, whom they , called heroes, or clearly, the mistake made, the educating of the ITEMS FROM AN INTERESTING demi-godthe mind to and to the souls Of the wicked the re- - -neglect of the body, and made a LETTER. v quotation from Byron, which is beautifully adaptgion of the ungodly in Hades. ed to the illustration. He reasoned well and Josephus also informs us that the Pharisees beThe extracts published below are from a letter '" lieved that "under the earth there would be rethe eloquently upon strong point the infidels written a maiden who by resides the lady, upon claffn-t- o wards or punishments, accordingly as they had make that religion and science are in Isle of Wight, to her cousin, an English gentlelived virtuously or viciously in this life," and that' conflict, andbrought powerfml testimony to prove well known and respected among this 'one woman, the souls of good only were removed into other that scienct and. true religion could not be anand very highly respected by all who have' people, bodies, or would h;ive power to. revive and to live tagonistic. It is a very great pity that the lecture the pleasure of her acquaintance, in this city. was not given in. the theatre or some large buildagain in this world, and that the souls of bad men The lady is one of high social standing, and esare and well advertised beforehand, so that very ing, subject to "eternal punishment. in educational interests. Ed. interested pecially The Sadducees did not believe in the immortality many more might have had iheopportunity of of the soul. "I have not yet acknowledged : hearing him. It. has, however, beervjjublished three enclosures of papers one containing two in full in the Deseret News, and it should be read The Romans judged that "man, happy, who died of the Woman's "Expovrvt- - and i miOT,;, by all those interested in the education and culti- in battle, and believed, his spirit "was received by the little of the young. Although book all so containing and and the ether and joined to that company which are hearing' beautifully in firmly xlone up, that it seems.quite an art to show reading are very different effect, upon. the mind placed among the stars, and that they became such expertness. and character.- To hear a lecture delivered with good demons, and showed themselves to their "As to MissFaithful,i have already heard. of posterity afterwards." While to those who died the power, fore and earnestness of the speaker her in a way that somewhat surprised me, makes a far deeper and more lasting: impression though a natural death, though they lived good lives, of small import in compaTismi with matters of there came a subterranean upon most minds than to read it. Mr. Whitney's night to dissolve them lecture "would certainly bear reading carefully real moment ;J but in the absenceof any explanato nothing, and a deep oblivion to take away all tion of her conduct, as represented in the Novemafter hearing it delivered. : remembrance of them. , ber number of the Exponent, one is at a. loss to Socrates, an Athenian philosopher, who died understand the ungracious and ungrateful MRS. LOCKWOOD IS COMING. pattof 399 years B. C, believed in the immortality of the . receiving hospitality, kindnesses and courtesies soul, and that the dead were conducted by demons 'Mrs. Belva A. Lo.ckwood;is announced to lecfrom strangers, all the more to a phice where they we; e all judged; that the worthy of considerature in the Salt Lake Theatre, on Monday evening, tion on that very account, and then making so very wicked were hurled into Tartarus,from where July 6th. Her subject wjl be ''Political and Sobase a return! Bearing fully in mind that she they never departed; that others suffered accord- - . cial Life in Washington,'.' a most prolific subject might conscientiously differ On- some points of ing to their sins, and that the innocent inhabited mable ami venerable lady,. J ItJLirlhiiavviuj-.v.- . i Sti mfctyrt he 73th Df June. everTocuned- ao4-Of- ie - -- no-.ted- jn deal-honestly- -- . . , exrsennJOtrT d -- - ' Wasgra'ifd ; 'mXnllni'W jlSd t. e ,' y d - free-borr- ; baptized-intohtrfur- 1 - clear-sighte- -- d, , . .new-hom- e. ' - in-tere- JX.V st e . . . ' s, . , -- - - 