V OM 115 - -- ' evcl-he:ule- ,Rlt,ht t-- tjbcae w.urJ .r At4fljfcy req j es t QTeeirEith er2 If it be half or the kingdcin it shall ba granted ,. - kuw-uscd- Th; lifo d' a cadet u very on- - - No, Indtcd, don't wonder at you ad . miring it; wo all do; all the b y.. Wc have hard to keep up, ''gliDrious.'tun yoa"knov, M'e have to be very intelligent, but .. then we admire it, and that, of course, is ' I - ' ' .' ttH educatw-aal above local acue-.-- J inics. The presumption would probabl)--ho- ld ?iu-titution- 7! s sahf cliirplng,'ani both mother and daughter, :"were"'"eiilbr'acei.i world the manifested a degree ot tact and intelligence in if colleges, over, the witty and scath- the variations with which they wer.e paralyzed largely asbeingifubjeet-lf remark-othe crusty old gent above alluded su rprised wi t h csjtaciesoldlig t a t tho.. ing to. There is no duubtUuit m any-.l- ri ll ia u ""fraiikncssuf "1 hts'nen would : 1 u g peilk-b- y eventAi careers 'f&trZ ZJlli Xon ellioii and brajn heyBave'entered lair ly wild the active battle pursuit. of life volumes in behalf of what a college And this, Lam informed, is the topic of con-- : education will .do- for a young, icau if he has venation of every, or nearly every cadet; No but the, will and the judgment to seize the .. wonder young lieutenants are not noted for their ofFers a such course remarkable intellects and great conversational him, and the good to resist the temptations .soTclosely aspowers. No wonder that mere association with sociated with the good, that it often requires, one of them is sufficient forever to pulverize, the best balanced head to decide where thcone the heart and tender fancies of a blushing terminates and the other begins; for one maiden. Yet the young fellows are not all to. ' ' vblamtrr ThesemtchmakinT'mothr'trot' thorough iy educated - man- a college turns out, them all boirt after the body soldiers, deifying them, averaging through, there are a dozen numbskulls ground through, and full as many forcing ..upo.uJ.he.ni a choi.amongjmyumbeii of priceless irls just budding into tenderestand young men unsettled and unfitted for life by ot lack discipline, and by the acquisition of yice3 sweetest womanhood, whose angel faj3 betray unconscious innocence; until the young "men which, not only corrupt andjteTUie But whicli totally undeimine that true.and get the notion that there exists nothing in flesh love for moral instincts, without which and blood, made up in the divine form of abiding it is absolutely impossible to lead a correct woman, that is not a condescension for them to I.'1 aTepWwTtli favor.- Th is is th e unparalleled In addition to these, though bad enough, essence of vanity, or if it exists anywhere in less a more powerful degree than in West Point, .' than is' the other evils; though penicious tendency of many institutions to the developprevent me, heaven, from ever coming in conment of effeminate tastes, desires and trainl of tact with it. If the dignity and the enduring as of the American army has to depend the credit and against thought vigorous, manly noble instincts which alone fit man for life in upon such specimens of humanity, then save us, i3 where world domia man heaven, for we are lost." strong, hastyand There are many and notable exceptions to neering. This latter tendency is greatly true West of -- what is said, fine, Point, paradoxical though it may strapping young men that where the course and the one cannot help admiring, seem, counteninstruction, if not calculated to inculcate moral ideas, beyond ances show a powerto resist evil and to look what is considered the honor of soldiers, is cerforward to a more glorious future than is withas free a from to in the mental, ken of the wildest "army mashtainly tendency effeminacy as possible. er;" but compared with the whole, there are few; A hop was given one-- evening when I was and, judging from what I have seen and heard,, that The if a community should be forced into a posi-tip- n visiting cadet, or those lovely spot. who were to graduate that coming season, were , requiring prayer to be delivered from this in the greatest demand. It disgusted me to the specimen of "army officer- ,- or the "army soul to observe the number of sweet-facelovworm " for one I should pray that the "worm be allowed to remain. ing and lovable, fair formed, tender looking and true girls who would hang upon the arm, r Wandering Boy. look anxiously in the face of, and listen to the interminable twaddle of any number of puny, R S.5 Y. L. M. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS. insignificant little whipper snappers, because they happened to bo cadets. They could talk WEBER STAKE. of nothing and about nothing but themselves; the air, the tone, the gesturre,dmplied plainer Thursday morning, Dec II, 1884, the Re than all words could possibly express: "To lief Society conference convened in the Ogdert Linagm,anythingmer 'rbtrnacIeTornwTd"a3s meetingTIrsT Jane cadet, or to think it possible there should be Richards presiding. There werepresent severanything superior to me, is the measure of abal Bishops, and Coun. Middieton of the PresiJ surdity." And I began to think so too, when I dency of that'Stake. eaw how universally these same fair girls seemed After singing "Come all ye sons of Zion," etc., to accept the tacit proposition as one of heaven's prayer was offered by Elder A. Smurthwaite.r own truths, and noticed to what extent the singing, "Let us pray, gladly pray," minutes' matrons and dames having them in charge gave of previous conference were read by Miss Newey. whatever force they could to maintain Prest. J. S. Richards was the first speaker; she sentiment, by smirking, bowing, simper- - -referred to the Stake organization of the Reing over, and manifesting deference to a horde lief Society in Weber Countya3jDne of thekids they should have last works performed by the late Brigham soundly putiished and sent to bed. One young ,ellow, said to be unYoung, and said they had been blessed in all usually bright and to tand well in his class, their labors since that time; spoke of her own addressed himself twice in my hearing; firstrto feelingsln attempting to perform what Prest. a lovely looking girl, and then to a simpering Young had instructed her to do, and that she dame, the mother of the girl, in the following felt it was her duty to do all that he had placed . vein: upon her to the best of her ability, and that "Oh, yes, I stand well in my class. Yes, strength and courage had been given her. from -.some of the boys" (meaning them) "cannot be time to time to carry out his wishes. She at the hop as they are laid un in tho praised the sisters for the noble part they had hosjntal. They were hurt in the riding school. taken in comincr to her aid, and spoke of the Haven't you heard of our class? Oh, ours is union, which had been: so gratifying, and the going to be a famous cavalry class! why we are of the Bishops and brethren already distinguished; dear, yes. That branch g jod work the sisters had undertaken. JS-'an- en ; and-usef- -- 1 QXojiit-jQredita- efining ble on -- . Con- ns j and-who- the Washington Convention, it 'a pro-- p te' to hold a meeting 5n New 0:Jean?, January JS and .7 . 7hh h the first time that the Na. ticn&l Society has convened in a Gulf C.t ; the mfe'.ing will therefore be prcaliarly Important a kdWJjB-b- c pa Ur t h c)pti&iixmtrwctn In that eeclioD, we must depend upon ihe generous contribution of m mbcra of tho Aaeociatiou for the pf cuniary means etc vagary to the execut'en of tho phn. All membtia end frier.da sre thereforo req iested to send to TJiirTrewsri&TuT fr.thii purpojo at tee eariust date pssibl?, that the (ill jtn may ku ow the amcun t they ait warnnted in expend Now tho O Jeans tegvpin meeting. Home of the noted speaker j will a idreas the Con. ' venti. n. Elizabeth Cady Stanton-- , Prea'dent, Eusan Iit Anthony, Vice Prest at Large, Chairman Ex. Com, i: LI AYAVaiGHTf N. B Dues anJ o )iitrJbaliorn should be een t -- nt on ce tor tho urerrlManeir: Bpof!ord7 Ltttcra to be rf ad at the Cenventien, and of efficers who ctnnot be present, must be n t a? early as' Jamary J 5th"to "MliFa SuVan B. tddi033. It'ggs House, Anthony, at the ItEBvJes ?e d sac-cesaf- ul -- mt the-pre-Lyaili- ng - re-pcr- la e - ' . . COLLEGE EV1L3. . to-nig- y- "Yes, colleges are good things; and there is much common sense about them, as there, sbrmhl be. Young men, when they go to college, take in-ever- J . " v Con-etltutio- WRshiegten, D. C. colleges ii brtoutj iviable. ) , . 6a-x- ' rapidly"Increasinf'. y . Aso-oi&tic- Dic-U98ioD8- lut very Ihovoru lr inits avountr.nit'u. embraces that scijsd. bt;eSWffi aordc "servToTF-thcrcavatr- - v)d con tie Juan, alter iStenin'If tii it. i - ,. n the National Wom&n 8; HVfigs willbeheldin LIdcoIu Hj P, Washington, D. C, Jan u try 20,21 and 22, lSio. Public will be held at 2 and 7 30 p.m. en each of tbeee day; and executive Eessiorp, open only to officers and membira of the Association, will be bdi daily at lf :30 a.m. The afternoon meetings wU m dteyolcd to Blulc and Comtalttea ttepottp, to Letters auJ Theevenng tesBions will be oi cupied with formal addreefe. The principal rbject of thi Aficc:ation from its organ'zition ..haa bten to secure to the women of the several States and Territories natkn protection in the cWzm'e light to vote, through a sixteenth Amendment to the National r. ees-filo- ; '.- ; j CONVENTION. of. ' deter--miriati- suffering of .their torrowlrg, irjartd famiUcF; it h worse than death. The crie of those inno-e;- nt wpaaeh a' d chilJien will ascejid up to God :againf4 thoe wh have violated the Con?Ututioii au 1 brought thie sorrow and depir upon the innocent. ; Willmiktji East. vention eajo wuiti ttu,-- a aa.au'vix'uvo- . " Tce KevenTeen'th Annual Washington tie- - ivtH iittnt. ' thtfc.,, Her n quest was to save her pcoj: la and lmjg Haman instead of Mordecai. Now, let all the daughters of Z;oo do likewitt: ..remember these brethren who artjn prison, and their famillef ; prooiiim their innoeeLCe, and call upon engels to ear record on earth and in hoiven of their unjust imprisonment and the WOMAN' i 1 it "there;' thev; Wiw" if'tiicrc."'. Sr.; !i v.? tho rtiu.ir!; of a or , G:d Hi to, If lei tLtvSuprtiiirJeT" li h tte G Jd cf thff- sne'eii t s.Ie, Paul mi couH breik "dowi iheip.kw& sr'rdk. ; He is tie Gi of Ethef, tLVqer, wh?; wfieur si! her tnb wa to ba slain, eallei s fast of a tbre day V fatiug and pr&yevaithough SViV death, by.tLe law, to appear in the inter cocrt of the kingdom without permission, f he faid, at the clcs3 of the fist, "If I die I die' u J went an J scod 5a the Inner court of the king; acd Go J mcvid npna the Jit art cf the king ju-v- it EXPONENT. A N 'S 