The Bights of tho Women of Zion, and Vol. 13 MM m of IK Wcmenf :atf!ls ationa. i SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL 15, 1685. ADIEU FOR A SKASON. AUTOBIOGRAPHY Ko. 22. than he who lava BY M. J, ren. TA.NNEU, OP EMILY T). p. YOUNG. UtLua.L-uiaiu.- Continued. And a" voice lingers oft in my dreams, Tis the voice of affection, and lovo. And 60 sweet is the echo, it seems , That my heart ia quite Willing to rovo . T" Ar the dove that set forth from the ark, to May I ever With the try,'---".-- ..-v '.".. return to my bark olive-lea- f waving on high. " dwelt in these valleys so green, And my feet on the mountains have trud; On the heights and tho depths I have seen The impress of nature and God. ' I have : - - The storm king has raged fierce anfr wild. And the torrents have foamed in their wrath; Bat tbcenn on the morrow has smiled And shone on the desolate path. And His thus with the passions of man; They may rage for awhile fierce and free, But his spirit will long for a calm, "Though the track of tho tempest we see. -- them nothing. ? Although the Saints, or mo&t6f them, had left Jackson County, persecution did cot entirely cease. Joseph, with Zion's camp, was now on his way to Mlwouri. "Monday, Juno 16th, 18:)l. The citizens of Clay County, to the numberof eight hundred or a thousarid,among whom were the brethren7 assembled at the Court House in Liberty "agreeably to the request of Judge Ryland,and deputation from Jackson, who presented the And the strength of his might will go forth, And tho sound of his voice will bo heard, And bis genius will cover tho earth, Nor shrink at tho might of his word. But oh! there's a power on high, Omnipotent, steadfast and true; The strength of his will to defy, And the might of his hand to undo. I will " following: trustthat Omnipotent power, Which doeth all things wise and well; lie will guard o'er my steps every hour,x And hold my frail life with His spelf. .5 I will go from the rock and the glen , That shadowed the homo of my youth, Where the home o f jay childhood JusJeen, -- In theshelter of honor and truth. And while in tho world J. wonld roam, jM&o a LirdT that has flown from her uicfet, My heart lingers still with my home, "" And I carry its love in ray breast; . For I know that wherever I go, And whatever my calling may be, I know that a voicu, soft and low, ' Will ever be whispering to me. '. : :" And the sound of its echo will last When tho voice that I list for has fled. When the heart in its silence has passed Through the shadows that close o'eithe dead. Then let me go forth If I will, With my feet amid strangers to stray, My heart will return to you still, To the friends that I love, far away. . And then when my steps shall return, These green, sunny valleys to view, My heart with emotion will burn, And my spirit will ever be true. . . - tux; COCKing ui 1 piSLOlS . . 1 - . For lo, there's a voice from the cast, Where the gio of the b tin rise Is "seen , And it reaches these valleys of peice Where the myrtle and ivy are green. - .1 -- Lro. Joseph and :the brethren in Kirtland were making efforts to raise volunteers to go up to Zion to assist "the Church in the west, lhey traveled through different branches of the Church, and stopped at Bro. Nickerson's. Joseph says: "We called the Church together and related unto them "what had happened to" ourvbrethren in Zion, and opened to them the prophecies and revelations concerning the order of the gathering to Zion, and the means of her redemption; and , I prophecied and the Spirit of the Lord came mightily upon them, and with all readiness the young and middle aged volunteered for Zion.' Tie great burden that seemed to rest upon Brother Joseph at this time was the welfare and deliverance of Zion. His prayers were offered up to his God continually in behalf of her children, who were afflicted, and wandering as outcasts from their homes in this boasted land of freedom. While the brethren in Kirtland were trying to raise a company to go to Missouri to deliver Zion, the Saints in Zion were writing and receiving communications from the governor and; other officers of the State to obtain redress for grievances; but, as the sequeI"shows, itja vailed ti f fur Ilia Kritli ' ia and jingle of the implements of death, denoted One motioned "adiourn!"an6ther desperation. t r. . i1 t ' it .' . gu uu: aim ia me miusi oi tnis awmi crisis a bawled into the door," A man stabbed." pers-The mass instantly rushed out to the spot, in - I Lave longed from raj nest to o forth, 1 From my perch in these mountain tons fr To .travel new paths of tho earth The grandeur and beauty to sec. down-K- ' - : Mormon hopes, as some said, that one dhad got killed; but as good luck would have it, only ono Misourian had dirked another. (One Calbert, a blacksmith, had "Stabbed one Wales, W'llO had nreviOUslv wllitmd mif Mnrmnn nearly to death, and boasted of whipping many more.) The wound was .dangerous, and as if 4 -- I T .ri iA iroj, break up the meet)CcurrenecrwasneSslir without further bloodshed, and gave the. ing SnintA .a fiirt.lipr r'hanpA tn Vnncnlf ulio f be most advisable in such a critical instant,and' they immediately penned the foil o win 2 answer to the pro)ositiou,s from Jackson' County, pre' sented by Owens, etc." ; "Gentlemen: Your proposition for an adjustment of 'the difficulties between the citizens of Jackson County and the Mormons, i3 be-- . lore us, and as explained to you m the AJourt House this day,we are hot authorized to sav to" you thaojirjirethren- - wil submit to your proposals; but we agree io spread general notice, and call a meeting of our people in. all, tho iprcaani-week,-anlay belore you an answer a3 soon as Saturday or IIouday next. We can-safor oursel ves, and in behalf of our breth-r.ethat peace is what we desire, and what we are disposed to cultivate with all mcu; aul to effect peace we feci disposed to use all our as far' .1.5 would be required at our hands, as free born citizens of these United that hiatr?; and asiearsjjavo.- - heen expre-srhostilities the inliabitants vedesigned against of. Jackson County, wo hereby pledge ourselves to them, and to the hospilable citizens of .Clay , County, that we will not, and neither as a people, to commonce hos tilities against the aforsaid citizens of Jackson County, or any other people." It may be be thought, at first view, that tho mob committee made a fair proposition to tho Saints in offering to buy theiriauds at one. hundred ner. cent, in thirtyi davs. and offeringn i ' -- tht'irrorrthBaffielernis; But wnen it is understood that tho mob held possession of a much larger quantity- - of land thanthe Saints, and that they only offered thirty days for the pav- ment, having previously robbed them of nearly seen that they everything, it sham to cover their previvere only making a ous unlawful conduct; but the tempest of an immediate conflict seemed to bo checked, and the Jackson mob,to the number of about fifteen, with Samuel, C. Owens and James Campbell at their head, started for Jndepeiidance, .fackKon mucu iuu V"U5C'U mmy vouiuy, 10 rmsv aninto before I could get Clay County. Campbell his pistols in hi3 holsters, swore, as he adjusted ''The' eagles and turkey buzzards shall cat my flesh if I do not fix J oe Smith and his army so that thefr skins will not hold shucks, before two days are passed." They went to the ferry and undertook to cross the Missouri River, after dusk,"afW the angel of God saw fit to sink the boat, about the middle of tho , river, and seven wit of .twelve that attempted to cross, were drowned, Thus suddenly and 1 d y n, in-ilne- d have-designed- , "Propositions of the people of Jackson County to the Mormons. The undersigned committee, being fully authorized by the people of Jackson County, hereby propose to the Mormons that they, will buy all the land that the said Mdrinons own in. the County of Jackson, and also all the impomenjajfviiich the said Mor "monrh"ad"oSauy of the public land3 in said County of Jackson, as, they existed before the first disturbance between the people of Jackson and the Mormons, and for such as they have made. since. (Read in Joseph Smith s History.) On presentation" of the foreLroiri2 Samuel C. Owens made a flaming war speech, and Gen. Doniphan .replied on tho side of peace; "Tho Rev M, Riley, a Baj)tist Priest, made a hot s)ccch against the Mormons, and said, "The Mormons have lived long enough in Clay Co., and tney must either clear out or be cleared out." Turnhara, the moderater of the meet-- 1 Jng, answered in a masterly manner, saying, "Let us be Republicans; let us honor our coun - try and not disgrace it like Jackson County. For God's sako don't disfranchise or drive citizens away the Mormons. They are better ' than many of the old inhabitants." Gen. Doniphan exclaimed, "That's a fact; and as the Mormons have armed themselves, if they don't fight they are cowards. I love to hear that they have brethren coming to theiV man show assistance". Greater;" love can , - 1. wilL-bereadi!- y Campbell was" among the missing. He floated 