WOMAN'S EX P ONENT rs . "T??Tm' ; - r. of-the- YOUNG. Elders Phelps, Gilbert arid Mc Lelliu went to Clay Co. and made affidavit .similar to the foregjlng sketch and forwarded the same to the Governor by express; and the ; Governor Irnmediately upon the - reception be held thereof ordered a in Clay Co. for the purpose of investigating the whole affair, and meting out justice to all: but alas! corruption, wickedness and power have left the wretches un whipped of justice, and innocence mourns in tears un wiped. 'Thursday, Nov. 7th. The shores began to , be lined on both sides of the ferry with men, .women and children, goods, wagons, boxes, cheats, provisions, etc.,; while the ferrymen w ere busily employed crossing them over. And I r J i x. X yto yhen nightagaiunclosedrw - ,theamL, wilderness had much the appearance of a camp meeting. Hundreds of people were seen in every direction, some in tents, and some in the open air around their iires wbilexlhe rain de X scended in torrents. Husbands" were inquiring for their wives and women for their husbands, "pjreiiTrTior childrerfand""chlldren for parents. Some had. the good fortune 'to'wcapejjnth wajr kuLI reioicim?.with lipnrts their homes Being persecuted and cast out from for the sake of their religion, aud knowing, it to be one of the signs of the. last days spoken of by line Prophets;""and comfort IheiFhearte and" strengthen their faith in the Gospel, notwithstanding they were in deep affliction. Although I wa3 but a child the scene with de- at the time, I looked-uponin splen-- ""light" The heavens seemed wrapped s beautiful "did fireworks. The appearance rpi... -- I - - ,: w-a- and grand beyond description. I think it was several, weeks that. we were weacamped on the bank of the river. The ther began to be quite cold too cold to remain in tents Jwithanydegree-oLcomfort.---Th- o Saints found homes as best they could, searchold shaning out aud making habitable all the ties and hovels that could be found, endeavoring to keep as near together as possible. Father aral Elder John- Corrill procured an old log cabia.that had .been used- - for a .stable and --- cleaned it up - as -- best they- - could- and moved their families in. There was one large roora, and a lcanto, bu t that was not of much use, as the floor was nearly all torn up, and the rats and rattlesnakes were too thick for comfort. There was a large fireplace, in the one habitable room, and blankets were hung up a few feet back from the fire and the two families, fifteen or sixtceiijnjik "side oflhoseblanket3 to keep from freezing, for the weather was extremely cold, so cold that the in It would freeze in the pen as father co.t writing oloaa to tka fire T" Elder CorrillV family took one side of the fireplace and we took the other.: Our beds were in the back part of the room, which was cold enough for the polar regions. the Saints procured a X The small cabin in a paupau grove for a school and one of our Mormon girls Nras installed as teacher. And notwithstanding our deplorable circumstances I spent many happy hours with the school children in that beautiful grove at hours of intermission, swinging on the long wild v grapevine that hung from the tall trees," or tearing down some of the long aud slender with. We built houses ones to j of the branches of the paupau tree, the wood being very brittle we had no difficulty in breaking as many as we wanted. The fruit of the paupau is about as long as thekbanana, and about four or. five times as large arounditta -smooth skin. The inside, when low, thick, creamy pulp, with large Hat .seeds, and to the taste is very sweet; but oh ! such a sweet lone taste will generally suffice, nobody wants to taste it twice. Some of the old citizens of Clay Co. sent their children to our school and of course were belter dressed than the Mormon children,-whi- ch caused them to sometimes sneer and make fun of our shabby clothes, but generally we got along very well. The Saints were very poor, and I sometimes wonder how they pro vided for their families - the necessaries of life. v: My father being Bishop made the times much' 1 harder fir him, for he not only had his family to provide for, but he had the poor to look after, and provide for their comfort also. I sometimes think in these days know but little what the office of Bishop was in the early days of the Church in the days of its poverty and inexperience. Sometimes the poor would grumble and complain because there was not more for them. To raise money in those days was almost like ' wringing water out of a dry sponge. , was indescribable, and would have melted the heart of any people', upon earth, except , the blind oppressor and ignorant bigot. Next day the company increased, audheyvere-xhiefly-engagc- U in felling small cotton whoqd trees and erecting temporary .cabins, so that when night cam?-othey had the appearance of a vi 11 ace of wigwam3,and the night being clear theoccu-pant- s began to enjoy some degree of comfort. "Lieut. Gov. Boggs presented a curious external appearance,, yet he wa3 evidently the head and front of the mob; for, as may easily be seen by what follows, no important move was made without his sanction. He certainly was the secret spring jot the 20th and 23rd of July, and, as will appear in the sequel, by his authority the mob was moulded into militia to j'Jiect by. stratagem what he. kiuw as well a3 hii hciiiih host, could not be done by legal force. As Lieut.Gov. he .had only to wink and the mob went from m al treatment to mur-do- r. The horrid calculations of this second NVro wore often developed in a way that could not b? mistaken. "Early in the morning of the 5th, say at one o'clock a.m., he came to l'iielps, Gilbert and Partridge and told them to ilee for their lives. Kow, unles3 he had. given the order so to do no one' would have attempted to murder after the Church had agreed . to go away. His conscience vacillated on its rocky moorings and gave the .secret alarm to those men. The . Saints who lied took refuge in the neighboring counties, mostly in Clay Co., which received them with, some degree of kindness.- - Those whofied to the county of Van Buren were again driven and compelled to flee, and those wholled toTLaiayette Co. were soon expelled, or the most of them, and had to move wherever they could find protecti n." It was iii Nov., 1833, that ray father moved' his family into Clay Co. We crossed the Missouri jiver at a ferry i:ot far from Liberty landing. Most of father's provisions were left in his cellar, not beiug able to move it on such abort notice. And thus two years of my childhood were spent in Jackson Co., Missouri. The brethren cut down small trees and laid them up cob fashion, and wHen they were five or six feet high they stretched a tent over the top for a roof. And such Tfas rny home on the bank n ; next-summe- r : 'i ump-the-rop- -- -ri- tfiat,'-Bishop- . 3 pe,-isiryel-T .. li articles appeareuj iniue iuusucijaucuua .ucimrL-men- t of the "Boston Cultivator,'' to which she contributed for several years. She began school -de- teaching at the age of fifteen and met with cided success in that vocation. In" 1848 she was compelled to relinquish : teach :ng on ac- count of ill health. When the War of the Rebellion broko out she was in the west lecturing; and she became enthusiastic with the patriotic spirit, and gave ; her services in raising soldiers and societies under the patronage of Gov. Salmon of Wis: A : -- - their faTninousehoId gwdralut some provisions, whileother knew not the fate of their friends and had lost all their goods. The scene .. 3. of Ellen Gibson wa9 born in Winch endon, May 8, 1821. When five years of age her parents moved to lUaee. She possessed an active. nervous temperament; learned readil y and was :at the head ot her class, ner nrst puousueu : aroused from sJuiim ;io beautiful and ::gH'niigtf;llie;Talling stars. ,rA - OiTth'e' 5th : A GIRL KlJTHOR. ' foir o'clock in the mormn Continued. court-of-iuquir- " Missouri river, in the month, of Nov., 1833. ;A was then in my tenth year. On the 13th of Nov., between three and AUTOBIOGRAPHY .OF EillLY d. . consin. ; During the first N. W. Sanitary Fair held in Chicago she sold thirteen hundred copies of a little book she wrote, entitled "The Soldiers'-Gift.'or'ThDangers and Temptationsof Army Life; giving the proceeds to the.lair." Iu 18G4 the was recommended "as chaplaiu by Governor Jiewis and General Fairfield of Wisconsin, and jsijrued to the First Wis. Vol. Artillery, Pres- dent Lincoln gave her his tetimonia!;.LUt3 of the. First lady would be appointed chaplain Wis. Heavy Artillery, only sh is a woman. The President has not legally any thing to do ivith such a question, but has no objection to her appointment. A. Lincoln." Dated Arov. e 10, m'y. She finally served without bing mustered in. She was known during the war as Ellen irTBarre, Ma'8. 'IIrIIttoiruownfiSiac3Historical GeneaFrom the New England logical (Society) Register. Vol. XXXVII, p. 392. . MISCELLANEOUS. England had only 1,311 hours of bright sun- shine last year. , A Berlin doctor has been fined for not keeping himself posted on modern methods of prac. tice. There are 317 women in England who live by blacksmithing and actually swing heavy hammers. XA sociable man is one who, when he has ten minutes to spare, goes and bothers somebody that hasn't. The snowfall on the Italian Alps is the heaviest within the memory of man. It is calculated that 3H0 lives have been lost through ' X the fetorm. Mrt. Ncwgold (in picture grllery This, Aunt Eunice, is a real old master. Aunt EuniceWell, I shouldn't care if it was; it's just as good as some of thenew ones. Unprejudiced "Does an v man wound thee? Not only for give, but work into thy thought intelligence of the kind ot-pa- that thou mayest neveirm m, flict it on another spirit. Margaret Fullerr X, ' V The Magazine of Art for. February is superb in illustration as in letter press. XThe frontisin colors of Downman's piece is a fac-simil- e portrait of Lady Maria Waldergrave, with her piquant beauty"; the views of Artists' Homes shows a prosperous agein art; some fine portraits are given in Editor Henley's paper, "la Character." The tinted page of PoetryJd "The picture this month is called "In Arcady." Marvelous Madonna," "A Round in France, a portrait of he eminent artist Elihu Vedder, with reproductions from his drawings, are ambng the brilliant features of the magazine. , -- 