77 '77-... rnr : r rT n t li-.- ii 1 pi I ". 77d: Ti- V - if:. ' 'lFoic;t of 'Awtt and the Rights of the Women of all Xations. -- ti ie iu g i itkou s all 'well." , is contempt and scorn ofassociates whom they, loved, tho hatred and malice of the Avickcd atI established who thirsted for their hlood; the bitter perseobedience to IhefGospel Ha: might ): tain to life eternal, Thou art my trust. cutions and insults to which they were subthe restored and Thou who hast sent forth Thine angel jected were trials so severe that they must have with and its in of fulness the ordinances, lived very close to tho Lord, called upon Him powers Gospel in the depths of humility, and He heard Apostles, Prophets, Pasters and" EvangelistSas at the which committed the hast Jesus keys 7"beginniiTg;Tand again Jle knew their integrity and He conferred oh Peter, servants, Thou art the God sustained and strengthened therti, and enabled ' I worship. ; whom .."',,.. many of them to come to these peaceful valThou who hast sent forth Thy servants clothed .with leys, where they have not been Iried in the "authority to gather 'the- honest of heart to theTarid which" same war. I felt that evening, and do how Thou hast appointed gathering :of the last days, and' say, God bles3 every 0110 who remained true of Thy Kingdom, Thou wilt accomplish the and be merciful to the through .those-trialsThy purposes. weak who fell by the way." I wondered what, In Thine own' wisdom,, and with outstretched hmd, I would have done, how 1 would. have acted, Thou hast brought' thy people to these mountain vales; Would I have kept had I been living then. and here Thou hast inspired the hearts and nerved the the faith and been true? I said in my heart, hands of thy sons and daughters, and' through thy .bles- 0 God give me strength and courage to do sing on their labors the sterile and forbidding- desert is whatever I am clcato pass through, that 1 the barren wilderness is blosso- yielding in its strength,-anmay be worthy to Le numbered with those ming as the rose noble men and women who laid the foundaDriven from the land that gave us birth, to the western tion of this w:ork. I feel very thankful that wilds, for an aslumxjf peace and religious liberty, which Lord the for a season we enjoyed unmolested; "the accusers of the. brought my parents here, and that I had the privilege of being born in Zion, and hounds, scented our track brethren," like f o'er the pathless desert, and sought out our retreat..' of being taught the principles of the Gospel in W ith .wanton eyes and greedy .hearts they lusted for the I feel thankful that I believed my youth. --'fruits of "t3utiimTrrrrg:ifF them and endeavored to practice them while possession of the of I wa3 young, for by so doing I have been dustrv, and wtth measures connocted'in the ! th: righteous No; 8. Thou who didst so love the world as to give Thine Only Begotten to suffer and die, to open the way that all who bhall be well with them, for "Say they shall reap the fruits of their doings." IsAIAII. ye to tJT.VH, SEPTEMBER .15, 1885. :LAKlf CITY, rSALT Vol. Mr "say to. . it. : J . "Say to.the righteous, All is well," Eternal justice doth not sleep; Say to the hosts of Israel "The H,t!y One" II s word wit"kcep..' .. their-pleadings- .. l; unto-Th- "' .. :.. ' What if Oppression's waves ruii high? V. hat if the devil is not bound'? Shall you or.PTho Faith" deny, And' traitors unto heaven be found ' - -- for-th- e ' - ' Lq! he is great, vyhaie'er his state, !io clings to tfuth though irajnpled down, Despite the ban of mortal man An honest soul is Nature's crown. . v ' D.-rty- ? . - ''Aha! aba!" these scorners boabt, "God tarries in His hiding-place.Thev challenge thus the Lord of Hosts; And fiiu-- the gauntlet in His face. """S " " blood-thirs,t- y far-of- . '" ' Foolsl fools! i ndced , y e read : Their thoughts who trust in heaven for aid, thwir need, And. thus And hope to see the just dismayed. ea-nrv- Bonds and imprisonment and death The limit this of Satan's spleen; And what is life? a passing breath, The portal of a brighter scene. Through tribulation's stormy seas The noblest spirits enter heaven; The martyr'd ones to these, to these Shall starriest crowns and thrones be given. whatsoe'er we do, "To run the race" unmoved by fear, To keep the promised prize in view, To sense, to see, "the goal" is near. Our children, may they proudly claim If nothing else they own on earth A spotless name, devoid of sh ime, A noble heritage of worth. Thou hast suffered, that the wicked A FEW REFLECTIONS. While looking scenes portrayed tn th e panorama the other evening, I could n 6t help contrasting the 'different circumstances and surroundings of the Latter-daSaints compared with those of the earlier days of the Church. The paintings seemed so real, at-th- 7-W- ho e y to-da- v-- y that it seemed to me that I was passing through those scenes and could the feelings they had while passing so -- - life-like- , un-(leita- ''Say to the righteous, All is well," The darkest hour pivee-leto the of hosts Israel: Say "The Kingdom" shall be yours for aye. y; - Emily H.'Ivoodmansee. . . rand-hav- greatly-blessed ' may fill their cup, and that the Scriptures may be fulfilled. We know. that persecution is a portion of the legacy which the Messiah left to those who would follow Him. , Therefore we will acknowledge thy hand, and without fear or faltering, firmly maintain our integrity. Though the rod of oppression is laid heavily upon us, and every avenue for escape should seem closed against us, with no hand but Thine to deliver, Thou, O God, wilt in Thine own time and way. bring deliverance. Though the' dark billows of persecuton swell high-o'e- r us, and threaten to swallow us up, we know assuredly that when they shall have - accomplished thy purpose, Thou wilt say to the proud, upheaving waves, "Thus far shalt . thou go, and no farther." Though the wicked rise up in wrath against thine an- nointed, and in bold defiance threaten to destroy thy Priesthood from the earth as in a former period, Thou, Lord, wilt provide a shield, and although it should be, as it were in the last extremity, Thou hast eistablished it upon e last time, and irwiitriever"beTeTrroved. the earth-fort- h " Zion shall be redeemed judgment, and her converts with righteousness." E. R. S. S. ' ' Logan, August, 18S5, t V Though earth and hell their powers ally Yea, though they seemingly prevail Against the Saints of God Most' High Jehovah's purpose will not' fail. Salt Lake City. plant us. e gainedruknowIedge I know that God that 1 know they arc true. hears and answers prayers. I know there is to-s- up- -d-eeeitv-sttpported ' God wills to prove His own elect, To cleanse "the wheat" from ev'ry tare; "The little fl ock" II e'll still protect, cast upon Him all their care. tUe-da- pest-hou- se n-it- 'Tis certain that on history's page Integrity to truth shall shine, And doubtless 'tis, man's puny rage Shall praise Omnipotence divine. - d no happiness, no pleasure or satisfaction in doing wrong, but .there is true happiness in There is a spirit of peace and doing right. contentment in the" heart of those who live lives, that cannot be pure tained any other way. and-virtuou- ob- s Mattie. Nephi. - :: SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. - . Lord! help us, . hard-earne- All this, O' Lord, Stand by the truth, ye Saints oppressed, Ye 'outcasts"" for the Gospel's sake; Gird up your loins, endure the test, Nor for cne moment fear or quake. i " - And what is man, and'who is he." th ougl its contril? Who wo uL Who laughs to scorn tile And fain would crush th' immortal soul? - - - PSALM. Thou who didst command Abraham to leave his native land, and to separate himself from Ids father's house, Thou art y God. ' , tin- ugh those nd dreadful days. They imist have been men and women possessed of heroic courage and' powers of endurance, with mighty faith in God; yes, more than that, they must have known for a ce rtaintyltjiat God lived, tuat this was H13 bhurch, and that those who keep the faith and endure to the end will en-- , joy eternal blessings, or else they never could have endured so patiently the hardships and awful sufferings that they experienced, the - BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. ' ". ( Continued, On the 5th we had the first rain' of the seasonsaccompanied, by thunder and .lightning. It cleared off fair in the afternoon, when some of father's wagons were started out, going three miles as far as his stacks. President Y?ung had sent his camp three or four miles ahead. That evening another meeting was held at Sister Sarah Ann's room, for those of the two families that were not there the evening before. Conference was held, on the 6th, at the stand, it being a warm pleasant day. 7 -Wednesday .Horace mentions his father 3 .packing their provisions, and says: "We made the last packing arrangements On the morning or the oth the rest 01 the Horace says: "Before wagons moved out. blessed Orson and. mystarting, Father Lott self, and gave us many good promises of htalth and . safety that we should return to our friends again, etc., etc. Started with my 11 a. and at Orson, and went wagon in., myself three miles, where the rest of the boys were Brother and Sister Kimball went camped. with us- Porter came up on horseback and informed us that P. P. Pratt had just arrived from England, and that John Taylor and Or-- , son Hyde 'were soon expected." Father and mother invited Horace to return in the" car-- . riage, with them, aud hk father Bishop . -- to-day- . -- ." -- - . 