WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A. So the journal goes on day after day, telling of hardships, of the exertions made to get wood to cook the food, of the wild game they kill and divide, etc., of the cattle they have die, sisters later in the day, and that her granddaughter. Martha Ann, asked to have a little, meeting with Martha Van Cott, and that the gift- of tongues was given them. 28th, the . men were cajled out to she drill, and speaks of the Bell ringing for prayers throughout the camp night andmorning :' 4At JL o'clock our company moved on, the cannon in the rear; Parley's division go in the rear this wefk. 29th, we travel ten, miles," and camp on the Loupe fork of the Platte River; we passed the Pawnee village; it had been burnt recently by the Sioux. 30th, we wait one hour for S moot's company to go on out of our way; go ten miles, when we come up with thexwhole camp. The men go out to find a safe place to cross. We passed another Indian village.to-day- . July 1st we cross; Bro, 'Taylor's company go ahead, and we travel about one mile alter crossing the river. July 2nd-wgo on twenty miles, and camp on the prairie without woodxor water, but we had a heavy shower of rain with a great deal of wind. July 3rd we go on sixteen miles, and strike the pioneer trail near the Platte Kiver Peregrine shot an antelope Bro. Sheets calls this Musquito Bend. We feund old . wickiups to - burn - to cook our food by. Sunday, the 4th, we rested and held a meeting. The sisters had a meeting afterwards at Sister Thompson's tent. Monday, the 5th, made a bridge, to cross the creek; we 'Jravel fifteen miles; Parley's companygo infront. We traveled all day on the pioneer's trail, and camped on their camping. ground;found-- a guide board which marked 217 miles from Winter Quarters, but the way we have come it is 190 miles. Tuesday, the 6th, we went on. eighteen miles, and camped on the bank of a stream from the Platte,-wher- e Indians had : 95 - rjilCE, Hitherto we have had no organization in. "our midst, and we know you would be pleased to hear from us. The health of the people is good with one or two exceptions; and all are feeling well in the principles of the Gospel. We were pleased to have a visit from our beloved sisters, M. W. Snow and E. Howard, from Salt Lake, also the Stake President, sister Annie Larsen and first Counselor, Sifter Ann Pulsipher, on,the 3rd of this month when the sisters' were organized in a Relief Society and they organized a Primary for the Children forjvhich we feel having a desire to be one with the rest of our sisters in helping to carry out the commandments God has given. We have held two meetings which were well attended. The sisters expressed themselves as willing to try and carry out the" .' On the 17th that Grant's company had lost seventy-fivhead of cattle. Sunday, the 18th, they get letters from the and they were read in the meeting; they were left at the ferry which the pioneers had made. On the 20th a meeting was called of four hundred, and decided that five yoke of cattle must be spared out of each hundred to send back to assist Grant's company, A man was sent back with-theBro. Gusten. These items are only given in detail to show how this second company from Winter Quarters traveled. It being the first company after the pioneers, and following on so soon after, makes it of more consequence historically than those companies traveling later. During the time, of journeying., almost daily, it seems from the records, there were children born one or more and so far no deaths, ex- cept the man that was shot at the Horn River. Women were miraculously preserved! under these trying circumstances, and the greatest faith seems to have been given to all, even the children; indeed, the Spirit of the Lord was, poured out upon them insomuch that they re; ; . joiced continually. v e e -- " R. S., Y. L. M. I. truly-thankfu- l -- instructions given by those who preside over them. HopiDg you will find space in your valuable paper for this, our first attempt, and, praying our Heavenly Father to bless us in connection with- - the -- Relief Society in other : places and in all the world, that we may ac . coinplish a good work, we remain Respectfully,- S. G. Cox President, Pauline Pace, ' - A. & P. A REPORTS . ' . . T .Keziaii Empey, Counselors, Isa belle Birch, Secretary, Emma MATniEsAsst. Secretary, bARAH orderville. Editor Exponent: EMERf CO. Editor Exponent: and those that stray away, etc. she states they got word CASTLE VALLEY, Leigii, JLreasurer. v Our Relief Society has been in working-orde- r for the past ten years. With Louise C. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. , Prest.-and Susannah S. Fackrell Spencer as some "the us of burnt Clarrissa A and Bake a rich paste in beentmping; Strawberry Short-Colwickiups Hoyt as her Counselors; with for wood, others waded the stream and brought occasional changes of Secretary and Treasurer. Have six ready, In these spread stewed strawberries well oyer wood on their backs. The camp did not Thongh not possessed of a great abundance sweetened; lay one upon another, six deep. In winter, all come up with us; Smoot'a company have of this world's goods, we are still able to add use preserved or, canned berries, not come, and Grant's company have not been our mite towards building Temples, assisting Cocoanut Pie. One cup of white sugar, butter size of heard from since Monday. Go fifteen miles the poor, etc. hen's egg, whites of three eggs, well beaten, one We have this year succeeded in purchasing Wednesday, and camp where the pioneers did; of flour, of a grated cocoanut, and found another guide-board- , whieh said, they a very suitable house, one large room below milk of cocoanut added last, or a tablespoonful of milk, had killed eleven buffaloes before the 2nd of and two rooms above, which gives us good scant measure. Bake on lined ith puff ' May. Thursday move on a little farther, and store room. Our meetings are held regularly, paste. come on the pioneer's .camp again; found and a good spirit prevails. another guide-board- , and Peregrine and Bro. Mincemeat for Pies. Three pounds of meat (after it is Occasionally we meet in social gatherings, ' Pratt saw two horses; Bro. Pratt and Bro Tay- one of which took place" on Thursday 29th ult, boiled;) four pounds- suet, three and pounds lor caught them; (supposed they had been lost that being the 49th birthday of Sister Susanraisins, one and pounds currants, pound dried three the of of Extract Burnett's' The cherries, teaspoonfuls by pioneers). sloughs are so bad we nah S Fackrell, her children wished to meet, cannot follow the trail of the pioneers. Friday with many .of her friends, at her new house, Nutmeg, and mace to your taste. Four pints white wine, night we camp on the Platte River. Saturday not as a surprise party, but just to have a one pint brandy, four pounds brown sugar a party from the camp went out to hunt, and good, .sociable time. Mincemeat for Pies No 2. Six cupfuls beef twelve cupSunday morning sept back for a wagon to about one o'clock, a comoany fuls apples, three cupfuls sugar, two cupfuls butter, two --Accordingly, bring in their game. We held a meeting, and of about sixty persons met, and enjoyed "pounds raisins, one quart cider, three tablespoonfuls cinnaalso a meeting of the sisters. The hunters refriendly greetings and a good dinner, after mon, two tablespoonfuls allspice, one tablespoonful of turned with 1,800 weight , of buffalo meat. which ,a hymn was sung, and the house dedi- -' Burnett's Extract of Nutmeg. Monday morning "it. was divided out among cated; Prest. . Chamberlain offering the dediLemon Pie, Two lemons; four eggs, two tablespoonfuls the camp; we stopped, after going twelve miles., catory prayer. of melted butter, eight tablespoonfuls of pulverized sugar. to smoke the meat; the brethren went .out to The brethren being very much hurried with Grate the rinds and add two teaspoonfuls of Burnett's Ex.7 an island-tget wood. Bro. Spencer's comv their labors, then retired. tract of Lemon. Separate the yolks from the whites of pany travel ahead this, week; he is Captain After new arrivals were refreshed, the meet over the first hundred wagons. On the 13th ing was given into the hands of Prest. L. C. the eggs, and beat the yolks wjth half the sugar,.all the butter, rind and extract; pour in the crust and bake till the we go fifteen miles, and find the grass very Spencer A hymn was sung, after which a pastry is done; then beat the whites of the eggs to a stiff short; some of our men went hunting and killed very impressive prayer was offered by Sister froth, add the rest of the sugar, put in on the pie smoothfour buffaloes. In Grant's company, the cattle Clarrissa A Hoyt. ly and bake in a quick overt one mmute; this makes the broke out of the yard last night, killed a cow, tirbrne " testimonies were and 7 "Many strong upper crust. broke off several horns and l)roke a horse's leg; many comforting words "Vpoken, with many Lemon Pie No. 2 One egg, one lemon, one tablespoon kind wishes for the welfare of Sister Fackrell. lucjr uave io siop ana recruit, etc. Jlhe 14th we go on six miles, and ful of cornstarch, four heaping tablespoonfuls of sugar, one The meeting closed with singing and prayer. stop. for the rest of the 10 come "PJ seen two eve herds of when the company dispersed, all feeling that tablespoonful of melted butter; mix the corn starch with a buffalo little water. Pour upon it a teacup of boiling water. Beit, and found a guide-boar- d with a we had had an enjoyable time. the sugar and egg together, grate lemon, then add all to letter in it.' statinso it. -Is SfiO miloi fmm AVinf.r Praying that the Lord will preserve the corn starch. Bake with an undercrust. hen done, beat quarters; we call it 284 by our calculations; honest in the truth,and comfort and strengthen one white of killed one buffalo, and divided it out in our all in the trials we the one and egg light, tablespoonful of powmay have to pass through, dered on in oven. and brown sugar; top put Here she writes about oxen being sick, we remain your sisters and hity. in the and tells of the ways contrived to cause of truth. exchange r.... Yankee Puffs Two ounces of butter," three tablespoonand to work one ox alone on the lead, etc. On, Louise C. Spencer, ; fuls of sugar, three eggs (yolks and whites separate), three the 16th she speaks of seen thousands SusaisNAnS. teacups of milk, three teacups of flour, one saltspoonful of... Fackrell, u of buffalo, that some having ran in among their , ". Clarrissa A. Hoyt, salt, one and a half teaspoonfuls of Burnett's Extract of cattle, and one was shot, and three others Vanilla. Beat the butter to a. cream, add the sugar and Lydia K. Youno, Treasurer, wounded. Hannah E. Hoyr, Secretary. yolks, then the milk, which should be salted, e. pie-plate- s. table-spoonf- ul -- three-quarte- rs pie-plate- s, . . - one-ha- lf -- . to-da- y, . co-work- ers ' - : " wel-beate- n one-ha- lf one-ha- lf 