' trary to tho ttw of God as revealed in suture and the precepts Mrkmt; aud r Whereas these dogmas arc an insidious poi- eon eappiug the vitality of our civilization blighting woman, and laying their palsying" hand upon humanity; therefore, Resolved, That we denounce these doma3 wherever they are. enunciated,- - and wewiil withdraw our personal support from any or- ganizauou or person so flowing-anteaching, Resolved, That we call upon the Christian .. ministry,- - as leaders of thoughtrtd'teach and enforce the fundamental idea of creation, that man was made in the image of God, male and female, and given : equal dominion over the earth, but none over' 'each other. And further, we invite their in securing the recognition of the cardinal point of our creed that in true religion there is neither male nor female, neither bond nor free, but all d it u a nr x 151 "1 -- BftV36me showing ruggestivelaiiatics, women ' , -- are one." These resolutions, introduced the first day, were read and adopted, save the last one, which created an unusual sensation. Men and women joined in the debate and the discussion took a partly rel igious tti rn and threatened to resu It It was discussed pro and con disastrously. vigorously and was beginning to call forth criminating attack upon special religious order., wh'enJVIra.' Stanton arose land spoke earnestly and conclusively fn its behalfaiid then said further consideration would be postponed till" the morning following when a special ses-,- . sion would be held to consider', it. The afternoon meeting then adjourned- ' The evening sessym was devoted to ... adv- dresses. Miss I lard man of Philadepbia spoke , very '.well compiled and A lhe convention the virtue of in her f late and the portion her. sex plays in the industrial and professional pursuits of that State. MrrShattuck is a very pleas-- , broad and reflective speaker, and. must ing, prove a power in the cause because of her apparent earnestness and conservatiyeness.. Anna L. Diggs read a telling humorous account of' the suffrage work in Kansas. She was very attentively, listened to, One of the most eloquent and powerful appeals and addresses made was that of Mrs. Clara B. Colby, Editor, of. the Woman's Tri-- " bnrie,o Nebraska.' She appealed Jo men to" make the cause of woman's emancipation their own, as they had the cause of free government ia'the early history of the nation, as they had -for the abolition of slavery. She told.the early Hebraic legend of creation: "Lillith was the goddess and Adam the God; that they reigned over all equally till Adam wished all control, and Lillith, rather than not enjoy peace, left the garden. Then an Eve, subordinate and a helpmeet only wa3 created," ami it was a fact well-writte- -- '. was then declared ad NOTES.' Jjunng the debate on Wednesday on the doctrine resolution, Mrs. Stanton in her remarks tending to show that organized religion had ever tried to keen woman in abase- rneut, asked wh at it was that bound the II in- uuu wumau uu me iunereai pyre 01 ner aeau IhicKmti? it ;a i, i anti-churc- n, h t?i;: thejiarems of Turkey full; and what but religion could ever induce , the Mormon women to endure that abominable and destroy ing prac tice 01 poJyga my r The character of ladies who participated and who were present wa3 intellectual, at least m 'appearance, if not in fact. There were many There were not , a young Women present. of number the number of males but great, men, i n creased each d ay. Mrs . John T. Ca i n e and Mrs. F. S. Richards of --Utah" were interested spectators and listeners to a large part of the v proceedings. Several of the, ladies who are attending the convention have never attended the Washing- ton convention before. Mrs. Gordon of California makes her annearance here now for tho first time. Dr. Chapin of Albany, Mrs. Fray of Ohio, Miss Burr of Hartford, Mrs. Colby of Nebraskarand MrsTEllisof New York are also here for the first time. Mrs. llalleck and Mrs. Vorthy of note that until this inferior and sub- ordinate woman was made, no evil came into the world. She wished Lillith to return, to. reign equal, and thus bring back the era when sin should be unknown. Mrs. D. Stockman of Chicago Tmade a report for. Illinois, while Rev. Olympia Brown report-c- d Hull are Quakers, and there were several the movement in Wisconsin srractive that other ladies from Maryland belonging to the they had held two annual meetings within the Miss AnSociety of Friends present year in that State. thony is" of Quaker ancestry: Mrs. Colbv of The afternoon session closed by Mrs. Stan-.- .. -NebTaskslrUitor of a paper; "Miss. Lau ra ton stating that it had been decided to lay the White of Kentucky is sister of Representative last resolution over for one year, as the discusWhite of that state. She is a student of archsion seemed to have given rise to some feeling; itecture, and proposes to make architecture her but she wished women to read the Scriptu es profession. Mrs. Post of Wyoming is the wife and take notes, so as to determine intelligently ro:nauA of Delegate Post. She has bceu whether there wa3 not a grave discrepancy beof a jury aud served on a jurj wheu uie wa3 tween the position assigned them by the ministhe only woman present. ' ters and creeds of orthodox churches, and that" . EXECUTIVE SESSION. contemplated in the first two chapters of Genesis and in the Gospel of Christ The first executive session of ofilcers and In the evenng Miss Anthony made an admemoerswas held in the red parlors of tho those who hard were dress, hitting opposing Rigga house on Tuesday. morning, Miss An- the wurk in Congress, while Mrs. Stanton i thony presiding. The unfinished busiaes3 of stated that in the forthcoming volume of the last year was. considered and committees ap- she would Woman Suffrage" paint "History of pointed for the work of the convention. Thirthese men so black that their own sons and teen states were represented, one territory, and The" following arc daughters would be ashamed of them. Miss , the District of Col u m biar Irer in the committees appointed: Anthony gave somefnteresting points of would the in efforts behalf She cause.. early COMMITTEES. not tell just now how many years ago that was Finance Jane H. Spofford, Eliza T. Ward, but it she lived to be as old as Mcthusalem, f "whose oldest daughter I am said to be, Twill . and Ruth C. Denison, District of Columbia; Ellen rf. Fray, Ohio; Mrs. Halleck, New York still advocate woman suffrage." . 31 rs. Laura deForce Gordon then delivered Membership Clara B. Colby, Nebraska; Miss Laura White, Kentucky;Tl3r. Harriet B. an address on "Is our Civilization Civilized?" she in as is, decidedly, Ar uing like a lawyer, Chapin and Caroline G. Rogers, New York; Caroline A. Sherman andMrs. S. J. Messer, the negative. The loss of courtesy by men District of Columbia; Mrs. A. 31. Best, Marywould be more than compensated by the fact land. that she would then be the equal of man.- She inCredentials Mrs." L. D. Blake and Sarah said ske would rather suffer any amount of W. Ellis, ,'New. York; Harriet B. Shatluckf dignity than that little jackanapes should be Massachusetts; Frances Ellen Burr, Connectiable to insult her with the remark, "vou can't vote." cut; Mary E. McPherson, Iowa. '., Elizabeth C. Stanton and MaResolutions Mrs. Stanton read a short closing address. It; tilda J. Gage, New York; Laura, De Force was very important that the government should be kept secular, and equally so that woman Gordon, California; Clara B. Col by, Nebraska; 7 , Sarah M. Perkins, Ohio; Mrs. Diggs, Kansas. should know the danger of ecclesiastical conC. Press Ellen Burr, Connecticut; Ruth trol, as they were so soon going to vote. She and Ellen II. Sheldon, District of wanted women tOremember that under the . . . J U Ail old Roman law women had far more liberty Nominations Susan B. Anthony and Lillie than since the Canon law put its withering D. Blake, New York; Clara B. Colby, Nebras- -' hands upon their jcivil rights. Law and eccleka; Harriet R- - Shattuck, Massachusetts; Matilsiastical students read the degrading statements da Hindman, Pennsylvania. and then preached" or practiced on the inspirCorinthians the to ation of the directions given THE DELEGATES PRESENT. or Philiipians. She demanded an exporgited The following were in attendance at the ex- edition of Blackstone and the Canon laws, as' . ecuiivc 0C331UU. well as of the Bible.- - All the revisions of men Washington, D. C; Mrs. Ruth C. Den nison, had been failures, find she" wanted the next to Mi?3 Eliza T. Ward, Urn Martha Vi Johnson, be made by.;aonen. to-da- , the subject, "As the Rulers, so 'the People," stating that the ouly. way to overcome mob rule was to substitute virtue for vice, oto give tnemorflmoraliialt of the community the women result would representation, ana-mbe attained. Women for the same workshoud receive the same compensation, and yet the only place where men did not cheat the women was where women had the right to vote. Rev. Olympia Brown.for 20 years a preacher in the Universalis Church, spoke to the text, "All are created free and equal." The aristocracy in power, she said, wa3 that of the moustache, whose insignia was the spittoon, whose home wa3 the smoking car, and whose outward sign was the curling tobacco smoker &nd which was dependent upon an accident of on the body. i.n jx th-jN- f l - The concluding speaker of the evening was Lillie Devereux Blake. Her subject was the . . lie" was not fulfilled in this country- - A young woman here who desired to earn her living hed offered to her the alternative of starvation or degradation. She hoped the Bartholdi statue would never be erected until women had the ngni to vote. . , It was decided not to hold a morning session to discuss the resolutions which created such a tumult d urine:w the afternoon. - - ". THIRD DAY. . A fair sized audience assembled on the afternoon of the third day. Miss Anthony again .called the meeting to order, calling attention to thenecessitv of liberal contributions to ena ble the work successfully to be carried on, and she was followed by a male member named E. M Davis, who made himself conspicuous all through the convention for very bad taste. He made a very painful attempt to coax and argue those present into helping "us" in 'our" work. Br. Harriet B. Chaphi, in a wavering voice, reported the condition of the suffrage work at Albany, New York. - Mrs. Shattuck of Boston, a very womanly appearing and acting lady, reported the condition of the woman's movement in Massachti- - - D.-nnis-on . -- 1 V A Mr .. 