WOMAN'S EXPONENT. nlavincr in their own earden. Ihere was a ood' audience, and friends seemed to feel amply repaid for coming, 1 hope it may pa the means 01 impressing upon some mothers a sense of the advantage of allowing their children to attend the meet ings regularly, for,there are a few who regard the dishes and such labors as the i subjects for attention, and do not remember that now is the time for the children's charac ters to be formed, as well as to leam habits of industry, and their minds should. be stored with useful knowledge in their youth. In after life they will not regret any effort they make for the sake of educating their offspring: --- --- all-import- i ours truly, M. A. ,G. Baker. LOGAN PRIMARY. Editor Exponent: - The Logan Sixth Ward Primary ha3 just had a picnic, wh ich was ye ry enj oyabl e to all present, lhey had made a quilt, which they wished to present to a worthy sister who needed one. Three of our little teachers, from ten to twelve years of age, brought the widows and aged sisters to share the good things the lunch baskets contained. A hundred persons were present. Songs, recitations and addresses from our children followed. "The afternoon was occupied in a lively aance, m which our bunday. SchooKioined. ncr Si n cr thismi r ea sell, t h at our Bishop, A . L. Schanchy has found it neces sary to enlarge the house. Ealma Pike, President, " E. L. TV; CROwinER, . Mary Jones, Counselors. "schools-haye"B0"i- HOW I BECAME A MORMON. Haying learned from a friend of mine that she expected an old friend of the family to visitJier, and, notwithstanding it was "Mormonism" he was coming, I accepted her invitation to spend the evening at her home. to-prea- ch Of course I made up my mind not to become a "Mormon," but I was curious enough to want to know something of their belief, so, after the introductions were gone through, Elder Robert Marshall, for thal was o"ur friend's name, came and sat down by me on a couch, and, without further preliminary, introduced the subject of baptism, proving it from Holy WrTt. I began to feel very small, as I could prove nothing m defence of my own creed, al though I maintained that I was right, believing m laith .and repentance, as all the woricrpro- fesses do, spiritually, at least, but coming on to Daptism, wny l naa never so much as thought of it for myself; I relied so entirely upon what our clergyman taught that itneyer entered my mind to search for myself, but here was new revelation to me. Before going to bed each night I prayed to God that I might know if" this was Hi3 work" and instituted by Him. ma i t I saw Elder Marsnau irequentiy at' my friend s house, and he never grew tired preaching to us, and, indeedit seemed we never got tired of listening. Finally I resolved to be baptized, and one evening, sitting around the fire, he askedme if I had my mind made up yet. I said, "Yes." He looked delighted, but, said he, "You must be prepared to lose your former friendships, and to meet with-scorcontempt and persecution, for this is the heritage of. the people of God." Meanwhile, my own family could notjiide from me the fact1 that ' they- - were secretly annoyed by my absenting myself so much from "home, and one day, just as I was going out of the door, mother called to me, "Going to hear nothsr Mormon' Itcturt?'' Of oour I tosls l i t a -- n, 87 aid I tion to strive to prove myself worthy of a name more was s no notice, walked meeu" i?tuu u piat ..a ine raiast oi the eaints oi uoa, iiu some:um auerjrarvu" in my friend'KTuseTjust a number of herre1a-- j and to associate with those noble sisters who tivea were there, I being the only stranger; are working to carry out those principles" of When evening came, mother came with it, our faith that will tend to tin i to and hind to knocked at the door and demanded me to' come gether, instead of rending asunder. It is indeed a time of trial to the Saints of home; accordingly I went home, and I can tell you she. "went for me," the result being I left God, and it will serve to tost every person who my home in a few days and jiever returned. I has a" name or a standing in the midst of the 1 i ved three months in Belfast wi th my friend's Saints, and prove what kind of material they which I are composed of, whether it is gold. or dross. sister, and then set sail for Salt Lake, ' have not Tegretted. I know that this is God's Such men as Angus M. Cannon, A. Milton of work, and I do desire to be found among the Musser, H. ,B.. Clawson, with i who have the nobility and manliness others, faithful, enduring to the end. to stand up in, court and proudlv defend that M. S. glorious principle of our faith, which is most sacred to us (a revelation from the Most High A GENTILE'S OPINION. God) and choose rather, to suffer bonds and ; imprisonment than to renounce it, are the pure I am watching with great interest the oppres- gold, without any alloy, and my heart says, sion through which your people are now pass"God bless them and their families with every blind Mammon don't of the power ing. If blessing pertaining to' thismortai life, and a and pervert the spirit of your people, you will-stil- glorious eternity hereafter." live and prosper;,l)ut in every contest it is , Four of our brethren- - have returned and not in the to front, enemy where they served a term of three important keep feed spies and traitors in your midst. months and fine; the two remaining brethren, Did. you ever know an army that could sucBro. George - Wilson and ' Spillsbury, are exceed that allowed such in their camp? All pected home they serving six honest people despise that class jof people; months. Many more are wandering a3 exiles love to see every body atand from their homes and families; and when will tend to their own business, and let others alone; this all end? Not until the Church of God is and as to the plural marriage system, that purified, when all who can ;be sifted will be, ought to be. nobody's business but the parties' and none will beIeft but the pure in heart. Men and women ought to be May God contracting. grant that you and I may be ,of ,that -- allowed toontract as they pleasen the import number. tant matter of marnage,and not have the ladies Pardon me for thus intruding upon your hindered from marriage, by, law, like our poor time with such a lengthy letter; when I seated government land is held for homesteads for myselfjt was merely witrr the intention of vagabondsand cut throats, who are unworthy giving notice of the money, but my pen kept .of any woman. The ladies are to be benefited running in spite ot me. We are enjoying deby this system, and it is a wonder to me that lightful weather now the hot, melting season is they are not nearly all in favor of it; but over with, and we certainly appreciate it. Good health prevails. Francelle and family are well, many of them "are blind to the great benefits to result to them oy pmrai marriage, ana prealso Irene's. fer sacrificing their ease and liberty and Hoping these few lines will find your self and submitting to a species of outrage to Jbe in the family enjoying the same blessing, I remain, as fashion. Public opinion is very powerful to ever, , Yourjriend, hold the average mind down to its dictates, but Saraec M. Pomeroy. I hope when the ladies are generally enlightened on this subject, and get the ballot and vote,, they will make some improvement in the law; NOTES AND NEWS. so much in their favor. " As the law is now, many of the ladies can't "Mrs. Ole Bull: is again at at Elm- ; to worst the even of at all, men, grade wood." marry because they are' more numerous, and plural "Mme. Nilsson has been, decorated with marriage would give them all a chance to love Russian and Danish orders. and be loved by some worthy man, that would make life a blessing and a pleasure, instead of "In Green Co., Ind a woman is sheriff and having a master, as many of them now have. has charge of th jail." This is the way it looks to one in Alabama, and l am not afraid nor ashamed to own it, for "Mrs. Grant, it is said, receives half a bushel be .boon to the this of letters and newspapers every day." I believe principle greatest ever offered to the daughters of Mother Eve. "Mrs. Helen JacksonTisaid to have had an John M. Russel. in come of $3, 000 a year from her writings her most active literary period." during ' CORRESPONDENCE. "Mme. Christine Nilsson, it is said, has finally determined to settle in England, and is Mesa, Arizona, Oct. 11, 1885. sumptuously decorating a house in Kensington E--- I . from-Yuma- . w, non-Mormo- ns : ; . Editor Exponent: Court." Your paper is a welcome visitor, and a great L.U ii . i .'i i i.i it, couiu me manyexpress a aesire to tatte means be obtained to pay for it, but this is the great trouble with the most of those who de- sire to take it. We are still hoping agamst hope that time3 will change, but Dame Fortune is very fickle, and does not come at every beck and call. I do not think that money could be spent in a better causex than in tecuring such publications, that serve to strenthen and en- courageous in the onward, upward path, which it i3 our duty to follow; such I claim this paper to be, and I never take it up in my hands fcr perusal but I feel that the spirit of inspiration has dictated its contents, and I feel to press onwt rd with rcasr?d strength, ind i dtti raiav 1 - "Jdnny Lind will sing in.public thi3 summer for the first time in twenty-twyears, in aid of the Children's Infirmary in Norwich, Eng- land." 4 o "Colonel T. W. Higginson contributes fo, the current number of Science an article ou American Flash Languagewith lists of wordi-an- d phrases." "The New grar for October publishes in Full , the paper read by Mrs. Ed n ah D. Cheney before for the advancement of " on Woman ia the Brahmo Somaj." , Women, "At the recent rifle festival in Austria, a Tyrol? is pciesnt girl ctrricd lUndtrd thi! n 