EXPONENT. WOMA.N'S 24 ' IX MO10RIAM. h tTieJj3a; ncI -- Villi' fre mother i"f.'t!u.; 1 xopjart.- and u it if the Nauvoo Temple.- uW Sa Our Nellie, twin daughter of Andrew "Uicl" Mayyri7l5$5t aged" fourteen yeare, two months and nineteen ?,iys. .: ; 01' R NELLIE. , Spirit iraimftd, sweet spirit Gone from' alt pain lathe bright land of .rest; living a void that no other can And a grief in our hearts thrjt no power can sti!I,- bl-t- f Vr. . -- , ' And her dear face no more shall our sad eyes behold, 'Til life's journey is ended, and we reach the shore here, sorrow and sa Iness and partings are o'er. Uncloudedrunstricken by anguish and care, And sweet will the meeting be there. bye and bye, In a blessed reunion, where love cannot die, HoPK. . her birth and life., George Crank. DiKO, at MiU Creek, June 7th, 1885. David, son of John F. and Elizabeth Snedaker, aged twelve years, eight months ancTtwenty-thrc- e days. 'I he. following resolution? were adopted at the Third District Primary of Mill Creek Ward. feasrtrrfciv call from our midst our dearly beloved yjung brother and associate, fit to be it - Resolved, That we, tlie members of the Association, do, sympathize with brother Sriedaker ar.d family in the loss of son and brother. David has the promise of a life beyond the' grave, where sickness anddeatlv has no "posvcrr where all is bright and beautiful.-He was a faithful member of the Association, always ready to respond to every call. We will miss hirn from our society, though we feel to say, "Thy will be done, O " 'lVeil . ... "'V V and-pje-"sen- Francis Hanson, .. IsAbELL Kindnf-s- Euj iok ExroNKNT:. ; " t '"'" Carlisle, s u Kunrr. Hadie Carlisle, Secretary. ., E LEVANT CUT ' AGRICULTURAL ' We, the members of the Annabella Ward, Sevier Co. Utah, are, with much regijwnpeilcd to inform f you of the death of our beloved sisier. and friend, Ann Sophia Rollins Tkckstead, wife of, Edward K. Roberts, who- this hfe May 131!!, iSS-;- hc was born March 5ta lSjj,iflthe State of Maine. Wasbapti;cd in November' at the early ageof cl.ven year;.. She passed through many of t';e and hearC pen;cc;;tio tending scenes of the "Clnn-ch- ; was in the from' Nauvoo, and was compelled to cross the MisMsdnJ in a canoe. She afterwards returned to. Nauvoo, living 1842, drl,is GI.A-- S, ; TOOLS AND IMPLE-- ' 1 MENTS, The following Resolutions of Respect were unanimously" adopted by the Society: As 111 the Providence of God our most worthy sister has been cabed to a higher and happier sphere, to perform a labor of love in heaven, as she had done here upon earth, be it Resolved, That we, Annabel!a'Wardr'd.T mourn the loss our of beloved sister, and sincerely greatly ' tender our heartfelt sympathy t - the many- - relatives and who friends, ;:re called "upon to lose mother, wife, sister ' and friend, and with them . we. weep and acknowledge the hand ot' .'ii Almighty .God, but are greatly consoled in --knowing that the Saintly" sleeper fenjO) s"'"theres't of the . . . .1 .1 a.. f.,;il,f,.l icumiui, aim uic i cmnuiv wjuiioseLsneJovea alsolook forth to the time when- the grave will give up its dead, and the earth again will be brightened with the presence of the redeemed. And, be it Resolved, That a copy of this not;ce and resolution's be fonvarded to the Exponent for publication. Emma Spafford, President, . Ei.len Gardner, Counselor. Ann Thurston, Secretary.'; . PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS" AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. , tlie-sisters- -of We carry a hrgr and more complete Btock than any house In tha west. H. S. ELDREDOE. el . AT TE ASDEL'S Will bo found the latest styles and. productions m LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, MISCELLANEOUS. Ho who can suppress a 'moment's anger may of sorrow. Ex'. jprvejrjiajlay My thoughts are ray own possession; my acts'raay be limited to my country '$ laws. G. Fontcr. - . And an elegant assortmcnf of 3D ID S GOO department for Ladies' Misses' IT Special Shoes. and - 112, 114, 116, ,118 God not only reigns, but rules. The universe is His kingdom; eternity is: His term of Supt Special to the Ladies. : In-ant- 's East Temple Street. . fiiee.- -ir. II Tucker. - The fortunate circumstances of, our lives are generally found at last to be of our own : J producing. Goldsmith. . . Resolved, That we; place this oaour records, a copy 40 the bereaved family, and one be. sent to the EXPONENT for. publication. " -- . GLASS AND QUEENBWARE, rr . " .1. 1IEAVV AND HH ELF HARDWARE, " daughter ot William C. and Eliza NIdya.rKLthe-u,-fe- of BWwjHfc-KfffiBaH, born 1:1 tait Lake City, May: 23rd. 1 )ied A 1 859. r pril 6 h, 1 SS5 Tier fail h and works, reflected by a mild and tender disposition, endeared her to all who knew her, and her memory warms the soul with celestial love, the order of . . & I)IH, at Kanoshlillard'Co,LaurTMoody"Kinlhall, Lord." W-BllflflSfN- 7 OBITUARIES. ' sowellJ n lUjlojulUUKIIl'u l..'m' beloved by all the meinbers of both ' associations, for the faithful discharge, and pcrformacce of every duty, by which she won many tokens of their love and esteem. of the war !, and for miles around, attended The her funeral service-- , in token of esteem for the worthy and faithful worker in the places to which she had been called . Andoh, speed the day when Thy kingdom shall come, When throughout our sad earth 1'Iiy will shall be done; V lien the grave shall give back our lov ed ones again, And Thine own great victory Christ .shall proclaim. -- 'IMrillTER8 AND JOBBERS OF CLOTH AND CLOTHING, Who have gone at the voice of Jehovah's cail, And now, oh! pur darling, the call was fur thee Oh! help us, our Father,: Thy purpose to see, '. SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. - "OfT'alhernd mother .TTuddit: and all, : ih&dYesiienrcTl Her- last d;iys""vcre those of great suffering,', and she died firm to the cau-- e o.f truth, and 'in the hope of a glorious resurrection. Her bit work was mostly with the Primary, as her mind was so- much upoivtheir .develop-- , theiiomccixle gathering there, Oh, choice andUMjtonkr " Todden-tfrrrlam'eir "The Father hath gathered her back to His fold, - - , . ""SilehtlyveavTng a mystical chain. Of the chords of affection, for aye to remain JL " it ' He who did give md hath taken away Our Nellie to mansions of eternal day; And oh, may' His Spi.it heal up each sore heartj ' J1 we meet heragain never- - never to rart. No purer e'er came from heaven to earth, - h - - Save- -- : - - fill,-,..--- : rit l?eek!e:ui in iS.o, She crossed- the plains in 1853, and pissed through many hardships and .. privations incident to the eariv settlement of Utah. ac his ".In 1064 she lost her hubnnd by cidcntlyhootbg 'frrms.ilf rmhn'T C out the emigration. . .. She to . .. .... - .., ',?! .j,,...i860...- vwas married to her present hu.sb.ind in Ma-live rfVjrfng her last days airier children daughters' and the youngest chil I, a son, nearly lourteen years of age; Her disease was pulmonary consumption.' The fondest attention was tendered her, during her dis' tressing and fatal illness of five months duration. ' .She was Second Counselor to the. rres'dent.of the. U nnabelliT Ward Relief Society, m.irried to Sid'icv- - - k '.v:Lailr.aV--fWrr- " Ikyond all doing of good for he that u good not only but a! that he does m good. the being good does 'good things is Exr For Sale mts Otrftee, jit BOOKS BOR,;SN0W. 2oc m per conv . contalulnif steel enrravine" " of thu author, bound la uiuroi-eo1 25 "V f: CORREHpf.xij, JF Fall and 'Joinplete Stock of MILLINERY, Tnt'RijTrf, with (.tHjrij A. aiith and Lorvuzo Snow bound In cloth, $1.25, In morooco, - ' 150 - Spring and Summer Goods m TRIMMINGS. L L&OIES DRESS 2D-."V-I- ID - ' 6c CO., rss- TINNERS, CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS tbli1; lUepufmSISTceIebrated UPTand -- AdirflH. lAVID Box 325. Orders tLT 1112 tnt CIT7 Home Made Silks! IfrMns. Brocaded nnd Plain Katln. and rA(ESTINp; eiicr-ivlno- A 14?" CALL AND EXAMINE. God has so arrawgofi.thathronoraetry of cur spirits that: there' shall be thousands of silent moments between the striking hours Ex PRIMAliY SPEAKER, No8. 1 aad 2, V- MUdlU BOOK for Primary llynanBU l'OEJLS, by E. R. Snow, Vol. h F. Auerbach & Bro. f -- . For Sale jit .j Anufactukkks' Pricks, by ' . MRS. B. p. MTTCiCiF'R a " 