Tc'racra wi!J writ Say, sd fa boliwt Wed of friendship 3 ? Ih-- rfaetatCT jOTITJ Wbeadied yoar mission, And resign your "dnst to dast," AVj!?t tn you at y-i,'- receive doe itteattea, and will bs . year jjplv the :eem Jasl at this who 'l sympathy and asaUtanca of time, to ned eTtry penon who possesses any cancepticn of I wn hearUJy disgusted at honor and JajUc th cnael and ncjust course cf our Government toward the Mormon, and I shoo 11 always op ; poie it to the bitter end. In ha3te, your friend, R S., - H. B. ll . . ' " . M. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS The foJljwing interesting death holloa end oblttnry appeared In the Petorbor j paper, and we republish It in honor of the aged eh ter, and for the sake of her many friends whoreaideln "" ; ';. ; Utih. In July, 1874, being then 82 years of age, Ehe paid a y Uit to Salt Lake City, Utah, and accomplished a work for her dead in the'boaseof the Lord, which ehe had been very deaircui to do for many year. Oa the occasion of her "dfpt ure from Z!oD,"a massenger handed her a poem la manuscript from the pen of the "Morrnm oete8B,,, whicifwarafterwarg published at the request of many friends, in theP!erboro,(N. H Transcript.) Sister Elfza R. Snow, the author,, published Jt afterward! in her eecond volume of poems, and we reprodaca it below here, as It seems very appropriate In CJnncctim with the notice of her demise. Ed. -- . -- "In this town, January Uil A. V JDfMXJ years, 5 months and 29 day6.' ' meeting together, and said, 1 he persecution we are receiving is in fulhlynent oi prophecy. Sister Lucy II. Flake felt desirous to work for the advancement of the kingdom, of bod. Coun. Lois Hunt said she felt well satisfied with every tbing that had been said, and dU'rinz the conference, and. in her uswdJheei ful manner felt to bless all the societies, Financial and verbal reports of the Young Ladie3 and Primary Associations were then given in, showing both to be progressing rapid ly m the great work. Prest. Emma S. Smith felt well pleased with the reports of the different wards, and gave some instructions to the secretaries in regard to making out reports. Said the persecution! the bamts receive will tend to make them live their religion better. The mothers in Israel should teach their, children to pray oa soon ivaj they arecldenough to talk"Hopel we would live so as to merit the blessings in store for the Conference adjourned for three months. binging: .Benediction by Albert Minnerly. Della Fish, Stake Secretary. d-qn-e . OBITUARY.. , 'Yesterday afternoon, at 2 CO o'lock, Mrs. Harriet Gray, unlTersaJIy known as "Aunt Harriet," died at her residence on Concord Street, at the ripe old .agooOS facalties to a remarkable degree. Fire months ago aho had a shock of paraljels, from which timo.she failed rapidly, and daring the last tlx dajs of herlifowas totally n neon scions. Mrs. Gray was a native and life long resident of th town. She was a daughter of the lata Hon. John Scott, and one of a family of nine children, one of whom, Mrs. Nancy Cobb'of Hancock, is still living: In 1811 Rho married William Gray, by whom she had eleren children. Fonr daughters and two sons sunrlYe her, and all but one son were present and minis-- " tered to ber wants during her last illness. A few weeks since, daughters,granddaughters,a and a stood by her bedeide fire generations being thus represented. - For many years sho lived upon the farm now owned and occupied by her son, Jame 8. Gray, where all her children were born. When the youngest child was two years old, tho family removed to the village, where ly untiring induBtrj Aunt Harriet succeeded In lifting a mortgage from tha farm and accumulating a few hundred dollars, after she had reached an age when people are generally supposed to retire from the active duties ' v of life. . Although differing In her religious; belief from the faith commonly held lu New England, her upright and unselfish Ufa was proof that she was actuated by a true Christian spirit, and the zeal and fidelity with which she performed her life work are worthy of emulation by all who knew her. Funeral from the house tomorrow (Friday) afternoon ... - ' at 1. 30 o'clock." great-granddaught- " " - 'Fare you well, beloved mother: While your homeward way you wend. . uoo, our Fatuor, wil' protect von Safe from dangers that impend. Fare you well, much honored lady, Go in peace and bo you blest; In the far off East remember Those who loved you In the West. In the valleys of the mountains, Hearts to God and country true, ' quarter. Sister Emily Lewis felt we were blessed in Harriet Gray, aged 02 28, Mrs ST. G EO KG E STAKE. ; . The Relief Society and Young Ladies' Mu- tual Improvement Association held their quarterly conference at the L on the 13th inst., and all felt it to be a time of rejoicing, lhe hall was well filled, and the reports ironi ail the settlements in the stake were most encouraging. The sisters appear to be waking up to a ?ense of their duty, and a greater union existsbetween them than in times past; also a deeper interest is felt in each other's welfare, and a desire tn nW principles which have been revealed from the r r neavens. Words of instruction and rnn napl by the brethren and sisters who presided.which " uo weii to reraem Der. -- It wos askpd that those sisters in the meetino' whn wnw ing in obedience to the law of celestiarmar- nage, and also those who were at present not in a position to practice it. but whn HnnArori if m their hearts, would .rise to their feet. Im- mediatelT every, sister in the house rose, thus kucii iaitu iu mat cnvine ' tha . . , During . the last quarter : the Society has ana in ministerzrj to the wants of the ing needy and the sick.and tuC or tne juord has followed their aduiMugs ministrations.. fimar , ,T,he in. , Your's respectfully, Baker, Cor. Secretary. M. A. G. usuat-openiogxemseTT- he MR 3. HARRIET GRAY. Bk, i Q " Th? quarterly1 conference of the Relief So ciety, the Young Ladies and rnmary Associations was held at Snowflake,'March CtlvlSSo, President Emma S. jSmith presidingAfter. minutes oi the the last quarterly conference were read and ap proved. Statistical and financial reports were 'readrw?jicFi showed the condition' of the branches to be very good. The verbal reports of the presidents of the several societies were very satisfactory, and showed much good had been accomplished by the sisters during the . W; TrL. EJLJ .--- rr- , LYuwi!l"h4i4bnnd4at entrance u?a InJaeJn blcgs these Saints ojllis and expand their minds, that they may comprehend the principles of the Gospel which are officers of taught theman aliobles-all'th"these associations with the spirit of their call may be able to instruct them in inf; that ofthey life and salvation. the way3 May,the--Lort- ; a Jae Eiirktd artldfi la the Xews ad Ilenli. Atjj pa pen or written message! from yea will sdwya tcXMt of E X V O K E .JN T . WOMAN'S 174 Conference was held on the inere was a good attendance. The little choir san swpptlv nrl tva. K.ut- happy faces of the children showed plainly thftV innr an inA.A.i - 1. i that . .inimical, m wnat was gaiai to Z- . r" " ; EOX ELDEIl STAKE 7 " r ' : - Minutes of the Conference of the Relief. So ciety of Box Elder Stake, held March - 10th, 885,"" in "the Tabernacle of- Brigham City, Prest. Ilarriet Snow presiding. Conference opened by singing and -- prayer, reading of minutes of previous conference, etc. Prest. Harriet Snow said, It is hard times,.-buso much more do we need to meet together , and exchange thoughts and feelings, to comfort ' an build each other up. Encouraged the sisters to make up useful and ornamental arti cles for the fair in June. "We should make it ' bright and cheerful around us; a happy, cheerful disposition will overcome obstacles, where one otherwise, would droop and be overcome. Secretary Mary E. Snow read the reports from the different wards for the last six months. Sister Hubbard, Prest. of the Relief Society of Willard, said,! am happy this" morning for the privilege to meet with my sisters. I often think, for all the teachings we. receive from time to time, how much we need to learn yet. When I reflect and contemplate on the manv blessiugs we have and still are enjoying, I feel to lilt my voice in praiso to my r ajner m nea- veh. Sisters, if we strive to be faithful we shall be preserved. We go home refreshe'd after hearing each other express our sentiments in humility and faith. The sisters of Willard are a faithful band of Miss -- Fanny UraehTI reasurer of Stake, react tne accounts ior me jasi six montns. rr ui jeiiei Society o Three Mile Creek,said.I am denser! tn h hnr- this year has been a peculiar one. both ftmnnd us and among the nations. Do we realize yet all of our duties? We are. bound to suffer if we shall inherit an exaltation; let us . honor these our sisters who hare passed through great trials and stood faithful. When we are willing to be dictated in our temporal thin? as well as in our spiritual affairs, then the Lord will nght our battles; but we never will be one until we do. We have manv widows in our ward, and they are liberal with their dona tions." Sister JAlbertston, Prestrat Bear RiveTCitv. said.she could not speak fluently as the sisters before her on account of the language. "We have had much sicknen8 in our place this- winter, and a great deal to think about; one poor sister, in particular, has laid very low for along time. We are striving to do all the , if - , -- " rs -- c;.. . good we can." J. . . Superintendent of the Y. L. M. I. A..Minnie Snow. "I have been thinkinj? while looking at the faces around me, I wonder how Ion? we win be permitted to meet in peace together. Referred to the manv who apostatized duriniz the former-trial-s of the Saints. We who are here in peace ought to be prayerful and remember those who are away from their homes." . Prest Harriet Snow made a few closing re marks. Alter simrinff'The Spirit of God like a fire is burning," and benediction by Emilia D.v Madsen, conference adjourned until two o'clock. Afternoon Session. After Rincinfy nraver wa3 offered by Sister Terrv. Coun. Susannah Booth, Prest. of Relief Society 1st Ward of Brigharn City, said, "I hope aud trust we may always have the privilege of meeting to gether to comiort and cheer each other, VYe lave the promise if we seek the Jxrd and live . ; f 