mmmmm''m'mmmmimmmmmmm VV: But inasmuch as they keep not my command ments, and liearken not to observe ail my words the kingdoms of the world shall prevail against them; for they were set to be alight unto the world and to be saviors of men, and inasmuch as they are not the saviors of 'men they are as salt that hath lost its savor, and is: ..' therefore jood for joothing but to be cast out under the feet of men.: 2 and tCbe trodden But verily I say unto you, I have decreed that your brethren, who have been scattered, the land of their inheritances shall return and build up the waste places of Zion, for after much tribulation, as said unto you in a- commandment, cometh' the blessing. , former Behold this is the blessing which 1 promised after your tribulatious, and the tribulations of your brethren, even their restoration to the land ofZion, to be established no more to be - thrown down. Nevertheless if they pollute: their inneriiances mey shall J?e thrown down. tor I will not spare them it they pollute their -- inheritances. '. Behold, I say unto you, that the redemption of Zion must needs come by power, therefore 1 will, raise up unto my people a. man who shall lead them like as Moses led the children of Israel; for ye are the children of Israel and of the seed of Abraham, and ye must needs be led out of bondage by power with a stretched out arm; and as your fathers were led at the first,, even so shall the redemption of Zion be: ' therefore, let not your hearts faint; for I saynot unto you as I did unto your fathers, mine angel snail go up belore you, but not my presence; but I say unto you mine angel shall go up before you, and also my presence, and in time ye shall possess the goodly land. r Joseph continues: "Thus while the press was the work prospering, the baints mourning, i i i ii i rejoicing in ine east, trou Dies changed and in the west, as may be seen by the following-letter written by W. W. Phelps: Clay Co., Mo., Feb. 27, 1834. O ; v.. nor-awe- d .. le Nutrioso, Arizona, Feb. Editor Exponent: . ripeof-itse- lf. e ve .. . - e 1 , , Y. L. M. L A. & P. A. REPORTS fremont, piute co. Editor Exponent: Thinking that a few words from this part of the vinevard would not be amis3 we send a few words to let you know lhat:we are alive to our our apnity, duties and striving, to ihe and teach Lord to serve the young in the ways of truth and righteousness; a good condition, and Our association is-ithe members are always ready, when called upon, to respond to their duties. If you think this worth space in your columns please publish. We are, as ever, the well wishers of the cause of truth. Margbet J. Taylor, President, ! Sarah A. Allred, Secretary, r Anna S. Taylor, Ass't Sec. the-best-- lf -- On Friday, March 6th, a conference of tha jadies'. Relief Society of Beaver Stake was i,MU0 J v wTuVhw- ihfi ii M.- followinern is X f Your kind, good letter was recei ved indue time. I thant you for all your kind, comforting words; do not know whether I will be able to come up there this summer, but I do know that I improve all the time, although it is slowly, but it is better slowly than not at all, and I thank add praise the Lord for His good- -' :' ness. ; . - :' have written a little poem for baby Evan. It is jnst an imaginary picture, not eo. good as I should like. Sometime I may write him a better one. ; " T " BABY EVAN. a synopsis: lltlUUbivj Called to order at 10 a.m. by Prest. Luanda Howd. . V a fiar fv Ka" nrftliminarv exercises the rrest. . i"v fnr rPTinrta from l he various wards, all noiic toThVIi wprft Aninentlv satisfactory, showmer the societies to be under able management and fullv alive to the import- Ance of the times, and to the necessity of ministerms to the wants oi tne poor anu utxuy. A number, or tne lames spoite, nuu mo m- Co., Feb. 15, 1885. Dear Aunt Lula: ' - .T.C. tmreltJIy,,.. Loa, Piute n beaver stake. 13, 1885. " . S, . in" peace, comjbrtj&nd reasonably-prospero- us the midst of the saints. Thw is a pleasant, fertile, but small, valley, truly in the tops of the mountains, with beautiful scenery of low hills and openings of tim ber for farms, with the necessary water, this being a rainy climate. We have here the best built and finest little town in Arizona; the dwellings of frame painted white, with good, substantial frame barns and outhouses; a store in healthy and prosperous condition. We have a good frame meeting house, also white, which is also our school house. Our meetings are well attended, also our day and Sunday schools, not forgetting the prosperous condition of our Primary and Relief Society. The Brown brothers have a steam saw mill in successful operation, to whose enterprise aod 2 energy much of the prosperity of this little credited. town is to , R - Thinking perhaps a tew words from far away might be interesting is why I write. We left St. George the last of Jnne 1883, and after an agreeable visit to Panguitch Lake and various settlements we returned to St. George to the fall conference and soon after bade adieu to our much cherished home, and the Temple and its pleasant associations. We had a very prosperous journey of 500 miles through an indescribable wilderness of sterile barrenness, and came to th is pi ace in good health and spirits, although tired, worn and weary. We jiere found most 'of; our family in some of the "most savage acts ever have been committed bitter branches. Old rather Lindsey, whose locks have been whitened by the blasts of nearly seventy winters, had his house thrown down, after he had been driven from it, his goods corn, etc. piled together and fire put to it, bnt fortunately, after the mob retired, his son exti- nguished it." e CORRESPONDENCE. wit- - ' In the afternoon the statistical and financial reports of the wards were read, and the local ; The dreadful deeds now done in Jackson by-thes- putiio: -- Co.. with impunity, must bring matters to a focu3 shortly. Within two or three weeks-pa- st . nessed - authorities unanimously sustained: after wrnVri several of the brethren--. jpoke-at-somlength,"" -snowing mat tne times in which we live are calculated to educate us in the ways of the Lord, and as we have no friend but our Heavenly Father, we must look to Him alone for' : protection. The general spirit of the conference was.im- provement in all good works, and diligence in the cause of the Lord. E. A. F. witn asses. mui-tiplie- d ... :.. nature tending to deyaffe - -- it becomes structlonse :.of-- a , ce. Yan-kee-dood- Mil and hearers, if;. practiced Much'gt&dt instruction was' given to mothers , on the training of children. Some remarks were made on the proceedings in the District Court nothing but faith and firmness will bear us through this time of trial. by executive Shortly after Captain Atchison informed me that he had just received an order ;from the judge that his company's service was no longer. needed in Jackson County, and we were marched out. of town to the tune of in quick time, and soon returned to our camp without the loss of any lives. (This order was issued by the court, apparently, on account of the speedy gathering of the, old ' mob, or citizens of Jackson County, and their assuming such a boisterous and mobocratic ap 'pearance.) Iii fact much credit is due to Cap-tai- n Atchison for his gallantry and hospitality, and I think I can say of the officers and company that their conduct as soldiers and men is, highly reputable, so much so knowing as I do the fatal result had the militia come, or riot -come; I can add that the Captain's safe return refreshed my mind with Xenophen's safe retreat . of the ten thousand. Thus ends all hope of redress, even with a guard ordered by the governor, for the protection of the court and .. "ll I - i pene-:trate- Before" a crop is harvested III 167 -- by civil law, III N E N T. Early in tho mnrninrr xvo, guarded ) the troops, to the seat of war, and -quartered in the block house, formerly the- tavern stand of S. Flournay. After breakfast we were vwited the District by Attorney, Mr. Keese, and Attorney General Mr. Wells. From them we learned that all hopes of criminal prosecution was at. an end. M:. Wells had been sent by the governor to as far aspossible, the Jackson Co.investigate but the: bold front of the mob, boundoutrage, even unto .death (asjt hayeheard-wa?;n- ot d tobe - i" EXP -- - The times are so big with events, and the of everybody so great to watch them, T 'ilanxiety '.. oiten-e- r mat i ieei somewnat impressed1.to write than I have done, in order to give you more of the "strange acts" of this region. I have just returned from Independence, the seat of war in the west. About a dozen of our brethren, a niong whom were Bishop Partridge, Elder Corrill and myself, were suhpeened in behalf of the state; and on the 23rd of Feb., about twelve o'clock, we were on the bank opposite Everetts' Ferry, where" we found Captain Atchison's com pany of "Li ber t jr BI ues,',l guard- U3 into r MiMtjrr&nkn:mfefip Jackson County. The soldiers were well armed - with United States Muskets, bayonets fired, etc., and to me the scene was "passing strange" and long to be remembered; the martial law in force to guard the civil. - About twenty-fivKen crossed over to effect a landing in safety, and when they came near the warehouse they fired six or eight guns, though the enemy had not gathered to witness the landing! After "we were, all across and waiting for the baggage wagon, it was thought most advisable to en- vamp in the woods, and the.wnnesses, wim umi the company, marched nearly a mile towards Independence, tc build night fires, as we were without tents and the weather cold enough to snow a little! While' on the way the Quarter faster and , others, that had' gone on head to prepare quarters in town, sent an express back, . which was not very pacific in appearance. Captain Atchison continued the express to Col. len for the two hundred drafted militia, and also to Liberty' for more ammunition; and the night passed off. in warlike style, with, the Qtinels marching silently at a proper distance from the watch fires S . . Dear Brethren: OMA N ' II I see " bright and hcavenlj cyea, Tender and bine as yonder ekies; His softlj floating golden hair Hangs oTer his brow so pare and fair. hln - BabyEyanJ, ' " A".-nis little hands, so plnmfe and white, - To Willie' gown are clingfog tight, And coaxing him to play ep Aronnd the irit) where Lee'a asleep. bo-pe- . ..Baby Brant .... . n a' Art 