WOMAN' S EXP ON E NT. lTng texn U shreds, figuratively shaking, tJi ; s tai Terms: r.e $l.tX)- - Ten- sosi-monthl- In y, Silt Late Uiy, UtaY MftT(rir"C2?r ' TT one vvarTlbi. fth corv 1 j -- , regular advertisers. rdne"ftriiiii:: ".'r Hoom ' ' 1 Not-1- , ExroxEST OCice, up stairs, Tloopcr and dredge Block, Main Street, a few doors south of Z. U. M. I. BsBinoes hours froral0 a. m. to 5 p. m. frary day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to ' " . ,, Publisher Woscajj's TLztoxsxt, : J Salt Lake City Utah. TA " HALT " LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY IiKLIGIO-rOLlTICA- 15. 1SS5 . CRUSADE. L Thecrusade against the people of Utah, the original eeliJert, the actual pioneers of this new country, thia Eometlme barren desert, has begun in dead earnest, Judging from the events trans-linnat the present time, and the bitterness r.nd n Ucr teck cf fcbnor that is spparen t on the J rt part cf those" unscrupulous men, who have ?fe?n with zeal, worthy a belter cause, to jinmirulafe the present religious political cam- s, un-i:e- - ppjgn. .: , TLcho efflcera of the law and Jbeir emissaries 70ulJ fain msko peopls believe they are anxious to promote a better condition of society, and mike the country more popular; in fact would elevate" fell who would bs guided by them. VouTd they not then take away the agency of iho individual? If you -- want to believe in it is heresy in the eyes of these official ?;uthoiUite; you have no right to believe in certain thing?, kc;eiy condemns them, and we, the of the United State", will nut submit to ps;p-it. .Then men and women are not to have the right of conscience? This is a free country Inner .H The people of the. United States are outraged by certain forma of marriege! Are not the people of Utah the people of the United States, a part of the body politic? Oae would think not, to hear theee officials .talk! Is not every citizan of the United States entitled to privileges of freedom and religious liberty, and js any man or woman to be condemned, withouS 'duo prccass of law, to any punishment whatso-evsr- ?. Mor-monis- m Tha laws of the United States so read, and we have ever been so taught and we so understand it, but the laws are changed when Mormons are accused; anything Is fair on the side of men who minister the law, any testimony may be taktn aa evidence, or no testimony at all according to the circamstancesjand it requires no proof whatever to deprive a man or woman of Iho right of franchise. Men and women are punished without any evidence being brought of the alleged crime", test oaths are applied to the peopla ia regard to their religion, actual religious rites and ceremonies, and if they will not eubscribe to them they are powerless as to any claim upon their country. They are outcasts in its broadest sense. They have no rights or claims that the country will acknowledge, and men and women, who are by every human right,. Eacrcd or divine, entitled to the blessings be- by -- that glorious instrument of fra m, the Constitution, are being deprived, little by little, of every vestige of libeety, religious cr political. ' Every Amerlcin citizen, whether native bora or naturaLzad, points with pride and confidence to tha C knowing its "grand and sub-- ; lime principles and the religious liberty it guaran-- ; tecs as a safeguard and protection. But It la n, . - wives than one live in the marriage relation with one husband, and are protected, cared for and supported, their children acknowledged,md with.nl havemarital righU and privileges. "Is the way of the world so much higher, morally that they can very well aflbrd to boaat of their refined civilization. To bs sure it is so widely different from the order of plural marrjsge that comparisons are odious, and should never at any time be allowed; but in view of these very punctilious people feeling outraged by the practics of plnral marriage away off in the heart of the American derert, let us pause and consider the misery snd degradation In the City of Washington alone, where these one sided laws are' enacted. We give the testimony of a lady who is a resident of that City, and has Jjfen for many years, who moves in the best sce'ety, whowas an intimate friend of President Garfield, and in fact knows so to speak,. Hear what Washington by heart, v.. : she says: " What is the danger that threatens our fireside? An Invasion from Spain, or France or England? An insult to our flag upon the high seat? Who that has a son or a daughter does not know that the moral pestilence that walks abroad at noonday and poisons the air of night is a more dangerous foe to hi household than hosts of armed men? "Gentlemen of the House of Congress have asked me if I did not know that gathering in these girls from the streets, even though we secure their reformation, would only make room for more; that this evil tea natural and inevitable necessity. May I ask in whose interest this argument is used? Is It for our own sons that this fearful supply must and will be demanded? Or is it for the sons of our neighbors? Surely it U not the intention of the lawmakers, by tacit consent, to deliberately prolvde for the ruin and degradation of their own families. It is folly to suppose that young and ignorant girls and children can be bought 'and sold upon our streets for the worst purposes, and your own households only can be safe and high and pure. ' It is not purely a local evil for which the citizens only are responsible. In the summer and autumn,when permanent residents only are here, this class of grls find themeelea on the verge of 8tsrvation,aud large numbers leave the city. But when Congress assembles, the Immense foreign and floating population, that ever gathers around the capital of a great nation, creates a demand for them, and the keepers of the houses send out their emissaries for new girls. The vagrant girls of Washington are peculiarly national and not local vagranU. Mny of them are brought here young and ignorant, from distant homes by employees of the Government. .Large numbers come in search of employment, and find, as the twenty thousand war widows in New York found, that there is but one employment for women that men are willing to pay for." This Is but a sentence or t wo from the strcng and able argument of thia eminent lady in lf of a "Girl's Reform School." To read the argument in full is enough to make one's blood run eel j, and she gives faots,for as she very apt-l- y sayp, "One fact is worth volumes ot argument.5' But these people do not see theeam that la in their own eye, but observe jwith alarm the little mote they fancy ther ein see afar off in Utah. And is it not true that la this very city, - to-day- - y to pry lata domestic etni-hyato obtrude theiuiejves into the f acred affairs, home circle, that they are men of vile habits, A pertinent question to ask at the present time would be, who supports the palaces of sin in our midst? Who patron'zss the saloon? If l heie questions were answered truthfully It would btf, the mep who have come here to civilize and regenerate the "Mormons," but who are many of them "like ravenous wolves seeking whom they may devour." The real object is money and political influence, and any mean1 will be resorted to that can be made available to make capital out of the "Mormon" question. The persecution ragtag now against this people can be styled nothing less than a crusade agaimt religion for political purposes. What will be gained by it to further theends of office seekers toward place, power, or aggrandizement can -- better be told in the future, but It will most like- - -ly prove m ra disiitrous to them in the end than to the people wh ora they no woppreee; It was so in Mo., it was so In Nauvoo, and In our opinion It will prove the same in this Instance. "Mormoniim" will flourish, the people will prosper, and those who flght against it will fall Into the'plt they have dug for this eople, and be caught in the snares they have taken eo much palm to set fcr those who are trying to keep the commandments of God. ' -- ? . mn ara above the earth. , be-ha- where steeped in Ubsco and whiiy,meik.wbom evry virtuous woman despisfs, and whom shftwould shun as she would a deadly serpent? Yet thee men, under pretence cf finding whether the "Edmunds law is being broken obtrude tbem. eel res into the sacred precincts of homes where the commandments of God are kept, where prayers mi e offered, and where peace a od bappi- nees a bide; what do thsy" caire 1or m orali ty70T" purity, or chastity; they, are after money; they are the tools employed to condemn innocent men and women, and if possible throw them m intoprIaon, break up happy homes and make-thedesolate, ruin the lives and break the hearts of women who areas far above thts executors of the Edmunds law as the heavens are -- -- -- copies for the..! price "of rates: Eddi s . care, tea lint of nonpareil space, one lime, $2.50: per taontli, $3. 00. A llteral tliacoast to - by members of Congress who pais unconstitutional .Jaws, and the executive and Juiicdafynofflclals who administer thenj,wbile they boast sq vigor-cuil- y at the tame time about having the lavs obeyed, and are such sticklers for morality that r EDITORIAL NOTE3. Tng pen sketch of Patty Session' will bs continued in our next issue. Miwutes of Ladies' meeting, held in this city, Feb. 7th, left over for lack of space, will also appear in our next number. The Secretaries of the several organization sin this Stake of Zlon will please remember that re ports must be handed in early In order that the X Stake secretaries of R. 8., Y. L. M. P. A. may have ample time to prepare tbem for the Stake Conference of this Stake of Zion, which will be held previous to the sister's Conference. The 5th cf March li the latest date ' given for .them. 'yySemi-month- . ly The comic opera of Patience will be presented in the Bait Lake Theatre, on Monday evening, Fsb. 23rd. - The performers are all selected from home talent, and - there is every prospect that the performance will be excellent kind, i Prof. Krouse, a thordughlj, educated mnslciaD, who is getting np the affair, is spar-lr- i$ no pains to make the event a perfect success. The names of those who are to take part in the opera are a pretty good guarantee of an enjoyable of-it- s muelcaJ treat and entertainment. "Cherry Lips" is the title of a piece of mnBlc, a grand valse, composed by Prof. A. Andre and published by Diynes & Coaiter of this city, who are really very enterprising young. men in a musical direction. It is one o? a series of musical sketches, which will te "suitable for the gnltar, banjo, piano, organ, violin, mandolin 