f - .'".y V. Vol. : 'The Rights of the Women bf'Zion, and "V- ite Rights' of the Women of all Yuiions SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 14.; 1 No. 13. , 1885. " pel which includes the. law of celestial marriage, and expects' us to maintain it, no matter what may GOD BLESS YOU!" be the sacrifice required. Because of this practice, our fathers, husbands, brothers and sons are : At this peculiar time, when injustice and wrongs THE SECOND WIFE TO HER HUS1UND IN PRISON. of many kinds are inflicted upon this people, and dragged before legalized mobs wrongly called when women and children are compelled to bear courts of justiceand are there sentenced to fine Dear friend, when last, a little space, Yourself and I stood face to face, Ttarge share thereof, it seems to me that a correct and imprisonment,' while we and our children arc compelled to testify against them at the peril of understanding of our situation sh,ou!dbe ascer.: My heart was full of fear and pain, our liberty. At the same time, good and wholetairied if possible, in order that we may be preMy eyes o'erflowed with bitter rain some law is .declared, by these "same courts, insYou laid your hands upon my head pared to meet these constantly recurring circumufficient-to.-beused against our accusors and And low and fervently you said, stances intelligently. We often intuitively recogbless who' are guilty of the foulest crimes "God you!" nize that we are wronged, yet in many instances persecutors, named in the decalogue, and by this means there it would be impossible to make full explanation did low the words and sweet flow, Oh, is turned loose upon society the monogamic liberof the wrongs done to us,and we as often find ourAs summer breezes gently blow, selves powerless to prevent iheir repetition. Our tine, "whose marriage vows' in the language ..of Bat broad as earui, deep as tne sea. Shakespeare, "are false as dicers'oaths, who calls present situation, however, is sfi plain and unmisAnd high as heaven they, were to me; off the rose from the takable, and the outrages committed by our perse-- , virtue hypocrite and takes As pure as, truth, as sweet as love fair forehead of an- innocent ""love," and sets a bliscutors are so apparent,thtrwe"peed ask no question I know they live and shine above ter there;" things, not nVen,who, to hide their own in relation thereto, but it would be welljo ask our"God bless you!" . dishonor and their victim's disgrace, will pay selves, where is the remedy, and is it in out power And God will bless me for your sake, liberally to procurer' mlirder. These acts are to apply it? If we were viewing this subject My grief and pain will wings betake, interspersed with frequent visits to haunts of vice from a standpoint other than a religious one, we And I in grace and truth shall grow, and shame," where :the basest passions run riot should be compelled to reason differently, but the cu.tt' it: r:ur..M.. t.t -- and unchecked. Tbercare yet darkeiispots upon onslaught that is tieing made upo n us at the presAnd iideliv side with vtiu shall rise" the picture tf ent time; as well as the persecutions we have en To greet our Savior in the skks some things are too .horrid to exhibit to the light dured in the past, have been directed against us God bless you!" of day, and were it not that eternal justice desolely on account of our religion. If we would mands it, We would prefer that they should be con- -' O servant of the living God, only yield our religious faith and practices, and, signed to. utter oblivion. But the secret acts of as President Cleveland expressed himself to the Pursuing now the ways He trod., : men must be revealed., and when they are we can late delegation, who were sent to represent the Approaching step by step the door easily imagine with what vehemence these corrupt true situation here, Become as they rtthere would Through which to shire His throne and power, beings will call upon the rocks and mountains be no further collision, no arrests, no convictions, Accept from me this echo sweet, As I your precious words repeat, upon them, arid hide them from the face of no fines, no imprisonments, but everything would ' "God bless that Pure One, who will pronounce their eternal you!" run smoothly along, for I believe the old adage DALTON. Lu doom. i to be correct, ''That the Devil takes care of hfs . If men of God will only come down to the level own." we can then be spared the The practice of plural marriage by us we know of these HOPE ON. to be in perfect harmony with the laws which painful necessity of testifying against them, for they will then be no longer accused and convicted. govern.our earthly being, and consequently the on! donot Hope despair, To become like them seems to be the only alternavery opposite to that immorality which is charged its did errand well.". Hyperion In this extremity, my tive left short of a prison. against us, and we defy the philosophical world dear sisters, what shall we do? Shall we counsel to prove to the contrary, while its social influence To ONE WHO WROTE "FAREWELL TO LOVE.' our loved-one- s t? surrender in any degree to is so far superior, to that which grows out of the avoid imprisonment, and thus secure to ourselves monogamic relations, that it should never be "Nevermore will I adore thee" their society and their care ? Let me answer for' named in the same connection; and viewed religO'er and o'er I read them slowly, every true daughter of Zion throughout these Words of loneliness and grief, iously, its tendency is elevating in . the highest de- T .1. many ot my sisters in tne out mountains, and I know the answer will find an Of dark despair and bitter woe. gree. l know mat echo in every true woman's heart. Maintain the side world will take issue with me upon this point,In those words of bitter meaning law of God at every cost. Let prison doors close but let them remember that they can only reason 1 could see the soul's deep writhing, upon our sires, our husbands, our brothers and upon this subject theoretically, while I speak from I could see thy torn heart bleeding. until God shall say it is along experience both with myself and others, our sons, one by one,, Crushed with its despair and grieving. enough. In the meantime we will work and pray and I know whereof I speak. If I might be alancT hope until those same prison doors are open,' Other hearts than thine have beaten lowed to assume the role of prophetess I would and we have restored to us our nearest treasures, With a love as warm and true. predict that before many decades "pass, away the Other hearts than thine lie riven, laws in favor honored of God, revered of-- m inland thrice, legislatofs of this nation Bereft of all their warmth and glow. precious to us because of their unswerving integriof plural marriage, instead of passing cruel measty. This is the only Way whereby we can help to ures against its .practicefor they will then have And many a heart, were it laid bare preserve to future generations this higher law b To the cold world's cruel gaze, recognized its superiority. which perjains to the eternal lives, ordained by To establish the true order of God even in relaWould show a scar deep hidden there, God to be bestowed upon His faith tal Saints. Which time could never more efface. tion to any one principle has always met with the While I am satisfied that God will do His part, most direct opposition, and has required courage But yet, hope on! my friend, hope on! still if we can at all help ourselves h it not our imof the most heroic character to maintain; while Let thy soul be not bowed down; on the other hand mankind have easilyand alperative duty to do so? Most certainly it is. I n Remember that the darkest hour this connection allow meto suggest a remedy. We most imperceptibly drifted away from the true Is just before the early morn. have for years past teen sustaining a class of indiorder, andhave always found outside of it enough viduals who were eager for Mormon ducats, and to fully gratify the baser passions. The restraints Keep thy mind a priceless jewel, Far above reproach or shame, who have professed great friendship for us, 'but at imposed by the Tormer are not demanded by the Let thine aim be high and truthful, the very first opportunity they have shown the latter in hardly any degree, thus proving the truth And from despondency refrain. of the Savior's words "Strait is the gate and cloven foot, fraternizing and joining in with our bitterest enemies in' persecuting us to the utmost narrow is the way which Ieadelh to the lives, and And should the fickle goddess, love, ' few enter there; while wide is the'gate and broad.' ot their power, using our money to sustain. a foul Still coldly ever turn from thee, is the way that leadeth to the deaths, and many go. sheet that is published in our principal city, whose Calm thou thyself, seek help above, --'In thereat." venality and diabolism is too well known .to need Accept thy fate as God's decree. I. H. God has given to us a dispensation of the Gos- - any comment whatever. I am satisfied the time For the Ex-po- n ext. IS THERE' ANYTHING WOMEN CAN DO IN THE PRESENT EMERGENCY? -- -- to-fal- l ' base-creature- . . 1 - will-ena- -- ct -- - f 