WOMAN'S 88 EXPONENT. '..'..' - three cupfuls of flour, three teaspoonfuls of baking powder, Burnett's Extract of Almond, and the whites of eight eggs and - sugar to M ix . the beaten to a froth, f and half of the flour add the milk, then half the beaten eggs, then the other half of the flour and eggs, then the baking powder, which - has been well mixed with the flour, and should always be sifted; flavor to last with almond flavor, make in one loaf, and bake in a medium oven about one hour and ten minutes. 1646. when the women of Brerrenz. the canton to which she belonged, . U Curiae " mcuncuw. was firt"nsed in 1 , VlCtOriOUSi . . repciicu i , "The census of 1885 gives the whole'number of women in Massachusetts as lOOJO. lhere rft fifi.fi07 more women than men in the State. census returns of This is an increase since-th: 1880 of 402." e Kiss Cakes. One pound- - orfiohrTelght ounces of but ter, eight ounces of currants, two ounces of sugar, and one teaspoonful of Burnett's Extract of Lemon. Mix the flour and sugar, and make it into a smooth paste with water, but do not make it very wet. Roll out three times, and spread "in the butter as for pastry. Roll it very thin, and cut into round or square cakes, spread half of them very, thickly with currents, press the others gently on the top, so as to form a sandwich, and bake in a quick oven till of a light brown. If preferred; jam may be used in'' stead of currants. ' "The City in which municipal suffrage has just been granted to women is xuauraa, uul xuuuim, as was erroneously stated in the telegraphic So much the worse lor juaaria, desDatches. and so much the better for Madras. " The total r.umber of and girls over ten years of age in the United States is 2,647,157. This number doe3 not include the unpaid domestic labor in the home, which is done by the wives, 8isters,and mothers, who are said to be 'supported' by their male relatives. The census enumerates these women among those "employed in no gainful labor." Boston Transcript. , ltn Died, at Union, September 28th, ofjtyj)hoid,. fever, Annie Jensen, daughter of Mons and Ingre Jensen, aged sixteen years and four months. Though not a member of our association, having just eome from Europe, her" desire was to unjte ..with us after We bow in humble submissionrand feel to her sickness. O Lord, be done," and we, the V. L. of will, say, "Thy feel to condole with her father and mother, brother Union, and sisters, and. may they be strengthened and comforted to know that theirr loved one was called home after reach ing the valley of these mountains, where a- - work can be performed for the living and the dead. We say, "Rest, dear sister, Annie, where you were so beautifully laid away. tillyou shall come forth in the resur rection of the just." She .was borne from her home to the warehouse by six young ladies dressed in white, and we feel she was w orthy ot the respect shown her. Farewell till the resurrection morn. . n Elia, Flaxman, Stothard, Professor Smyth, - HOUSEHOLD HINTS. Mary JA2vE3 for R.UMSEYf? celebrated LIFTand FORCE Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders frost the country promptly responded to. COT. ferAiiresi. tATO JAlfZl. Box 3D5, CAIT .J-Age- nt PTJMP.3. they jure turning, scald 'and return to the jars. a cupful of butter, one cupof a cupful of Tnilk7 ful oL sugar, three eggs, three teaspoontulls of baking powder, flour to thicken, and flavor with Burnett's Extract of Lemon. Mix and bake ' in one loaf. sf -- rs Sauce for Padding. Two large cupfuls brown sugar, one large cupful butter, one tcacupful wine, and a little of Burnett's Extract of Rose. Boil the sugar and wine to-- , - Mother Stringam has five living children, sixty-si- x grandchildren, sixty-fiv- e and many near , and dqar friends to mourn her loss. : ; funeral services were held in the meeting house A Good, Sponge Cake. Into a froth made of seven eggs "The which was well filled. Erastus Snow preached the Apostle and two toacupfuls of sugar, stir two of flour, funeral followed discourse, mixed with a teaspoonful of salcratus and two of cream of by W. II. King, of Filmore Mother this life without a stni-g- le Stringam "of departed tartar. Flavor with a teaspoonful Burnett's Extract oT wjth full a of a hope . glorious resurrection, and on her deathLemon or Almond. bed bore a powerful testimony to the truth of the Gospel Christmas Cake. One pound of flour, half pound of Kate Stevens, Asst. Secretary R. s.' currants, half pound of butter, half pound of sugar, two teaspoonfuls baking powder, three eggs, half a pint of It is with deep regret and feelings of sorrow that we milk. Mix the baking powder thoroughly in the flour, the death of our most esteemed Marie sister, Lindeloff then rub in the butter, add . the sugar, currants and flavorvho departed this life- Oct. l83 5,h: at her the beat residence and mix in the with them ing, eggs milk, and after Flam Oty, Weber Co., Utah. after one them all thoroughly together bake in a suffering week with mixing prepared congestion of the lungs. tin in a moderate oven; add two teaspoonfuls of Burnett's Deceased was born at -Tirop, Sweden; on the Extract of Lemon. August, l8a3. Baptized into the Church of Jesus Chrilt Gold Cake. Qne and one-hacups of sugar, of a cup of butter, one-ha- lf cup of milk, the yolks of eight eggs, three cups of flour, three teaspoonfuls of baking powder, and two teaspoonfuls of Burnett's Extract of Vanilla. Mix th sugar and butter to a cream, add the eggs, then the milk, and lastly the flour in which the bak"t," a ery weakly woman seemed wor, well has been tins cake must be well . mixed; ing powder aadmany limcs ta ' " Finallv only do stirred, bake in one cake, in a medium oven, about one a S l th HospL hour. Deseret , gether, then add the butter and Burnett's Extract of 1868. JL9 SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF Notions, Groceries Dry Goods, HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, r Ann-Sma-rt. in Ilolden, Oct. 9th, 1885, of old age, roily Stringam, wife of the late George Stringam. Sister Stringam was born in Broom Co., New York, April 3rd, 1803. She embraced the Gospel in the year 1832, and strove to keep its precepts by being truthful and exemplary in herlaily life, and was among first who the jthe joined Relief Society- - in Nauvoo, and has been an active member in the different settlements where she has been a resident. She was loved by all who knew her for her kind, motherly ways; her mind was always reaching out to do good. She loved to speak1 of the goodness of God, and convene on the principles of life and salvation. She donated freely to the poor, and was ever on hand to do'good. ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL ; TOOLS AND IMPLE- - MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS," CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. Jt" We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any boase In the west. H. S; ELDREDGE, Supt. Special to the Ladies. -- Nut-me- g. n, " coffee-cupful- s , re-co- rd lf three-quarte- rs mtojfii? t AT. TEASDEL'S the and WUl be f ound . Silver Cite. One and a cupful of butter, one-ha- lf three-quarte- rs cupfu's of suw, one-haof a cupfufof'milk,- for nine months DWX and patron: lf S - mourned ' She was vcr aIw5 corted pi oductiona in . . . And an elegant assortmenf of Q-- O (DID S: Special department for Ladies' Aliases' and In- -' ant's Shoes. .112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street. F. Auerbach & Bro. A Full and 'Jomplete Stock of. MILLINERY, Spring and Summer Goods AND those who ch beloved bv both officers latest styles LACES, RUCHES. EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, - where m ni sl: 6z CO., - -ZDj&TVXJD ' TIHNERS, CASjWATER & STEAM FITTERS Died, Preserves Good, rut them in jrtone jars or vessels of piss, earthern or stoneware; cover tightly and keep in a cool, dry place. I,ook at them every month; if To Keep thrcs-quarte- there-lation- . Malthus, Joanna Baillie, Ram Mohun Roy, and many others whom she had known in early T life." Thrce-quartersi- -- nd Editor Exponent: Years," which abounds in anecdotes and recol-lections of such persons as Coleridge, S. Rogers, Crabb, Robinson, George Dyer, the G. I), of Loaf Cake. . ESTAB LIS II ED OCTOBER, niece of Lucy Aiken, the historian, and a Gilbert granddaughter of the Wakefield, names which recall a long-pas- t literary generation- - Though not a writer by profession, she had a ready and graceful pen, and wiil be remembered as the author of a memoir of Mrs. Barbauld, and of a. more well-know- . Vears :been a mnu faithful teacher in the Keiiei oocieiy in mis piace, ne.r house was always open for meetings and business of the earnest and indefatigable laborer in Society. She was an the cause she had espoused, diligent and faithful in all her benevolent to the poor, charitable to the duties, krad-ain all errin?, meek and humble in spirit, exemplary of .lifewi th an. unfaltering -- faith .inGod and her who knew her, and died religion. She was beloved by all in the Lope of a glorious resurrection, to inherit eternal life in the mansions of the just. Almira Raymond, President, M. A.'W. Spiers, Secretary. till vearr-fas-- ti- nf?land-in-her-seventv-ei2f- . OBITUARIES. "Mrs. Le Brenton, who died recently in " iirhthtlvso - . - in consequence of and patients, and expressed great regret, ST UDIES DRESS TRMIItGS. CALL AND EXAMINE, . 