W OM ICO arnme ourselvesTtoriefiTifrwe a re obeying all the commands of God. If we wish to be crowned we must be faithful. I hadrather- myJifti-woulthnrdriyone princifeel of to bless youfor you our faith. I ple " blessed. are be-tak- d err Auer singing', ana ueaeuicuoa oy outer man, conference adjourned till 2 p.m. -.y- -- usual an'tT 'exlrcweitoi-siogin- g fmUj-GijlatC-fde- - lay- with the ' '" pray er. a fovy remarks, -- : - our-home- . kill the body. This may be the last time that I shall if so, all meet with you, but is right I am in tne nanas 01 i?atner. Sisler Snow Smith'said, When we arise to speak we need not say we feel weak, it 13 natural; we should not boast of our strength. These Societies will be glorious. We stand as helpmf.ets to the Priesthood. What sort of of "all wopeople should;we be? At mankind; it 13 enough to humble us to the earth. I feel as though I wanted to bow at the feet of the Savior. I feel to mourn over a sister that goes astray, and to shield me from every spirit except the Spirit of God. The hand of the. Lord is apparent in these persecutions and He will overrule them for our good,' our greatest trials often become our greatest blessings. Let, us pray without ceasing, we can lift up our hearts to Him in prayer while at work. We want to educate our children spiritually, mentally and morally, that r they may become men and women of God, Ivraan made a few remarks, then Br. John said, I can truly say tbat I have been pleased with the remarks of our aged sisters. Said we should never cease-t- o learn, but keep on progressing. Let us keep our covenants. We do not know how long the Lord will suffer, this" cloud to hang over us; but there is light beyond t he clouds. I ho city or Lnoch wa3 composed of those ojnjeJicxirLand&mind,.and- we cannot be like them until we are more united. The devil is raging because we are trying to build up the kingdom of God. Be firm; we will not give up one principle of our faith. We are in the hands of our Father. Choir sang, "How firm a foundation, ye saint3 of the Lord." Conference adjourned for three months. .. Benediction . by Prest. . David John. " ... -t- Caroline Daniels, Sec. CORRESPONDENCE. - Richmond, Feb. 1 0, 1885, Fditor Exponent: Many, tim s have I resolved on writing a few lines about our Relief Soriety, but as procrastination 13 the thief of time so it has been my bane in this regaid. Not because we have no regard for our valuable paper, in which are so many god things, all tending to the one th e Hn cd ora : ESTABLISHED OCTOBEU, stfengtneners ot our iaith m Ilia holy com niandments, knowing, learning that when He savs as thy day thy strength shall be, 'tisnot said in vain; every day, nay, every hour, He shews forth to His people, if they will lean 011 HJm iq the hour of distress, He is there, and that for to bless, comfort and cheer. The communications we read in our paper all tend to make our hearts : glad, kno wi v g that pur God is no respecter of persons, but all who will learn of His ways aud walk in His paths snau partaKe oimis loving care.1 I will relate one circum3tanpp nf mv IfU- Soon after I joined the Church in England, being the only one of my family that had joined, afterwards my aunt and mother yielded obed to the truth, I was the only girl of a family of boys, who were very much put out at Pnlvaamr" Saints. my jofnin? the Latter-da- was not taught then. I heard that it was to be taught the next week, it was a great shock to me, for I. felt it was opposed to my feelings and how could I facey my brothers at such a tune. The members of the Church talked to uie,but 'twas to no purposejthey at last told me to ask the Lord aud He would give me a testimony, Very earnestly I prayed that if the doctrine was true He would convince me of it, for I could not fight within and without. In . twohou rs from given to me that it was true! That was over thirty years ago, I have never doubted that principle, but came to Zion and lived in it,and had my varied experience; 'twas true then, 'ti3 still true, and God will fight our battles if we live near unto IJira. He has promised that He will make the wrath of man to praise His holy name; the rest restrain. us Let Jilt up our hearts cQntinnallyrt God will hasten the time when that prayer righteousnessshall reign and wickedness cease. God bless all Israel. Yours truly in the covenant, " B M. B. ; P. S. Our Relief Society as, a whole is doing well. Our president and her aids strive to together for the" best good of the whole, if any suffer it is because they do not make their wants known. Our reports were considered satisfactory. We are having rather dull times here; cash very scarce, but we are striving for our course to be upward and ." :: ,.. nn h el Da to build-tir- r hianifetiousof -- ' - II " n I 1 j IMrnKTEUS "AND JOBBERS OF v . HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS ANb QUEENSVVARE, ELEGANT CUT OLASa, AGRICULTURAL T(X)LS AND IMPLEMENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, . PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, "(IARPETBAND Xtsr We carry a and more complete Stock than any house in the west. H. Hrgr 3. ELDREDCE, Supt. l 1 Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will be found tho latest styles and pxoductiona ' in -- And an elegant assortmenf of IDE IT on-war- d. ' r, provl-dence.o- ODS: Silks! Home-Mad- e Silk Dress Goods, Ottomans, Gros-Brains. Rrocadcd'miI "Plain Sail hinnd Grenadines; also Handkerchiefs, Home-9fad- e For Sale at Died, at Fremont, Piute Co., Utah, Augusta L. Taj-lodaughter of James A. and Louisa Taylor, Feb. 10, 1385, aged Bix years, six months and fifteen days. At a meeting of the Fremont Primary Association tha following resolutions of respect were'adopted: , Whereae, by an irrevocable decreo of an alwiae worthy young sister, Augusta L , has been taken from oar midst, Resolved, That we condole with the bereaved family and friends, in the loss of their dear one, not, however, without tho consoling reflection that she will come forth in the morning of the first resurrection. Resolved; That this be made a matter of record In the Primary Association, and a copy be" presented to the parents of deceased, and also sent to the Woman's Ex s ponent for publication. And, whmas she was always a willing and active member of our Association, we, tho members of the same, feel to make and accept these resolutions of re" spect and condolence. MARQiRET J. Tatlor, Presldeut, Sarah A. At.dbb, Secretarr. C3-- 0 - Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Infant's Shoes. r' 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street. On Tuesday, Feb. 24th, the chair laid before OBITUARY. . LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, co-opera- te the United States Senate a memorial from the Massachusetts Woman Suffrage Association praying that Congress may take steps to prohibit the disfranchisement of citizens of the United States on account of sex. - ' . Hs-wil- . 1868. SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. . he-head etc.-Siste- creat object, as EX? O N E NT;' 7 7 -- N 'B j who said she would much rather listen thin speak, but felt to respond to every call. If we did not know that" God was at the helm we would feel discouraged. I feel the I033 of our her kis3 of welcome. But the Lord 13 just as able to endow Sister John, and she has borne the burden alone for a long time. I pray the - Lord to bles3 each apdl every one' with His f nlrif Sisters Tanner and Bringhurst followed with - remarks appropriate for the occasion, and they v were followed by Mother Duke, saying, it is a pleasure, my sisters, to behold your faces once , j j the young people's conference; said the Lord was working with them. Reviewed our posi- tinn nt NVinvnn nf ffip rrripf nf tlio cainfa n 'flip dpftth nf t.hft Prnnhpl And Pf rinrpK nf nup beiner. driven from s, but said wo- i ' Manufacturers' Prices, by MRS. B. P. MUSSER, - Second House South of Silk Fadtory, Canyon Rjai: r Auerbach & Bro. ur A Full and Complete Stock of MILLINERY, Sprin? and Summer Goods Ind udies dress trimmings. tsar CALL AND EX A,MIE. IDJTXID JAMES & CO., TINNERS, CASjWATER & STEAM FITTERS Agent for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FORCE Pumps Repaired on sbort notice. Orders irom the country promptly responded to. vrkiixm, CiTIS IUlZ3,lx 3;S,9iI? LiirIXT. . PUMP15. 