EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 72 EST AB LIS II K D OCTOBER, 1868. attended an .'ahnual'.HieeUng,Drti:W; A. in lVovidence, and we had a very pleasant and interesting time. "I I r .7.1 v)ve, a 'daughter o frt lie ; late Set If M. JJlair,:hasi faithfully and efficiently presided over the Association oyer sincejts organization, but her many increasing cares and responsibilities .rendering it advisable, with the consent of the Bishop of' the ward, who was present, she ten ( ercd ' her ' resignation, and Miss Era i ly Theurer was chosen to fill the vacancy, with Mary A. MarJer and Emma Hammond as E. II. S S. Co u nsciors.: ... . ... words used that I had prcsenty.j 'to me In meditation. Jt makes me foe) well to" realize there are some who have the same '.hope-anr " feelings I have. I am living my religion all I can. I want to do what my Father 'tells ine to do; I want to )2 one of His good sons. I am very thank' ful for hi loving kindness to me" of. late. I want to come home, for I have something to attend to yet in the holy hotHe of the L'frd, which was predicted on my head at confirmation-, and I .shall, come to see you in Zion the - first chance; Ishall not wait for. accon.3 ope. My )ra'yerd are all the time for the faithful.. .1 will here state that some time back I felt in trouble foryou. -- My paper failed lo come, I wondered what was wrong.JLt ho ugh t the skull dragons were giving vmi some trouble. I you and give you His prayed for God enable to "you to stand the trials, Holy Spirit if any had comedo you, but I learned that you were stiirgomg aneai, as usual, in your good work; and may God bless the worthy sisters who are laboring in this heavenly work, is my 13. M. V. humble prayer. "T, Ji.6 SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. 1 a-- s IMPORTERS ; . Goods, Hol ions, Groceries " "Mothers-a- pains to train .their children and pupils into good habits of enunciation. They are carefully " GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLE- IN MEMORIAM. MENTS, Dir.n, at Ijer residence, in the 1 8th Ward, in Salt Lake, Sundiyr Set)teiritjer 1 3, at naif past one o'clock, '.Mrs. Mary Sloan widow of the late K. L. Sloan, wejl known A Pi 11 MARY FAIR. Sevier Co., Utah, September 1 th and 1 2th, 1885, commencing at nine o'clock a.m. Friday, and closing at four o'clock p.m. .Saturday. It being harvest time, and the people being so busy with labor, was mostly the cause of the Fair not beiug a "sueeess.' There were several settlements not renresented, hence there was not as good a showing as we all aniiei-pateand'' hoped ir, vet great praise-isdue those that were interested in preparing articles for the Fair Among the most noticable articles were the following: ' Rugs, milts, tidies, ornamental baskets, a very nice cross, home, made hats, a home made carpet, zephyr lowers, some very pretty dressed dolls and other fancy work; also wheelbarrows, ladders,, etc.; some wagons,, vegetables, raised by the little boys, and some cooking, done by the little girls, which Was excellent. On Friday evening a free dance rvs extended by the citizens of Monroe, in behalf .of the visitors, which was very jleasant,-an- d every body present teemed to Cnjoy themselves." Great credit is 'due the committee, and those that were interested in making the Fair a pleas- HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, taught to sing, but they are not carefully taught to read and speak; yet more than half the charm of all social intercourse depends upon the agreeable use of the voice' to-help- JitakeJMiniiryEairva.sdiehl4iiMonrf)e7 f teachers do not take much nd AND JOBBERS OF " l"rii County Down, Ireland, July 3rd, 1835. She was married to Edward L- Sloan .when seventeen years of age, and has been trie rnotheruf eleven .Ichddrav, FJght number having gone before her to the hostsinnumerable behind, the vail, three are now-lef- t join to mourn the loss of one of the kindest and most in- d dulgent mothers that ever lived. Robert' W., her eldest son, is now on a mission to Ireland, where her' aged father is still living.. Maggie, the only surviving daughter, and Edward L., a younger sonare the two left at home, and to them the loss is heavy indeed, as well as to the one who is absent, but the Lord can" and will them, if they go to him for consolation. Mrs. Sloan was one of those quiet, .unpretending women, who live in the hearts of their friends,, and are best known for their good and kindly deeds in their own neighborhoods. She "was generous and noble :.in principle, affectionate and charitable, in feeling, and was always found doing good to those who stood in need of sympathy or comfort tender and delicate in her way of ministering to those in need. The fnneral services were held at the Eighteenth Ward" -Chapel, Bishop O. F,. Whitney conducting the services.- The speakers were her particular friends Hon.' John T. ;Caine, 'Elder McGhee. the Bishop and Counselor Robert Patrick who all had words of praise, and spoke of her with ant one., and affection. The respect singing by the ward choir was ' A member of the Primary, s when very : f,.od, especially they rendered the sublime Na xcy iN "KBEkKiir:":11 7T to hymn, "Nearer, my God, Thee,;1 etc. Te benediction Richfield, Sep. 3rd, 1885. wa3 pronounced oy. ruaer jonn iMchoison. It seemed to it; quite appropriate; in connection with this death; to- publish "the"" beautiful "poem "At TO A GENT I LE LADY Rest," composed by her son since he left home, while walking in one of those old graveyards in his mother's native land. .MRS. .EMILY .SCOTT, 01" 01110. - .. ttsT .We carry a larger and mora complete Stock (ban Ruy house In the weet. H. S . ELDREDG E, S u p t. Special to the Ladies. AT foundTEASDEUS ' ll ...-Wi- the latest styles and ptoductions in be good-nature- : ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. Crawfords-burn,- . in - CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ailing since last fall, yet, 'although so long afflicted, her death w is very- su.idcn and unexpected,.. Deceased was 1 CLOTH AND CLOTHING, I PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, becrr Ji(TCjiaricdjtormd . LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant asRortmenf of X)E,"Y" G-OOD- S; .Special department for Ladies' Misses' Shoes. V , and In--ant's . L 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street. " F. Auerbach & Bro. 7 Full and 'Jomplete Stock of A MILLINERY. - " " .. ' :-- ST - Your sensible letter, in the Kxponcnt of August the 1st, was Interesting to many beside I was well pleased with it, f r I thought you wi re a true Democrat and could see no crime .nor disgrace in plural marriage. You say you think, sometimes, of going to the Mormons and writing you r lectu re abou t the Gentiles. I would be sure to go, and if you-arafraid of the persecution guinu: uri;thrre Jio wy ou can (i nd funic ve ry g.hl '.M or nu n s i u Alabama that would be gbiil to sre you. Write again for the Exponent, or adtlress, myself. .Ions Alabama, Augu.-- t l M. !U'--:i;i.- i It with feelings of sorrow" that we record th death of Mary Ann Brown Warr, of the First Ward of this city, who deparlcd this life on Sunday, August 30th, 1885, ' in her forty-firs- t year, and we recognize! in - the" dath Of our lister the losof a worthy member and efficient ' " "' !ay S.iin!. 7" Now she's gone, we'd not recall hcr From a paradise, of bliss, Where no evilxan befall her, To a changing world like'this. TRIMHINGS CALL AND EXAMINE. ' A CLASS - ' UK II MIDWIFERY. (MGGiE C SHIPP WILL COMMENCE HER . . - ZDJTIJD JAMES Com. , cSc CO., RFMSEY'S celebrated IJFTand FOIlCB ttio country promptly resjndeci to -- Aliri5i, IA7I3 JAVZ:, E 3C5. CA1I CiassinMidwifory, SEPT. 23, '8-- 5. Every advantage and attention will bo given itudents TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS On the 20th iust., iu company with JSisinv Sarah Mr lumbal Fa ud Eflzabeth Towhscnd, I LADIES DRESS is teacher and we deeply sympathize wi.h the bereaved family in the .ltoSiif.an:aiTect . Editou Exponent: 1-- AND SiMer 1HS5. 1, " OBITUARY. i - Spring and Summer Goods UXZ C1TT. to secure their rapid advancement and proficiency in " their studies. Tuition per Term, Books, - $10.00. 13.00. Office and Reeideace, 34 Seventh Eart Btreet. 