WOMAN'S1 MINIS CENCES. OF THE Y.L.M. - CONFERENCE. t-- A. - EXPONENT. 71 Coun. Jane Cowan expressed .herself as grati- Among those invited were the leading brethren or wre ward, and ouile a number of sisters' IrheiLwith all that hud Wwn and thanked ii otner ot parts the city. Alter Singiif wthose ;wno. had assisted towards preparing was prayer as also the eJferedby Coun. McMurrain; then Hnd -- arranging for the brethren and ristera,w'ho were the invited guests, singincr, v x. rest. .Fletcher made a few for responding to the invitation, and those oneum? remarks. "the to the difficulties trouble who had SOokeil for their and of referring fnnnspl nnt. words of comfort and. encouragement. present day; Ihe heed cf faith and union. Sister Phebe W. Woodrujf thought these jiiiuer Jioyai xoung sam, among many, were trying times, but after ra time these other good things, that he hoped to remain on trouble:1 would disperse and eave us peacef the deck of the good ship Zion whatever and quiet, dQ we would only be firm and hold storms mightarise. Thought there ..were a on to the iron rod: great many things worse than dying for our Sister Elizabeth Howard said this was a ad reli'don. Praved that God would increase our in consequence of the trials through faith and firmness, and if we. were united all which we were passing; "but yet, these days would be weil, and we would be able to con-- " are glorious; the prophecies are being fulfilled, oner, for the promises Lord could not ' and we know that whatever comes, we are sure fail. '771 " to conquer." Thought we should exercise our Bro. Johii Conelly made some very interest- s.-d- d . - On he 19th of September I was priviku to attend thrs .conference m the r ourteenth and it was a time of Ward Assembly Rooms, r O I relrestnng to me, ior 1 nad not, neen reeling well tor some days, ana leit inert, ana in a meditative moodand it required some moral courage to make the visit,, but at.two o'clock-found myself seated in the roora,and survey ing a goodly number or young girls, all looking the: personification of youth, which, in its self; is beauty. Ihey were all sweetly dressed, and X the same, a panorama of the future viewed as of those young people seemed to open before me, and caused myrheart to nil up with eon- 1 . 1 1 -- , They,, all unconscious of their impending destiny probably not giving it a thought,; though there might be some ..Junius uiuwu iuu) a leiiecuvu nioou me iaei. that thev wire there "in session" proved they were living members, and in the present age of apathy 'and indifference, among many of our young people, that is saying much. The choir was select, .and the hymns impressively ren 1 think it was .the Eighth Ward dered. choir. Sister Dougal presided in the unavoidable Mrnding-emotio- -- ns. " re-unio- n, - a-c- . j. 1 re-unio- 1 1 n, of-th- ' ' ; : ; . faith, and offer-uprayers for those who are in bonds and in prison , and for.all, that they may'' stand linn to their integrity,, whatever may come, etc. Sister E. B. .Wells spoke of the educational" advantages we enjoy through the organizations; the strength it gives to our faith; of the pro- . j lienediction by Elder to the trumpeters," etc. Royal Barney. - . After tho close of the meeting, a sumptuous repast was partaken of, tables Jiaving,been set in the hall, antl beautifully ornamented with flowers of thV choicest varieties the gift of gress- hiclrrhTrdhi" "lro. bamuel leasdel. Alter supper theue was sisters; of the bountiful, harvest, and the great nuisic and songs by the young ladies, and, we d must not forget to mention the charming young plenty the Saints en joyed; of the exit from abseii.ee. xf iS iste'r Freeze,-a- n (Lshe fill ed- -t he-the- ees ajn-taWinter of girls m white aprons, who wafted upon the expei ten ;'.chair admirably. She is indeed her father's etc. tables with such ' grace and dignity. All was resembles in him and features and Sister E. S.Tavlor alluded, in her remarks, arranged in perfect order, and every one daughter, be sire and far that of to the trials the sisters had gone through, and seemed to realize that the spirit of the.Loid proud physique, may more than if her brow was encircled by the the noble sacrifices they had willingly made brooded over the assembly. coronet of a countess. for principle, and spoke of the women of Zion Her words to the young people were words a3 the very best upon the face of the earth. CORRESPONDENCE. of rarest affection and wisdom. I feel' that Spoke ofthc trials the brethren are now called they did fall in good ground, and-wi- ll bring to pass through, and the opportunity of test- forth sweet fruit. inir their lnteirntv. Pittsburg, Pa-- , September loth, 1885. Miss Colebrook spoke with touching earnest Sister B. W. Smith said it seemed very hard B. Wells: . , for oUr brethren to have to go to prison, "out Mrs. E. ness, giving some of her youthful experience, and it was an epitope of the experience of a it'is. not so bad as it rwas in times past, when Dear Sister It i 5 with feelings of pleasure .Latter-dais a int. write to you once more. It always that young they had to leave their families destitute. ReSister E. Taylor spoke, as she always does, ferred .to incident of her own experience in .affords me joy to commune with those who 1 of to' edification hearers her th enrlv davs of the church; the times of have obeyed the Gospel in iti fulness, and the visely,and felt J would have loved to hear some of those mobbings in Missouri, and contrasted it with have been partakers of that Holy Spirit which Hows on those who strive to live by its teachour condition now, etr. , young voices adding their intellectual norcc-uto the delightful spiritual treat. I shall live Sister M. T. llorne spoke of punctuality, ings; those only can realize the same who are on a hope that we shall yet be so gratified, for and of humi!ity,and kecking the Sabbath Day in possession of the same, and when I address it would certainly add very much to the ina" few hues to those who are in connection holy. Said the Lord always warned the peoterest cf the meeting, though all was good, and' ple, with this Church, it seems to me like writing His servants, of any judgments through a heavenly spirit prevailed the assembly. I that were home, formvdieart and fcelings'are with them; coming upon them, and illustrated feel these Associations, with the Primaries, are her remarks bv Scriptural quotations, and the. ancl when I read that worthy paper, the Exmuch schools arc that relating of instances when God had made ponent, and read the pieces therein from the good. They effecting ..... Jl i v., ii cultivate the minds of alhwho attend them are making, ir special, announcements, and had given the neo- - Msiei, .uuu me jjrogress both children and officers. I al ways feel that many times ask God to bless tliem. 1 feel re- pie an opportunity of escape by listening to I gain some instruction, or some information 7 the voice of His servants. Exhorted the sh tlr jhejx-i-a- t -a n d- -I -h ten a H. no hie coin!;) iui i cations co i i tained tii ere ... I pray-t ters to falthiuiiiess and diligence In prayer and :' ot' both- sexes will realize "the importance of : have learned many ide s on the principles of good works. themselves this Church from that source. enrolling among so goodly a comCoun. McMurrain occupied a short time; for the are and the smile With being so long absent from the Saint3, there, pany, angels spoke of the crusade and its object, and ex and approbation of our God, is upon them having no on to ask questions of, and some his good feelings toward the Relief So pressed When I left the room, I felt well and strong, principles which lad not been explained to ciety, and his determination to prove true to me and my spirit as elastic as any one in that aswhile associated uith them, I am proud to his integrity in keeping the commandments of imbibed the sweet I influence as I have had 'explanations of doctrine from the state sembly. God. Referred to Prest. Hcber C. Kimball's tii e sis ters 0 f th is Gh ure!r. 1 m;i t i n j ust ice raagnet inflaences the.needle...Wiiaiinor6.. we w.TuIi ail nave trials enough, as saying need we have than such healthful make honorable in:nLi of on: to whom I testimony Felt that lie owe many as we ave. able to effects upon our systems? Oh! let us not only a debt of gratitude Si-t.Helen Mar. had ndt.had.inanv- - as vet, but hoped to have C received sfng that heavenly song, "Nearer, my God, to From her Whitney.light and p:o faith and courasre when most needed and "iiold Thee," but actually try to live so that wTe may on .to '.'the. iron for many years, I was in rod," and all would be Well. instruction, which, indeed attain that . proximity. ignorance of, and for which I have been: seek- - -Said. many other good things. ,. Hannah T. King. ieg, and, on arriving at a;, knowledge of A. Bro. he Smifh be able to 7, hoped ; ;;.,.'.. what I had been seeking, I could not tell my September 22nd, 1885. ?K stand firm and faithful, whatever he might be feelings; and when I read tthe reports of the called upon to endure; rejoiced in the Gospel, meetings, and" the remarks made there, with A PLEASANT and in the association -- of men and the for the future, I do pray many women who were laboring in the interests of timesprospects for the privilege to be there and hear the On Thursday, September 24th, the Relief the kingdom of God. Thought the Lord was same. Many times, when alone, meditating on Society of the Eighth Ward in this city had a determined to have a tried and proven people. ask my-- " yourjxosition at those pleasant His - remarks, throughout, ' were very" interest self T Preparations- were made the. question', "Will it, ever be my happy ' beforehand, by appointing committees to per.,'-'ing. lot to mingle with the .Saints of God once fect the committee of Coun. Three, Brockbank realized this was an im arrangements. more?7' It almost seems a lifetime since I en-- . arrangements, three on reception, and eight on portant time in which we were living. "Many joyed that happy privilege, but my heart is vitation. 7 are the Lord said he has with you, your feelings and hopes are mine,and jamnies being tried; f'ng was held in the 'Assembly is displeas th ;n)no y.d;oare willing tuhe- -i at: xlifferent- - times "lien-meditat- ing on this Rooms of the ward, tried lor His sake and acknowledge His hand." work and its benign principles, when the paper commencing at 2 o'clock Mrs. Esther B. Fletcher presiding. tvit m sympathy with the Saints of God, etc comes and Tread, I find the same feelings and madir-by'"the""fait- hfat Nau-voo,an- r - -.- ; . " 1 y -- 5 1 d-o- be-you- ne - . - : -- )i--i tr . - life-givin- g . ' . RE-UNIO- the-nobl- happr-.sra.-on.5- re-unio- n. 7I - -- '. j " I j P-'n- 