it.. WELCOME HOME! -- IDDHKSSEDiTO UHOTHEIi EES BT ni3 WIFB. Welcome, ob, welcome, V ha,y0 ,tt welcomo for. friends and titjr neighbors will gather around, Afidfrom brothers and 6lstera the welcome reBonnd; Thy mother will meet thee with welcomo most kind And from nephews and nieces a welcome thou'lt find. bocn lonely whiio waiting to hear f heart has Tba signal to tell me thy coming wa8 near, -7 And, ob, how it beat when I saw by the press ' That thou wort returning thy children to bless; With thy precepts to guide them, tby fond love to ' 'r-t- : . l.L E venbaby has jeemedjor ; herJathetlo mou ro, daily looked forward to papa's return. 8he was "going to Salt Lake to meet'him," ohe said 'Twas her first thought at morn and her last going to And bed; ' ... Stater' rT Jt - rV(i(iT,.the earrie (latc i3 writteii "the blowing: 1. heading returned from the P tins evening, whither he had been by appoint-menXt- o - some families to remove back here, whom Bishop Miller had JefUick anil destitute. Bishop .Miller had now become a confirmed apostate. He had drawn away a and disaffected persons, and some, who, like himself, were corrupt at heart. They were afterwards distinguished q Af;:f,'r aHauy of those who had traveled in his camp icLuxut:u 10 neaa quarters. , On the 13th Horace snpflta nf .n l of Omahaws. making considerable noise and tumult in the village below, having received their payment from the United States. "The amount of money paid to them is $50,000, which was brought up by land accompanied by . a guard of twelve men. is It said that the Indians are killing our cattle in great numbers below here, and they have1 been here with beef to' sell; no doubt the relies of some off our cattle. - "- On the evening of the 14th my uncle, Wm. Murray, Bro. Harvey Green and Mr. Hovey arrived from Nauvoo with their families, some of them being very sick. They had been three weeks on the road. They brought additional new?, and according to'their statements the mob was pretty busy plundering house?, ripping open feather beds and scattering the contents in the street, knocking the horns from the oxen on which t.hf font wn.s lmlk. nA mn. . ning about the streets imitating the'blowing of norns witn triem and doing other acts of sacrilege. They had also' tern down the altars and pulpits in the Temple, and converted the edifice into a meat market. .The same spirit is and threats of a similar rampant character liave been made by our enemies for vears oast, but have been restrained bv Him who has said: "Thus far shalt thou go and no a,it : v ew-weak- -f- Thy presence to shield them from terror.or fear; Tbewill tell how they missed 'you when prayer time - came 'round, a for or a And they yearned look, smile, or abound Of tby voice to encourage, to soothe, or restrain. To share their young joys and their faith to'sustain; :. 1 brighten our smiles, and to dry up our tears, To" pray with us, talk with us, tell ' where thou hast "To been give us an outline of what thou hast seen. In the long winter evenings how good it will !e To feel I have round mo my children and thee; To see thy kind smile, feel the press of thy hand, thee mingle agkln with thy little home band When their voices in praise to their Father on high Are lifted In thanks that their papa is nigh, And they aek to be granted this ona prayer more, That father's long absence for some time Is per,. And across the broad ocean no mora he may roam, Bat his mission In future be nearer to home. . to-da- y, BY HELEN MAK WHITNEY. Continued. . further." But to return; The next inportant event was the arrival of Almon W. Babbet and wife from Nauvoo. This was on the evening of the 6th. He brought considerable news; said the mob had complete of the place, the Temple and all. had several mock ceremonies with differ-They ent individuals had baptized Daniel Davis three times. He saw Bishop Whitney, who - barely escaped, and was obliged to leave Nauvoo secretly and speedily for St. Louis. He stated that the mob had plundered numbers of buildings, among which was the house of Bro. Joseph Hey wood, who was stripped of nearly everything he possessed. They had defaced the Temple considerably, both inside and out. The shore of the city arid all the approaches to the city were strictly guarded to prevent the ingress of "Mormons," and when anymaiL was-fouthey immediately baptized him and sent him over into Iowa. Mr. Babbet was advised by the council, which had met to. arrange some difficulty between some' of the brethren, to remain with us, but he seemed not very anxious " to do it. .; : On the morning of the '9th he and wife started back. Little John Smith, who had from coine Nauvoo with my father's family, went with ...them tomeet Iiis mother, who was TX bout 150 miles back, near Mount Pisgah. My husband mentions the death of Miss Eliza A. Peirsoh, a niece of Dr. Richards, at his tent, on the evening of the 10th. He says: "She had left father and mother behind to join the Saints of God in the wilderness, to suffer , and die among them for . - Bro.Kim.ball, . nd " " , ' On the 15th Horace wrote," "Bro. W. Woodruff wa3 brought into the camp this afternoon from the woods severely injured by the fall of a tree. Prest. Young, possession meet-i-&?0- ? ; " tnem, and all hunting that ,. were found were put into Father Cutler's yard, which was appointed as the place of rendezvous, where! the brethren might come and each select his own cattle. In "the afternoon of the same day, the men Who --were left in camp were summoned to go down the boftora and put out a fire, which was jn had "ralreadyburnt a riuhf--T raging greatly : ber of hay stacks. "But," Horace says "notwe could not en-ti- r withstanding all our efforts, ; ' subdue it. Brother ely Kimball, went and burnt round our stack in order to sa ve it. The brethren at last sue-- , celled in turning the fire in such a direction that it should not do niuch injury," . - ' -- 9 -- SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. Oa Tuesday morning a general turnout was made to go and drive in the cattle, in conform-jt- v with the arrangements' made at the , . Andnow she will see him I scarce can believe That thou art returning my, cares to relieve; To share in our pleasures, to chase our weak fears, See Eastern " cbecr, AHd woman, and the remembrance of in her o- ,r',,flUJr appy noura 1 together with her sisters and friends, will :ety, never be obliterated while time shall Jast She ww from Richmond, Massachusetts, where I became acquainted with her during my sojourn m the have-spen- sfe'thjr "". 1 wi. lPM? joung BE5f XETT, to borne and to cue, iud th children's fondL,bearU ' the Gospels Vake. O- - Pratt, -Richards -Dr- -a- nd-Joseph Young laid hands on him, after which He speaks' of he appeared much' relieved.' Bro. Pond and family arriving on the 16th, and all being quite sick with-th- e ague. Con lo-.cerning the Oraahaws he says, "They are cated about ten miles below- - here, where they intend to remain this winter. They have had for some time in contemplation a grand buf--, falo hunt, which they have abandoned in expectation of living and sustaining themselves, by the killing of our cattle instead, which they - are frequently detected in driving off' Sunday, the 18th, the weathar being tolerable meetiner wa3 held at the stand. "The sub ject of our molestation by the Indians was taken into consideration, it was tnougut to be necessary to build in .a circle fnmract hod v and form our wagons that we might be better aMe to defend our- in is was selves against their encroachments, bv the interpreter who at-tho aiv?p.p. tended meeting with some Indians at the stand. Tf w"s fn rtlipr deemed proper Ho. send out dif-ferent companies in different directions after weie the cattle. twentv:one men. Brother n.TtnnQ?tin nf Winslow Farr, Z. Pulsipher and J. Redding were appointed to go on the same business, as captains of companies. A GENTILE DR. Editor Exponent: I think it is high time that I express my thanks for your very good little paper, the Ex-roxEN- T, which I have received since I had the of Richards and her son. pleasure meeting-Mr- s. at Washington. - v I have often thought I would pen a few words from this way down East; whether it will encourage or discourage is not, for me to say. I am often called upon to express an opinion in regard to the condition of the Mormons, as it is well known that I have been with them a short time, and have frequently expressed an opinion, especially in regard to polygamy as I understand the same. As you probably are aware that women are the greatest 'defaraerc of them the better elements of the practice of polygamy than the jsurroundings throughout the world among all other religionists. The moral principles, to all intents and purposes, seem to hive passed away; there are few exceptions. We find among the clergy, priests and deacons of all sects, as well as the generality of men and women, care only for leaving their offspring to bemurdered or picked up by the police and sent to the foundling asylums, and the mother (whom the laws do not recognize) men have decoyed and destroyed. These women, girls,are driven into suicide, or a worse life while they live; the man is free, legally irresponsible, while the girl is an outcast. Bigamy is better than seduction. Those who make laws are those who defile them; we need laws enacted that will hold all. classes, and all That sects, religionists and desire mbre one if all men can have wife; they than one they must be equally responsible to each and all, provide for them and the children, and all equally recognized and legitimate. 'This is the only plan to create morality ; in the .world-. so-call- ed self-gratificatio-n, non-religionis- ine-companies- -- y0N Cort. q - friv-e- u ts. ' New York. Errors. I'a the It. S. Report from Mill Creek 89. 40. should read 3f biphel and 40 - pounds; and in the place f Araminfa E. linn- .1 . . . ... son and Sarah nf water., suouki rcau jmiuuuu s 1 1 . 1 1 1 E. Harmon and Sarah Walters. . Jjinnnrv 1. No. 15 of the EXPONENT, ill the Auutobiogra)hy of Emily D. P. Young, an error occurs which we' feel called upon to correct. In the second column, 5lh paragraph, the word prevented should have read presented; also the name of Brareai should be Brazeal, and in the first chapter the name Jackson should have been Jackman. Tn . 