WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 90 HONOR TO THE AGED. the mats and backs together, silesia inside, and overhand them together on all sides except the bow on one side. in the photoIn the Second Ward in this city on. November .top, which is left open for slipping two and pastemat each jakc SiregraceDecorate neatly, 2nd a pleasant surprise party was given to our graphs. -; of board ."boxes f of tlie aesif&riglit, fully. The name of the person towhoia.the worthy President, Sarah Smith Wheeler, on the -- screen' is to be them two" inches smaller in jliametcr-tha-n be worked on the given may her 79th birthday, by the sisters of the f other. Place one within the other, fastening cutsi'de.' s Society, where all present, enjoyed the lines together, and join at the top with a at a dinner, prepared sisters, and Rack. Get a wooden box a in. offering' congratulations bythe strip of pasteboard sewed f strongly to 0De who hag APaper around the top?, Sew a, neat cretonne"panel starch or soap box from your grocer. Take labored so long and faithfully as our president. on each side, with a band of plush at top and it apart, and plane and smooth it carefully. The sisters also presented her with a small bottom and a plush ball and tassel at eaeh-cor- Use the bottom of the box for the back of the of money. ner. Lino with silesia to match the plush. rack. Cut one of the end pieces to a width of purse We could not tell th.ee half the good v Or, the panels may be of satin with flowers six inches, for the shelf; saw the brackets for That now our wishes softly bear, " of , 'painted in. . the sides of theNshelf from the In heaven alone is understood, A- Piiotooiu'i'ii Case capable of holding box, and tut the lid down to the right dimen The fullness of our birthday prayer. sions for the slanting front of the rack. Ebon-iz- e several dozen cabinet or imperial cards ma all the parts with the "ebony liquidised by be made by. folding a piece-o: Sarah Mitchell, Sec! plush together cabinet-makers- ; nail shelf, brackets, and slantand cutting it two inches larger than the card. s and Cut out a piece, of wigan for lining, a trifle ing front, securely; putty the then baste blacken them, so that they will not be noticed smaller, and baste it on LITTLE LETTER. Cover the front of the rack with some meat Hie plush, and lino the edges with satin,-hem-imng tiin on with very hue stitches. Ihe border design in Lincrusta Walton, gluing it p)ckets are pf plush, one quarter the width of on, and gilding it, or leaving it . the natural Dear Sister Wells: Lin case; turn the edges of these and hem them color, as desired. Put strong cord or fancy T I am a member of the Richmond Primary to the back. Decorate the pocket with 1' For- wire through the back of the rack to bans: it class. Our President and her counselors do or some other appropriate.flower- - up by. all they can to Jiiake our meetings interesting.-W- e v S make the pansy, ba i IjASKKivGt-fo- u mboo sticks r r PoctKirrPrNsiilON:s."--T- o held aPriraary District Conference our fn n some furniture., factory,-ofour rustic cut three pieces of purple velvet, and three of Stake President, Sister Jane E. Molenwas Micks if bamboo is not obtainable; and gave us some good instructions. gild the' yellow silk, line with bits of white wigan, and rustic sticks if these arc used. Purchase a loin as nearly as possible in pansy form. Cut present 1 like to attend Primary meetings and Suna back to fit the whole, cover this with purple fancy straw basket and line it with satin. day School. My father is on a mission and I iMake the lambrequin of of with a the and the of to color of it velvet, pansy layer pluh joni hope that I shall be worthy to be a missionary the lining; cut the "lower edge in squares and c tUm between, sprinkled with sachet powder. when I am old enough,and labor for the .King- point ''each square. Embroider,.. a spray of A few lines of yellow paint on the purple dom of God.- - -- With lore to all,"I remain, flowers in the spaceUviieVuWHAT4wtr leavcsVand purple' on the yellow leaves will brother in the Gospel, your young ' it with satin and attach to each poiut a tassel: give more of the pansy look. Charles W. Nielson made of crewel. Fa ten tho lambrequin The star is formed of twelve diamond P. S. Sister Wells will you please insert oyer the inner e(lge of the basket so as to consix fur the front this little letter in the Extonent? shaped pieces of ceal the top of tin lining. Mount the basket and six for the back, alternately covered with Richmond, Nov. 5th 1885. on .the sticks, tacking it oil from the inside. dark aud light plush or velvet. Overhand the A Card Heceivei:. Th"i3may hd made parts together, and joiir the back and front of by the star, placing a layer of scented cotton be cutting three piece of rattan, each nine inche's NOTES AND NEWS. tween. long, and joining them at the top by tying them tether with strong thread. .Spread two The domino is made of black satin ribbon, of them far enough apar t at "Mrs. Myra Clarke Gaines, of cour30 under cut to just the size of a domino. Work the to make a well prop mioned eael. and attach dots in with white silk; glue botlTYaces to stiff a fictitious name, is the heroine of a new novelthe as a rest. Cut the envelope a cardboard; make a narrow edge of black satin, byTlKoiTErWhite, entitled "What will the overhand the dominos together; fill with bran World say?" perfect square from a piece of p mama canvas; . bind the edge with narrow brown satin ribbon,, and sachet powder before closing up one end.- -and work some little pattern in the corners 'France has agricultural schools for girls. Of. jYicholda. One with brown silk; fold and overhan i the lower of the chief is near Rouen, and has 300 , in to envelop-shapigirls from six to eighteen years of age. The and fasten parts together farm is over 400 acres. it on the easel. Havel out CARELESS PENMANSHIP. a piece of the cm- . vas amii tie a bunch ot th: ravelin? at the ton ' A new play, called "The Doctoresses." to and at eaelr f jot of the easel with a ribbon vontriDuiors to magazines ana newspapers make fun of lady M. D.s. has iust been brousrht bow. should write a legible hand, using ink invaria out in France at a popular theatre. "All is more exasperating to an editor bly. CirKisTMAs 1Un'ku. 0 ver a piece of man JNothing Paris" is rushing to see it, and to join in the to receive, carelessly scrawled manuscript heavy brown paper of the siz-- of the proposed unpunctuated, probably, and written in faded laughter bestowed on the' heroine of the piece, banner, stitch a piece of light cotton ink or blurred lead pencil. No wonder the who is, of course, an "M. D." flannel Jor the central panel, and very dark waste basket is never empty! The importance cotton flannel for the band s at ot torn and "The Woman? 8 Advocate is a little naoer top. The pendant balls are made with the dark of wrhing,distinctly when writing for publiedited by Mrs. M. II. Pengily.in theJnterest cation wa3 recently illustrated -- in a magazine flannel over round piccesd pasteboard. Sus of sane women confined in lunatic asvlnms. It in London. In'a clergyman's letter from Asia, t cord; a heavier eord. to pend them also makes an earnest plea for the better treat vrnatch, should be used for hanging the banner.' he meant to write the "people of Jdea,-b- ut ment of women. patients in these institutions,-- 1 the prjnter made, it "the people of India." oew- - a piece ot n atural holly in t he. cen t ral who are too often cruelly mismanaged." wa3 submitted to an expert panel; cut the letters from white paper; glue white cotton on their faces, and then sew the chirographist, who decided that the printer "Mrs. Fanny Sawtell. of LnntPTiima f!olo.. letters .entirely justified. ; The dark bands. (Hue or stitch clergyman's has been workincr a mine whirh sho owns there. small piecesxf cotton all over the banner to "Judea", as written, had an I instead of a J, for six years, and life she never-enjoye- d n suggest snow. Larger pieces should be glued an instead of a u, and it was impossible to better. When in says the mountains by herself, she at the top of the bauds and upon the pend- - decide whether the next to the last letter was wears a belt filled with cartridges, and a life- , lutended for an e or an if it being as near X : nnfu ope e preserver,' for as the other. People who write in case of need. carelessly and I 1I0T0( iU.MMI SCRKRMCuL out tight pieces , indistinctly, uhen writing for publicationhave of pasteboard, uieh 8 In most of the cantons of Switzerland the ' n follr incheKhy uul memseives to blame when mistakes wmy of thee pieces cut away the centers to form are children of poor people are regularly hired made in printing names of the mats or inside of the screen.- - Cover each persons or out by auction, lest their parents should be places. The printer is usually wonderfully-expermat neatly with compelled to seek public assistance. Recently, satin, letting it in deciphering bad writing, but he canin the market-plac- e overlap the openingin each mat about half an not of Biel, near Berne, m perform miracles. As an let spite of the heartrendincr entreaties of a inch; slash "and baste around each experiment, opening xthe reader hastily write down the words Judea Cover the back of the mats with silesia widowed mother, her- four -- vounp- children. and and India, without the i of the latter, hem the satin on this. Cover the other dotting four and hen submit it to a ranging from two to ten, were "placed" out company of friends to ior a year 10 me pieces with satin on one side and silesia on the .decide 'which $ which and whirh is t'other. nignest. bidder by the public other; overhand them around the edge?, Bate ownzmanq v peeds to adopt jijt!"i"'7. eyiqently ' woman suffrage. ribbon around the crown as a hat-ban- with-- d, a .Qf-t..o- . Re-lie- v them-selve- two-inc- h . side-pieces- - f nail-hole- the-plush- ; . . . ""get-Tiia-uot-- ," ' 11 -- r-- r -- - ' . ' card-boar- the-botto- d m - cross-piec- e - - ... n sea-gree- . on-gil- Tlie-manuscrip- t tohe , -- - - self-defenc- . wjne-colore- d t - ; ' v f 