WOMAN'S EXPONENT. of uncertainty, or fear; as to; ;cause"Ayilh.vhic Ihew. :hearteaness we have'aU identtteiS4Tcvvva. o(v the : - EDITORIAL NOTES. " Qs Monday, the 14th inst, the Supreme Court of the United States decided the appeal taken by Angus M. Cannon on writ of error from the Third District Court of this Territory. The definition of the term cohabitation as laid down by Judge "Zane was tire point in argument,and it was affirmed, with Judges Miller and Field dissenting. The new Relief Society Hallof the Seventeenth Ward, Salt Lake. City, was dedicated on the 8th ihst., by prayer from Apostle John Henry Smith. The building is of brick, is 20x30 ft. in size and cost, with the piece of land on which it stands ' and some little Incidentals, $484.50, all of which is paid for. Remarks were made on the occasion by Oro. Nathan Davis, who was Bishop when the society was organized, Apostle Smith, who succeeded him in that office, Bishop Tingey, the E. Hyde, bis LpreseaUncumbe counselor. A report of the society's workings was also read by the secretary, in which the highly creditable showing is made that since "its organiza-tio- n $5,431.83 jias been contributed to the.poor. An agreeable e n ter tai nrne nta illleTh ou se of Sister Joseph Bull concluded the ceremonies of the . - t-- -- daw- TRIBUTE OF HONOR. At the regular monthly meeting of. the Board of Directors and Executive Committee of the Deseret Hospital Association, held Monday, December 7th, 1885, the ladies very feelingly. expressed their regret at the loss of one of their active members Sister Phebe W. Woodruff. She had been asso-- , dated with them in all their labors ever since the establishment of the institution, and was always on hand to perform her portion of the work devolv- ing upon the Board. Sister Woodruff has always been recognized by the ladies as wise in counsel, ever jeady with good suggestions, and had at all times faithfully discharged her duty as a member of the Board and Executive Commit' tee. ourselves. Spoke of the danger of apostasy, and the sentiments of some men in authority on the subject of the present persecutions, who thought they were necessary to purify the people.". ;: Sister M. A. Pratt made some very timely marks, and also referred to those who could not endure the trials and hardships, and if there were only a. few Jeft, and out' of these only one half with oil in their lamps, it "gave us food for serious consideration. , She also very earnestly addressed young wives, counseling them to . aid their husbands in performing the duties, devolving upon re-4- , ' them.". - ; , , - vr . Sister Mortensonbore testimony, and Sjster Mary A. Freeze spoke of home missionary work; thought we should improve our opportunk - agaii3StLbeingUedvayJjyrtheyanities world. '. . : ' , Sisters Mary Gerber and Ann Player each bore a strong testimony, and the congregation united in singing a verse or twoof the hymn, . "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning." Sister Osmer and Sister M. A.'E. Watmough each ma'de a few remarks, and bore aJestimony, Some notices of conference, were given out, and ' fc meeting adjourned 'T.nrH ' Hitmis T1; u now e. mj lor four weeks. Singing, efv Rener!!ptirn hv : : LETTER FROM DELEGATE CAINE. - , The Omaha Herald of the nth contains the , Hon. following letter written by John T. Caine, to President Cleveland; Utah's-Delegate- . : House of Representatives Washington, D. C, . . Dec. 7. marshal, on the street, he., was fined by Judge Zane and sent to jail for five days on the untruth Sir. Since our conversation an officer of his court. The stories about attempts ;to lynch Collin, and the gathering of Mormons for that purpose, ana inc ncccbsuy iur piating ouin in. the hands of the military for protection, are altogether false. The sensational reports telegraphed from Omaha about a mob going to Fort Douglas and demanding Collin are manufactured for a purpose. There is no necessity for additional troops in Utah. You, sir, as well as your advisers,have been imposed upon by .Governor Murray, and These representations are Marshal Ireland. maliciously false. The Mormons understand perfectly that every effort has been made and is be- ing made, by characterless federal officials to ful charge of attempting to intimidate . semi-monthl- . -- w Tl1-T- ties in spiritual labors, and carry out the revelations that have been given, instead of seeking after any more.- We are still a long 'way short of being perfect. Spoke of patronizing our enemies, and thought we ought'to make a great effort this morning additional sensational statements have been sent from Omaha and Washington, and published throughout the East, which are so false and such m outrageous misrepresentations of the facts in re? " R. S. AND Y. L. MEETING. gard to the actualsituation in Utah that I am constrained to Jay before you the truth. y in meeting held The adjutant general of the army apparently Synopsis of the the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturday, authorizes the statement that "the Secretary of November 28th, 1885, Counselor B. W. Smith the Interior and the .Attorney General received presiding. Singing. Prayer by Mrs. E. B. reports from the Governor,United States Marshal, Wells, and singing, the hymn, "O my Father." and other officials there? to' the effect that the Minutes of the previous meeting read by the disposition of the Mormons is quite offensive, that Secretary, Miss Jane Sraalie, and accepted; also. demonstrations are being made of a threatening minutes of the Y. L. of the 1st and 20th wards, character, and that the slightest accident is likely and and P. A. of the 5th, 10th, 20th, nth 21st to cause a riot in which the residences and offices t s. of the United States judges, district attorney and 77 Sister B. W. Smith expressed her pleasure at other officials may be mobbed and perhaps personal violence attempted," etc., etc. hearing the minutes, and presented some matters of business pertaining to theTJeseret Hospital. You, sir, and your constitutional advisers have Some sisters were wanted there to do some sewbeen deceived by designing men who seek to create in the East the impression that the Mormon ing, which was satisfactorily arranged for the next sisters reminded the Friday. Mrs. Smith also people are unruly and turbulent? The ordering that the Relief Society Conference of this Stake of additional troops to Utah is the result of a dewould be held' on Friday, Dec: nth, in that hall. liberate attempt on the part of the republican She then gave the meeting into the hands of the United States officials there to create the impres sion that there is danger of a Mormon outbreak. sisters, and prayed the Spirit of God to rest upon the congregation, ',-'- ' The object of this is, first, to make it difficult for : Sister.E. B. Wells saidjvejpughyoppjrja a democratic administration to remove the officials, the many blessings we have, and remember to acand second, to influence Congress to enact legislain all Lord the the of hand tion in the interest of a desperate ring of advenknowledge things. Our ehem"es are trying to push us to the very, turers who seek to control the government of the extreme, to see if we will rebel; the freedom we Territory in spite of the fact that they constitute once enjoyed is greatly in contrast with our present an infinitesimal portion of the population and circumstances and surroundings ;r we have not have no interest in the material, welfare of the the peace and quiet of former days. Urged the great bulk of the poople. , :ijJ.: so-call- . - lemaui: attempt. 10 goaa ine.-j- : a 1 ne rcuenu juuiciary nas persisieniiy ruieu so as shield to from punishdisreputable ment ior "lewd and lascivious conduct," while Mormons' have been persecuted With the utmost rigor for unlawful cohabitation under the Edmunds act, which makes it a crime for. men to cohabit with more than one woman. The chief justice of the Territory and a majority of the court have held that the Edmunds-laapplies and" "Who a man to was arrested Mormons, only on a charge of debauching- his sister-in-lawas discharged by Cruet Justice xane on the ground that the Edmunds law was not intended to be a general corrective of morals. When a deputy marshal, a married man, 'was' arrested by the police on a charge of "lewd and lascivious con- 4iirt' iirk n u'AtmnunAf Vmc 7ra r rs habeas corpus proceedings promptly dismissed the accused on" the ground that adultery and fornication was not lewd arid lascivious conduct unless it was practiced in public. On the other hand, prominent Mormons, who had s'eparated themselves from their plural wives immediately on the passage of the Edmunds law, and had endeavored to honestly obqy that law, were indicted fo'r un lawful cohabitation, and when they asked the right to prove that lhey had not had sexual intercourse with their plural wives. Chief Justice Zane ruled that such evidence was immaterial and irrele vant; that unless they had p.ublicly "abandooed r their plural wives "they we're guilty of "holding them out as Jheir jAyives, whichconstituted their oflense of unlawful cohabitation under the Ed- munds lav, it mattered not mat in the entire history of civil and criminal judicature, no English or American court had ever held that cohabitation meant other than sexual intercourse, the Mormons had to go to jail, because they did renounce their Dlural wives.. not nuhlielv r j Inlhe execution of the Edmunds act the utmost latitude has been given to. the marshal and his Domicilliarjf visits had been common, deputies. anH nips and infnrmers had been enrouraerl tn ply their infamous trade. . When a reputable Mor- non-Mormo- -- A Th:.. Mormons have beensubjeted to a sys ;. .... . . 1 r&&5Bter, and let our conversation be of an instruc tive nature, calculated to build.up, for the day is coming when we will need a strong; testimony for -- nth of January. sistersto j)e.ise'' and encourage their husbands' -- Thk Territorial Legislature ;jneets on Monday, the : ;. 109 prOVOKC aaUUlUf CrtK.. UC -- lUHUUi KUUTV IU11 they would be doing themselves arr irreparable injury by attempting any violence or unlawful act. TVi.r tiaiv. uw., rf itnr!r the mn?t Jntnlernhle anH .nn llity justifiable conduct of federal officials, disturbed the peace or in any way resisted the execution of the laws. The Mormons ask only for an impar- -' tial administration of the laws, and just treatment. i ; t..t iu .1inc c r l vir .iuc- i ney nave '.uppcaicu United States and are, patiently awaiting a decision by that high tribunal on the rulings of Judge Zane. They believe (hat his;. extraordinary interpretation tUt - la w - will he rehnL-eH., The Mnrmnnn r?n not object to "the presence of the troops in their midst, iney ao ooject, nowever, to tne senaing of troops on false pretenses. They object to being misrepresented and set before the world as defiant, turbulent, and given to mob violence, when to the contrary. Those air their" history-pro-ves --- jiciuc 1 . i- uii , 