HYGIENIC NOJTES. very one Relieve lie wm other vile ebithets Leaped Af Besides Rnn Gvl? "glultoOOUS-'mSUpon Him, be and a wine DiDuer, ana ine most pious peiauo (hat could be found cot up a crusade 'against Him and Ilia folio wers,and the work of Annihi lation 13 still going on now. . Your reference to the "Mormon" faith that Christ had wives this idea is merely infejen- t i Ml ..." morrillna II. .i iuim at, mc luamau xou win recoi.iect iiai. "r in Cans, of Galliiee, Jesus was called "the here mentioned, Bridegroom'" The bride but who, I ask, but a wife wouldeven m these; . degenerate days, come publicly and wash a manVfeet with her tears and wipe them with the hair of her head? Christ did not seem to think the marriage ordinance so degrading to Himself, but what He could sanction it with His presence. Who was it I wonder, that so draped Him down to:the level of mankind as to induce Jlim to suomit to oe circumcieu and baptized? Was it not His own choice? Did Ho not say it was becoming in Him to fulfill-a- ll righteousness? Well, then, theordiu-ance- " of marriage is righteous, or it is not; Which horn of the dilemma will you take? rerhaps..IIe respected His Father's, wisdoin and judgment in framing such a law, and considered it and holy as any other, and one of the most sacred, and it is only wicked men, poch as many who sit in Congress, who would seek to break down what ,God has . . . joined. 1 buch men as have just described know 1" miie and care less now many ncaris-mableed, or how many homes may be ma'de desolate by the breaking up of families in the separation" of husbands and wives, parents V and children. Have you ever reflected, mydrar brother, upon the consequences to this people if this law just, made which is made by ungodly men should, bo carried out? Just think of . more than fifty thousand happy wives suddenly made. widows, some, of whom have taken me lovingly to their heart and home. "God setteth the solitary Jn families." Believing Unplaced me, here, is it any wonder that my sympathies are wholly witliHbe people in this matter? Christ?:7 Did : was-calle- properties d r " 1 oi mc -- T i- store, and steep like common tea, using cream and sugar 'according to taste, Try it one night and one morn'ng, and note the result. j A memory of sister harriet k. blrxllam, from .the" "Sisters of the draper relief ' " SOCIETY. ', . Whereas, It lias pleased our Heavenly "Father to remove by death our much beloved President, we feel it our duty to show some fublic token of our esteem for her past services. aL the Deseret Hospital, Salt Lake -- iSister Burnham. , died 1885. If was a very unexpected loss to City, the Society, and cast a gloom over the whole ward. Sister Burnham was not only very much beloved by all the sisters of the Relief Society, but by all who had the pleasure of her acquaintance. She was ever kind and sympathizing; a Saint; devoted mother, a true friend, and faithful Latter-da- y WherealTSTster Burnham vas our President iotJifteen years, and has given us many good instructions.and always advised us to economize our tim5 and means to the best rmy we profit by her teachings and good example, that when our earthly race is ended, we may be found as ready and well prepared as- - she was; for while we mourn her loss, we feel assured that she is far happier in" the society of her dear, departed husband and friends. Resolved, That we sympathize with her bereaved family, and pray God our Heavenly Father to bless them with His Holy Spirit, and guide them in the footsteps of their dear : ; : parents. 1 That these resolutions be Resolved, placed upon our record, and a copy be presented to the bereaved family, abo given to the Exponent for publication. Catherine Smith, Prest. bm 9f ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, 1868. ad-vant- age, : Hannah Burnham, THIS PAPER can - be t SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS Dry ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL - ' 718 Washfngton St., Dr. James A. Buss CARPETS BOSTON, MASS. i duly authorized by AND WALL PAPERS, ALL F. Auerbach & Bro. Special to the Ladies. Fall and 'Jomplete Stock of MILLINERY, Spring and Summer Goods AND ' IW LADIES DRESS TRMlftGS. t IDA.'VXID TAMES 5c CO., TINNERS, CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTER3 ? -- ..... 8. ELDREDCE. Siipt. AT TEASDEL'S and "Will be found the latest styles in ' - pioductlons ' ,.- And an eleRaot asflortmen of O-OOD- S- Agent for ItU JISEY'S celebrated LIFT and FOHCE J UM rs. Pumpi Repaired on short notice. Orders fro tb country promptly responded to. W H. LACES, RUCHES. EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, .RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, CALL AND EXAMINE. j I ' We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any Loupe In the west. 1 ! MENTS, IMrLE-""- ' us to receive subscriptions and to make contracts for advertising at r regular rates. The Read in g Room i. ....n dai ly to the public. (except Sundays) jrTn m. A It is proposed TOOLS AND -- GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. 0m.loTl)7 I). PeKO. -- CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, tables of. the , Goods, fJotions, Groceries GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, the found on ' X. D. C. READING ROOM, AND JOBBERS OK HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, Sec. She is gone to her rest then a Joving goodbye; For a time, o,ur fond sister, adieu; . We'll think of thy bliss and our tears we will dry, And we'll joyfully hope yet to join thee on high, Our friendship and love to renew. J - SALT LAKE CITY, ' and, man-mad- io erect a memorial church to the memory of Mrs. Elizabeth Fry. the mother of modern philanthropy. Flasket in few a miles Essex, out of London, Park, was her residence at the time of her memorable' visit to Newgate, and it is pronosed to build tne cnurcn ou tne sue wnere htr garden once stood."" A large sum has been already confribu-te- 4 and friends admirers of Mrs. pry." by Old Constitution Building, Main Street, July-24th- , - " 08 . . UkBEKAII S to ' -- .. TRIBUTE OF RESPECT to the y Knowing your kindness I am sure It must undergo a great change ere you can look plapidiy out from your pleasant surroundings nmifl vnur Invpil. nnrl lrnrino- famllv nnrl pa :. those whose hearts are just as tender, their affections as deep, and homes as dear to themselves for the love that is sheltered beneath each roof, and not feel sorrow aufl' indignation at a law wbich brings naught but evil to an innocent, industrious and happy people. Though your rejigtous belief differs from theirs, I feel assured your influence will not go to rob them of all that life holds dear. Their practice of polygamy affects no one who does not wish it, and is no crime, except as proe nounced so by lav; God s law does not condemn it,but is on their side; so T believe, ana were i ininy years yxraiigerriTOuia tesr the system practically; and you .should have my experience therein. I am very sorry we are obliged to differ eo widely in our religious views; I would like it bpttfr if lJL-- Ma I f v' " J to the Scriptures, "Walk by the same. rule and speak the same rhing." Iam, t . .. IT . very truly your irienu, - three or four times a day." re . .:.:r-i". "": is-n- as-pu- ' ancu gnu prcsscu icmta,, oj uuiau.u' Ths Sowing Hacbine of tho Age! 5,000 T o"7- izi TJse - In TJtalv . ' ''Astringent, tonic and sedative, used mostly in decoo tion, which is good as an astringent in diar.chcea.dysentery, 2nd in bleeding from the, lungs, stomach, and urinary a" wash to old and foul organs, taken freely internally; as flooding, and falling ulcers; as an injection a' wash in sore mouth and of the womb, and as gargle and throat. "Dose:. of the decoction, from half to a teacupful -- -- and uses of. the nral'ia' ' takff a- larre teasnoorifui - .... JJ3. ft JO?. UU CUT.' s Special department for. Ladies Misses and.'Ic-ant'Shoes. 12, 1J4, 16, 118 Vast Temple Street. 