t LOVE AND HOl'K. .'0 wrr-t,- Jhy itnyMio. thann rxannot fl y, I try, And though to love thee vain? All, all If from lhar siren eUnce l Jlee. VYYnn siglt and (Jrc.uu ol thee. And till again thy facs I w:t 'Pis lingering pain ' . i 1 1 ' or! the " winds may hear thee speak, The insect, sporting, kiss thy cheek, And other souls thy smiles may seek And haply find; But 1," thy lover, from afar Must game as on some distant star, And wage with fate unequal war, All unresigned. .. s u are-ma- . we like streams"runoirfore ver, Though nearing oft, uniting never; Shall cruel doom our lives dissever J n heaven as here? in the Or, light of happier spheres, Where live oar hopes without our fears, Will mutual love smile through our tears And blend us there? M ust river. ."" All these details are unimportant, sav'ethat they add to the reputation, of .the place in a mental-sense- , nor are they entirely without .picturesqueiiess, while they give an air of strength and majesty which would otherwise '. be wanting. The view, looking Trom any point, and in auy direction, is incomparableand leaves an WEST POINT IN NOVEMBER. impression upon the mind that cannot But the winding river, broad, placid and bright in the sunlight, with the white sails dotting its surfacethe pleasant villages and charming villas', half hidden- amid the thick growth of evergreen trees bordering the languid stream on either side, the scattered tokens of success of American armies, the structures forJthe education of the American youth in the art of war, with their pleasant and delightful surroundings, all, ail are as nothing compared with the rare, th1 romantic beauty of the walk that winds along the river bank, and nestles so : closely under the brow of the hil 1, on which the grounds and buildings- are situated as to hide all evidence of their existence from the view "Flirtation Walk" name well suited to those whose weightiest thoughts arenas the bubble thai floats measuredly by on the grand stream (the waters leaving the shore at their feet) and which the lightest breath of heaven will destroy; only to give place to another as short of life and a evanescent. Straying along the winding way one can but wonder how nature creates souls so lacking in depth as to withstand its spell, its pensive . witchery, or fail to be moved by that sweet, that .touching melancholy which alone kindles in the trusting heart pLjrrued and hallowed feelings, which alone ' can fill the mind with bright, ennobling, glowing aspirations. Art has done inuch to enhanca the beauty of a scene naturally enchanting; and the art was true, for its presence can hardly be detected. Save that the walk underneath the precipitbus hill, and just out of the water's reach, is kept clean and safe, saves, for the occasional rustic seat, placed in out of the way corner for the rest ot travelers and the gratification of lovers, "save for the steps provided for safety in precipitous places, or where leading down to springs of water, all is natural, all rustic, all enchanting beyond the power of "words to.de-- . : scribe. . 7" There are two or three paths leading down to the walks, from the plateau above. Once in this winding path, all evidences of military' academy and its immediate surroundings are lost; nothing but the broad stream, witF boats d. A dull and wintry looking morning it was when we left New York to visit West-Point- I shall never forget the day. As we rode the shore west of the named river after along Heindrich Hudson, aud immortalized by that prince of imaginative writers, Washington Irving the clouds.which had gathered threateningly, paled, began to disperse, and the sun broke out rich and warm. The train rolled over an undulating country, of a rather unpromising character tor n brief distance, and dashed through several tunnels. Emerging from one of these, however, a magnificent sweep of the Hudson Itiver and the opposite shore rose full upou the view. He must have been a stoic of the olden times and most approvedschool, who, gazing on this fair sight for the first time, could resist an exclamation of delight and surprise, or whose puJses would not give an exultant bound at the enchanting prospect spread out before his vision. The stream resembles a lake more than a ri ver. No current is preceptible. The yachts, the river steamers and fishing yawls sped up and down and danced upon its placid waters as they sailed. Along the banks and up the side of the mountains or deeply wooded hills, which hem in the stream on either side are pleasant little villages, charming and elegant summer-residencand here and. there a . es, manufacturing structure. It is a little less than fifty miles from West Point, and the distance is New-Yorkt- won- derfully short, to one to whom the scene has not grown familiar. The train discharges the AVest Point visitor at a point below the reservation, and speeds on it3 way through a tunnel right under the hill on which the reservation is located. To realize the beauty of West Point one must stroll fully over the reservation. "Situated on a table land, which swells abruptly to the east,, the river makes a majestic curve around it, and th as a magnificent view of the river is obtained on the north, the' east and the south, while fringing both sides are the low, slowly rising hills,- df eply bedded with woods. Ihe mountains gird the reservation on the o - - ' -- " - - nunea in tuft curling binoKe but. the evergreen foliage, nothing .steep and . oyerhaii'giug bluff to be rru,-- This into th", most j!(:ightiVy;c:que5tertl ' nooks; ' grove.-- , ovrr 'rough and brokan through places; here a huge. rough stoui:., seamed filled with through ' arirl '.' fresh, 'green tn.hr, yonder is a ..below that overhanging cliff, is a most delightful grotto filled with damp mos, and trailing vines everywhere, while the odor is ftesh and sweet; here the denuded trees overarch, and r a ro u n 1 a t i u r n y 0 ti - w i i! find a r e cess w i t h the m 1 convenient seat imaginable in it for "those Jlsleuing to the shy, soft tones of one, the jileading.: words of the other, aud living, for the sweet moment at least,in the tender glance and the radiant smile "from loving eyes ajid warm and tempting lips oblivious, to all that surounds to all .the'.world. And f reyer, to be viewed from every' point, the j:i;and-olriver glides serenely on, the unmoved, the unheeding cjuiident of the enraj)tured poet; of the uttered rhapsodies of the deep and abiding admirer- of nature; of the pensive sighs modest maiden; of the warm and passionate pleadings of the ardent lover; of the flippant gibes of the self satisfied cadet, whose whole, n.-iii- g t . i'--r 'JlZLiJidnm-imiTiug-b-- I - The heedless -- i rs julh fide .of the plateau The resid eireci of offi cer. a rh al soon- tfieou ti' and Those to the we?t are some, on the we-- t. skirted by a drive on the east, and uri'jpn-lik- e the qjarter.s.of the officers at oft Douglas, only the dr.iv.' there is on the west, with the mountHms-or- i the eastat We-- t Point, it is just the reverse: the" 'drive is on the east of the quartern, white the mountains, form a background on - the west. The broad parade or drill groTiTifl is on the north and east of the barrack and ofiieef residences, while from the north end, or the hotel, a superb view"may be had of the river and the town of Newburgh, at which place Washington established his head-qirters. (The building is said to be standing yet, and is preserved by "the State.) id the guns, ny at the north side, also, or cannon captured during the Mexican war, and on the east are trenches and earthworks in all stages of construction useddoubtles-ji- n the education of cadets. v ; is down The riding school itf the last, beneath the brow of the hill and nearer" the are . . til., Thv educational building and cadet '.qua In social throng, at pLiy or ball, The magnet thou to me of all. The queen that holds my heart in .thrall With constant swayv One glance from out those tore-li-t eyes One word from lips whose sweetness vies The fabled n ectarpfjt ie" skiesT " ". . .. And I obey, : rjjmr TirestlT i - ..-- 19 prtfi A tjtH bhf 'f f a i- -. :t ,) h looking loved one!" Tell me why loM "Cut woman's exponent: ' irum-house- Waik!J1 .. ' . ; . throufll'am 'tiny-tlellrTher- 1 1 ' . e, : . 1 0.-- : ; d - whose ever-uttere- ever-recurrin- . persistently1 d, idea is that to. imagine anything above or equal to a West Point cadet is the ' measure of absurdity. " , There's not a rustle even of a tiny leaf, as I move along the path (my soul drinkihg deep of the calm, the serene, the holy enchantment of the scene) that does not awaken tender thoughts and sweet and touching recollections that does not till me with' better irapu!s2s, with truer, manlier 'aspirations. I have long been confirmed in the belief that surroundings are potent features in the development of character. Believing thU T cannot understand why it is that the influence of, the magnificent scenery, everywhere to be seen along the Hudson River, and especially" at West Point, should not produce, even among those striving to be skilled in war, deep lovers of art, and those imbued with such an ardent spirit of poetry, sudt as caniud satisfaction and relief only in individual expression, in the utterance of the thoughts that forever well up in the hearts of those who are deeply moved by nature in her endless, her manifold and varied forms, all forever beautiful. The day is sombre and cold. .Ever and anon the clouds gather and storm threatens, but each tiaie the darkening clouds disperse and the sun again comes out. bright. They tell me the scene is cold and cheerless 110 w; that compared with the appearance of the pjace in June, or during the spring and summer, the present sight ii as nothing. I can hardly believe it, and yet realize it must be so. But should I be denied the happiness of a visit when the recurring seasons attire this dreamy and romantic spot in her lovliest robes of green and flowers, still the picture it presents on this fitful November day will ever remain bright, glowing and pensively beauti" '. ful.; It was night when we left to Veturn to New York. We took the Grand Central down the east side, passing Tarrytown,SingSing, Harlcnr and "other poi nta.' The moon shone full aud elearand as we swept along the edge of the river, now filled with steamers, yachts and tiny boats, all lit and dancing on the great river, the weird beauty, the romantic halo which the rich moonlight sheds over all it floods tjpon, served only to make deeper and more lastiug the impressions of this day, because of that which the eye had beheld, and which had already sunk deep into the soul.-Wandering Boy. out-spoke- n . ' -- ' - . . 