WOMAN'S EXPONENT. hilled bothfi'Sr, to believe yfru'-w-V with Joseph Br a Tvi "the way, if we can credit history, their-oeinsee only my mam object, which is to elucidate a natural consequence, xraiuiu i)) ".' truth. looks much like taking Axtf(iti&&-tzmhave thanks of for the all, you First ray thf Hwnrd' and we read that "he that taketh The just compliments you pay to the "Mormon ah with the sword.' women;" but why not raise these same "noble nf Illinois welcomed the refugee. Mor t standard of refine-ment:mon3.and I think if they had been good, women" fully up ) your Am glad,' however to see the one no peaceable citizens they would have found ' whom you have made brought so fairly to the trouble. me where you The whole tenor of the Gospel, as taught by front; but will you please teJl she boa daughter of Christ and the apo3tIes,Ieaves no ro jm between got the pattern? Can the first and second coming of Christ for such Abraham? If. so, you have painted her in different colors from the way she looks as God a movement an that of Joseph Smith, unless made her, as l view ner; me ieature 01 selhah- we clasY it with the lo here's and lo there', where it undoubtedly belongs. Permit me to - ness is far too prominent" to iairly represent the model which He has placed in the fore- ask how you", who had experienced such fulrrround among the "holy women,' where Peter ness in Christ, such rest and repose of faith in Him, even in sickness and prospective death, points at her as a beacon to light up the path- can find any consolation 111 the teachings and way or virtue ana reuuemeni lor every pure This is tie woma-- in all coming generations. principles of Joseph Smith? Is not salvation and such are through Christ if we are thus full and sure? model 1 choose to pattern after, When He assures U3 that all who are His by the women who have assembledjn mass in everv settlement in the Territory tn faith will not be lost, no one can pluck them out of His hand, but He will raise them up at declare the sentiments of .the main body. You seem to be in doubt as to whether every the last day. Is not that enough? "Why do My dear" we need a new prophet? who could not .die .plural wife is; "satisfied and happy-".- : ... tfor us or raise us from the dead? He, Joseph - brother, can you assu re every, mono- lives in the enjoyment of perfect Smith, died' as any mortal man dies who in- - craraic wife " ucnut ucaiu jiuiu AUitm, mm. us meic is uu felicity? Again, if the class of "mockers'' had y name under heaven given among men whereby only passea away wun lBnmaei ( wmcn, for me, they did not) I should now we can be saved, except that of Jesus of think have less.canse to pity , myself when Nazareth; even' your prophet could be saved how. as a child, I was subiect' to such usag by no other. Venheed no otheFGosperbut tliaT of Christ" ind also to a sly pummeling, which caniFln 31 rTo m i th, who, teaches that plurality is a duty, must be practiced, though it violates the till He comes. The apostles taught us to. seasonably to give variety to the exercises. watch for His coming, not for th appearance civil law' of and then call it reIt is possible you may think these childish of Joseph Smith. "God. who in times past bickerings of eight brothers and sisters were a ligious persecution .when an attempt is made to enforce the law. Is this submitting to the spake unto our fathers, by the prophets, hath peculiarity of the family to which belonged,in these la3t days spoken unto us by His Son,' and hot at all common in monogamic families powers that the apostles command us to obey? and would He now he likely to go back and not of course when counted to God's comgenerally.- However- this may. be, I will not make a new revelation through a: man one stop here to determine, but wilLsurely say that mands, but the pretension that God requires men to practice plurality, is too low, sensual man --and that, too, a revelation of such mo my experience goes to show that the practice 13 and worldly. It may be claimed that it would ment- - really introducing a new dispensation? not wholly confined to the children of plural be better for the world to practice plurality This would' indeed be very strange. wives. Now. in thii conrction we will look is do than as now 'done. Well suppose we adWell, that will do for once, at least you will at the main question, asjfou have put it. "Is mit it and leave it for the world to practice think so, and if I have expressed myself posi this Mormon view of domestic life the correct and sanction by law, but to say that the on some 1 . .. can assure you, my one; tively points, dear sister, that even stronger terms - would practice of polygamy must be better for the You do not believe in new revelation. 80. if who. should have the Church,. Spirit of Christ hardly express roy feelings in the premises. I you will not run away from it, will try and and are not of the world, is to my mind awful have no enmity against any individual of. your meet you on your owa grouna tne Jipie; not and absurd. I love would them and do them, people. good, in this regard, but iio on some points, Mr. Smith's teachiug seems worldly very if in my power; I would lead them to Je3U3, only which I will hereafter, bring to your notice. different from the Ooxpel, though I am told the Blessed One, who is the Chiefest amonsr In the first 'place, then';. is totiriitge that your people say that even Jesus had ten thousand, and the one altogether I ovelyj divine institution? as recorded If so,' is; it Cot wives, but to ray mind this is utterly without ' O, I would not have my heart removed from ' a part of that ScriDture which is ffiven by foundation and contrary to every fact of his Him for all the wealth of Utah. inspiration of God and pronounced profitable history. Mention is often made to his mother My family are all alive and in their usual ior instruction in rignieousne?3, and his brethren but not a word about his health; indeed, things are goiner on with us thatcorreciron.ana the man of God, not the world, may be ' . wives, which eilehco would be very strange, very much as when you were here; we ' to hope perfect thoroughly furnished . to all good if he had had them. He positively says, 'The nave oeen. learning r more -- or Jesus, and feel works? If so, can he be thoroughly furnished on of man; hath not where to lay his head; somewhat nearer to Him than in vmn (mind you, Tbis is quite incompatible with his havins I know of nothing of especial interest at this to all good works "and condi- -' do I he not some in be cannot saved say wivesr The evidence points to his not seeking J time amongyour here. We tion) withoat acquaintances Ills n'litn ocu observing- this institution; You rriM iiu tk!.i; mo unu, hadthe privilege of reading your long and in- will tins rvguru. 'Pi.nis sort ort eiI certainly acknowledge vthat, according to fort to drag down the Savior to their own teresting letters about Utah, and did Bf With level, could be only made by men who have a much interest. How did you pass the summer the obedience to God's laws o will the reward be. Does not God1 also command this, same in vour sunny valley? desperate cause to" sustain, but is a total fuii-Will write and you inan to multiply? ' And waaj this Jaw or comre. i" '''' :(. tell.us all the news, etc. ShouldLbe pleased to mandment ever abrogated?, the Lonl ever 'The truth of Uhe Christian religion does hear Irom you now and then. did go back: on His word in this , regard, wiU not like" Mormonism rest on the credibility of Yours very truly, one man, but has the broadest foundationr into you please show me the record?s:iYej, ey you, : C.Locke. Alpheus 1 Paul which is woven the united testimony of would, that all men says, 'many so Now EauL-waMnftroedt-anmen, nnd the evidence of many miracles, and myself St. George, Utah, June, 1879. all it follows, then, that miracles far surpassing eveu the claims of Morthat; ajwstle, spoke, To Mr. and Mrs. Alpheus C. Locke: monism, to which we may add the evidence of thing3: by inspiration.there'ahoulo t have, been fulfilled prophecy. Any religion, a3 those of na, marriages, since, hia playffBut esu; says, Dear Bro. My Sisten-Yand our Mahomet, S wedenborg, etd, resting on the 'letter, quoting fromTyours, Ociupiill'4'com.eV;- '9? bearing date of January 2nd, did not reach amine d??e man, -- have, in of veracity thVjneri.x)M ray humble 11 F r cannot ?th; account for opinion no valioVelaira to imr credence. TfUEry "MyXord ho w can. we occupy iiiltnen,'seeing : r l ma T16 It' appears that plural marriage was not reaches here we shall all be Idead?'' Jeiiis says again i'eed l"7, orarily twelve in in the will I "Book make no my lambs.T, Is hot thia bidding them to generdays. of Mormon," but taught original WD added hy; Mr. Smith, as a new revelation but will now ate", the result of ' wnich Svould be the perpetuity . mj (his answer, hough for lack of oppor- - of the enemies and others say) to cover race, of mankind ;;"burT;here (io'me? Paul up his own social irregularities.- It seems that his brother,' again, and says, in substance, Is'1 hav0: been language.-BuI sha nrnmo Hyrum8mith, never practiced plurality, though talking- with God- about this; matter, and "He "years of ypast experience of the kindness J of tells me (or 1 think I have His Spirit 'dictating v a. tftBeoI''diCOod had been more a mat ter of external power; under the new, worship of the Fathefwas spirit and in things were- allowed .under the old covenant (which law-wour school master to hiring us to Christ) which were discontinued under the new. (beim? no loncrer under a schoolmaster, do we need to exchange Christ for a wan!) While T embrace the teaching of Jesua and follow His example, how can I settle down to tun are, am surrouna myseii wim wives aim Ftnve to lay m store the thing of thu lite, that I mav increase the number of mv wives and family? Although plural marriage was practiced and allowed under the . old covenant it was "never pronounced a duty, or a means of salva tion for either sex, as set forth in the teaching of Mr. Smith, and though, under the Gospel there seems to be no direct prohibition of plurality of wives, that matter, like many others, seems to be left to the hearts of those who would become a law unto themselves when they had received "the first fruits of the point, and we mieht safely aDDeal to theex- perience of any one who has drank deep of -er we tbtir?un tain or life -- in would ask for more than one wife. Ho w was it with St. Paul, chiefof the apostles, and .who taught in accordance with the prompt-iug- s of the Holy Spirit, that the time had cume when those who had wives should be as though they had them not. How different toIa truth-Vario- us - as ? " - -- -- . 4 n meet-ino-- a : me-tha- Jeaufl,--wheth- the-count- " a ' . ' ; unror-tunatel- 1 ry, I - - -- I ' : ; : -- rt 1 W -- I be-perfec- - ' U ;.. : It ' , - . : q ji - TuT fri nrotr 1 tnces, - t - 1 - d 