WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ; M. t'Sil' -- ward, then crave a t t jl no entitled, xi tue rennie. iioii i reciu- - rum Ward was represented by Ihe presidentj Sister Jacobs." Tvmma Bunts,- - of that ward, gave a recirationeutitled;Ii it, anybody's business?" Sisters Jane .E.;..JMolen 'and ElizaSnow addressed the children and gave them some very good and valuable instruction. .. Thomas W- - Tike and Master Steward, of the Sixth Wardjendered a dialogue, entitled, "The lost . poeket.book. r . - -- Alice Puarson, Secretary. - : . - , enough of the paralysis, Ernest; C. .taste by some drawings of animals. , fter feasting the eye oa; the, , usefi; ..and ornamental., the feasl of reason was. introduced -recitations, dialogues,; song,., remarks etc., "made pleasurable irapressioas. All were so wisely chosen and rendered, we cannot mention '' . all, hence all was excellent. " The programme filled, that other part that man loves so much; the sure road to' his pocket, arid blessing the viands prepared ftud wailing, then "filled with the good things of earth, the . : HOUSEHOLD HINTS. .; Oil of. larenderiwjll drive away flies. - . Grained wood should be wished with cold tea. : j Mortar and paint may be reinovedj from window gUu ' : : . .. ; . : rwith hot,; sharpi vaegar . . If paper has been laid 'under carpet,' all dust may be ' " easily removed with It. If a bedstead creaks at each movement of the sleeper, remove the slats and wrap the end of eachjn old newspapers. This will prove a complete silencer. . Carpets should be thoroughly beaten oil the wrong side firsthand then on the right side, after which; Spots may be : removed by the, use of. ox gall or ammonia and "water. 7 : 5teel Jcnives not m daily use may be kept irom rusting u they are" dipped in a strong s olution of soda. W hen dry, wrap them in flannel an 1 put them away ia a dry place. Lemons iuay be kept for months by simply putting them into a jug of buttermilk, clunging tha liquid about on9e4 in When the lctnops are required for use, tliey three wee,ks. should' be" weU dried' ' with a clotli. , ie . . ' , put into the wash boiler' will make clothes' very whifeanfl will often remove"incqrrigible stains from white goods. A tablespoonful of 'lurperitine to a large boiler, or a tcaspdonful to two gallons of water may be usedl There is no Smell; the boiling destroys it. 1 -. : ; A little turpentine - . : . - . i - , r One That Was Tiieke. 1.. Mrs-Ann- t the wmf n rlnnlp liv Candland showed t. his Ono li'ftlp fpllnw be-t- r The uisnop, rresiaeni iiaasen, ner counselors, worthy President and her energetic Counselors, ana aisp on iuet mempers, in tne arrangement of the goods, and their, responding with many useful and pretty articles. - iqu will nnd.hy the appraising, that tliey are taught by example as well as precept. ihe example, well followed, would reflect great credit on the young ladies m genera),' and would show- we were doing gpmethiug worthy. the name we hold. Tne best band. sewing a baby dress, finest case .of wool flowers, best door mat and the handsomest hearth- rug, Mrs.' Jane Holt; a loyelyr quiltbet, pieced b hand, Miss Etta beautifuT embroidered; table cover, Miss Caroline Ramplob; best knitted j hose, ,Mrs. . n I t ill v villi ., I . null, i ; M . 11 , H8afalf-C. Ses?ioiis; best embroidered finder M. ,Uo.biqgpn Statistical skirt, Upton, A.f Clark. Barlow; best Wool flowers,on and financial reports ...from the various wards Miss Etfie velvet, Willey; best crochet underCOmnrisinff tho. Stakn Wfrn rparl hv thp. Sprrp.- for shirt, child, Mrs. Martha Willey; best "vr T tafv 4.,:a .i K.4 O t.. .' crochet lace, Miss-Ada Smedley; best crochet .... Prest. M. rJ. Atwood spoke, at considerable tidy, worthy of admiration, Mrs. Ellen Wood; length, referring in the course of Tier remarks, best netted tidy made, Mrs. Archer; best hooked to tJie Jlelief Society Fair . now in progress; tidy, Catherine Rampton; a handsome crochet cangratutated Hhe' sisters upon? the result of baby hood, Emily Maynor; lovely netted necklutir iiori8, as snown oy- - tne spienuia'aispiay tie, Mary F. Call; best silk handkerchief, silk spun, Mary Waddiugton; best braided pillow of her recent visits to tho various wards, and of sh arris, Elizabeth Evans; handsome wool mat, the general good feeling 'that prevailed through-'U- t Mary Stablie best artist work, with pcn,klso the stake;.exhQrteI)the sisters to continue scissors, Rachel best Briggs; painting, on velon in the gQQX wprk, and referred to the benevet, Margretta , Call; best, rag carpet, Esthor fit that ' the several' branches of the Society Sessions; beat bottled psars aad peaches, Jane . little cooks were consciously proud.. Buminghamj.best knitted quilt, Mrs. Hannah , Mrs. Emmerette Sessions; Briggs; next hea, culinary .Stake Primary Clerk, forest;' Emma Hey ward and her Counselors prayed heaven's, choicest uitsssiug uu luy muv vuv uuu we. an saiu amen.' - After the opening exercises, the usual business was proceeded" with,' after which' the condition of: the fbl Iq wi of the ..Rel ief " Society "wero reported' favorably: itamas, by .Sister S. Harder; Rockport, E. Vernon; Wan 1 1 - - conference of the Relief Society :ofiSutomitv Stake- convened in the meeting house at Coalville, on Friday, Sen. - z 1 v . stances, as to the products of the little men and women, of the association, most delightful weather and the pleasing presence of Sister Helena Madsen, Prest. of the Stake Primaries auu ucr iwu uuuusciora. T At early morning" deft fiugers were busy, up'th'ose ingenious patch works,called hanging .. . 1 a i i i t i' i: j quuis, nines, Biiawis, 80CK.9, urease3,ew;., tui yvu were surprised to see . so much labor and skill. The boy s- came trooping- - in with their works Of agricultural imnleraents: pigeons, nlymouth . . l r . 1. . f'i'P . Ihe gay and festive' rrunary..Jbair.kwas.ne4d Tl The young ladies of East Bountiful held their first fair Oct. 28th, 29th and 30th, in the Central School House. Through the courtesy of Sister Jane Holt, the Preside Sister. W ealthy Clark and I attended; w found it very nice indeed. It reflected great credit on their u : 2 ' - CHESTER PRIMARY .FAIR. . Editor Exponent: SUMMIT STAKE CONFERENCE. ? 1 ; A FAIR. Presf. Molen spoke a little while to the children, and the meeting w;as then adjourned until "further notice. Singing, "Did you think to Pray?" Benediction by Sister Mary Clark. . . -- TT-111 ' v J. S. B. "Never leave , us.",. iSUtQr.Zina Young, jn.ade sotrie very' good remarks:' A little girl, of the Fifth Ward, sang a song. Bernnice Leading-ham- , of the Second Ward, gave a recitation,' & n Judcea-rrAn- , . ' ; but hot Gdi)quered.,?i A ndmbei bfJittle girls from Providence "then sang a song, entitled, I Mra Rachel . ' TT- ap-pearan- , jg-branc- -- Dustin, Louisa Wood. Eliza . Smedley i and - i? . ivaue m ' M : 133 W. E. . Smith. ; Kaysville. e near-twenty-fiv- -- semi-annua- and ,celerv. onions cabbacre, - ; The aj.Seaatons; n; Briggsraised th'e largest, squash,. weight, 115. pounds;. Mr?. .Mary. Briggs, best display- - of - . : .tolt;:-cfaer- ; Tho: afternoon session met at 2 p.ni., and wa called to order by Prest. Jane E. Molen;. Prayer' by Harriet Singing, "Love at Home. "Beautiful Zion." , A Robbins. Singing, dialogue was then given by two little girls of the First Ward. Providence Ward was then ' represented by Prest. Prosina Trabar. She said that the little boys ot that ward were air bracing themselves a jaice straw hat, and said that the young ladfei' of thatvward: helped her a great' Margaret Campell and Joan I Jtarler, or Providence, anga.-ong- , .entitled,. Farrall' of the on,the PannieLTarnes, "3tay -Second Ward, gave recitation; entitled, ."Christmas Eve." .Nancy. Thomas and Lizzie Evans, of the Third Ward, then rendered a song, entitled, "Sweet hour of 'Prayer." The Sixth Ward was represented by the Prest. Sister Pike,jin ward, gave a recitation, entitled, "Did not Think." r:Luk Hammond, John Zollings, Andrew Hammond an David Thomas, of Providence, rendered a Miss. Kate dialogue, entitled; ''Smoking."! jriansqn, oi me oixin varu, gave a reciiation, which was followed by a recitation by Celia Mqrrell, of the. Third .Ward, entitled, 'My Mother's Bible." iennie Ellis, of the Fifth Ward, gave a recitation, entitled, "Little Ben.". Sister A. Barber gave the children some excellent nd vice. Delia Maugham, of the Sixth "W ' '.i :Editor-Exponen- t: " fru-v..- ,1 The Society Fair held in Coalville, on the 17th and l$th; of September, in aid of the new Stake ., Assembly . Building, now; being erected in Coalville, was? the second gotten up. by, ,the Relief Society, Young Ladies', and ..Primary Associations- of the Summit Stake. Notwithstanding the dull times experienced during the- past six months, the nice sum of over eight hundred dollars was cleared by the hundred dollars Fair, making been raised by the. above mentioned that has. associations towards, building our beautiful Stake House, which, when completed, will be a great credit to our Stake, and I may say that - the buikfing- - will- - be surpassed' by- none Ml he" Territory for it3 architectural beauty and Our sisters feel justly proud of their efforts and success in the part they have taken in aiding in its construction. " The completion of the building is greatly to "be desired, as we have no house of sufficient size to accommodate even a smalt minority of the members of our Church at quarterly Stake conference. The Stake Presidency of the Relief Society desire to express their thanks to all who havo assisted by labor, means, or otherwise, in accomplishing so much in aid of so desirable and necessary an object. . "ia-rVvi.. ' - Singing "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet'' Benediction by Sister Pike. :ti,i fi - Thee.tingLwasthen adjpurneduntilj2 p.m. tte-al- . 1 v . . A were to tho local organizations of the Stake, and gave, some excellent instructions to the Society officers pertaining to their" duties as such, showing, ' in various ways,r the good they could accomplish. Closed her very interesting discourse by invoking the blessings of God upon all the faithful; '"""Conn.- Ruth Park made a few timely and. appropriate- remarks, thanking all - who had taken an active part in aiding the Fair, and for the very creditable exhibit they had made. Conference adiourned sine dil. was. represented by Prest. Harriet. Robbing." of--tha- .11J! 111 Nice Plum Cake. Take sii ounces of butter, whipped to a cream; add the same .weight, qf sugar; stir in. four whipped eggs, and twelve ounces, of flour; beat these well, and add six ounces of currants, and six ounces of sultanas and stoned raisins, two" 'ounces of candied peel, twelve almonds, pounded, a pinch of mace, a teasponful of spice, and one of baking powder. Winced Fju:. Take 4he remains of 'a cold roast fo wl , . . : 