Millinery stores, straw manufacture ;;nd eraii ve stores ot anaLsojooiyj--t-.- - co-op- darned as First Counselor to Mrs. Rachel . K. Grant, Mrs, Annie .TVGodgavirig resigned her posttioa, ana in unuarv, j71. :urs.: uuu " -i - l - - T iAnnta nr C :r"C thts-kind- , i . n Wo p n in Wv-t- Mrs. ..Margaret p nuvyv.. si v; pT. r -v k m s ti c c e s s t u U Y in a n -p u la t e u 1 r- -- - Kuows: rtloh-eUeleie4f- . the Relief Sorietv in In 1S76, at the time of the .Centennial Exhibihad' who Mitchell, beencjdled JojicjzOj tion in Philadelphia, a Woman's Fair was held in ' husband on a mission to the Sandwich Islands, n thislrTty, over the Old . Constitution' BuiMtng-iMrs. Relief C. At wood was appointed Treasurer - which Miss ' Eliza". R. Snow presided, having in 1876, Mrs. Mary Musser resigning hex position the from received an official appointment on account of removing out of the ward fair Centennial Board iri Philadelphia. This In Sept., 1 SS3, Mrs. B. W. Smith removed to .gave the women of Utah an excellent opportunity another ward, and soon after resigned her posi of displaying their articles of handiwork of all: tion as First Counselor to Mrs. R..K. Grant, who visited .by then chose Mrs. Lydia Ann Wells to occupy the . kinds and sorts imaginable; and .it was thousands of people wlio called at Salt Lake in First- - Counselor,- position-of- -' traveling t o. an d from. the. .Centennial, as. well as Spencer. to fill the office of Second Counselor manv from foreign countries, whose route lay "SoorTaTter our seTnement in t,hisalley I heard . across. the continent. President. HeberC. Kimball say the.ti me would called In 1S76, Young" upon president October, tome when the sisteFs of this Church Would be to." the Oman's W . the sisters Exponent Before the through organized as well as the brethren. the decease of President Brigham Young the work of lay up grain against a day. of famine, and on 1 lib of November following Irs. 'E. B. Wells was organizing the branches of the Relief Society in chpsen President of the Grain Association. At a Stakecapacity, with' President; two Counselors, the same meeting measures ,.were taken to publish Secretary and Treasurer, was commenced by him; a book called ''The Women of Mormondom.". and since organizations of the Relief Society have The Relief Society in the branches, throughout been made in each Stake of Zion, and when new have-beethe Stakes of Zion have . been engaged from year Stakes of Zion built urr this oranizato year ever since in the storing of wheat, and tion follows tlie other as soon 'as practicable. . of their, own, On June 19th, i88o, at a conference of the Re- many of them have built store-house- s in which to preserve it. l Wlvlwlj, ilV'U 111 lllw U tl 1 JLai.C T.3SClllUlJr lldli, Thousands of bushels have, since that time, , a central organization was formed, President been stored away by the sisters, and they look upHe appointed Mrs. John Taylor officiating, ; Eliza R. Snow on it as one of the important missions given them Smith o preside overall the or' to perform. , ganizations of the Relief Society in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y In May, 1882, the sisters formed an association Saints in all the world. , She chose for her Counselors Mrs. Zina for the establishment of a hospital for the sick D. II. Young and Mrs. -- Elizabeth Ann Whitney, and afflicted, and by unanimous-votSister Eliza-R.Snoand for Secretary Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, and for Smith was chosen President. The Deseret a i v,i i'io. Hospital was dedicated July 17th, 1882, President i'i.,i.iauiia ii vi --uc.- it. ttT I U In lU. VV 1 1U a IWC UUllCCIUU iu mtujiig nciu dIU John Taylor and other leading brethren officiat- sembly Rooms, July 17th, 1880, President John ing. ..'..., The labors of the Women of Zion in an organTaylor set apart and. blessed the officers he had ized capacity are very effective for good, and are appointed to preside over the Central Board of Relief Society, thus effectually completing t of great benefit to the people, and here it might be well also to mention that Young Ladies' Asso organization. in This Society its several branches is auxil-- . ciations, for mutual improvement, have been orthe in to Priesthood the various wards, and eary ganized in all 'the Stakes of Zion in each ward, works in harmony with the BishopsJ and acting commencing in 1867, by the advice and authority. brethren of the ward. If all are faithful and of Brigham oung. There are also what are true to their office and calling none of the poor called Primary Associations for-thchildren, unneed suffer or want for the necessary comforts of der the management of the sisters; these are also vow v.aunouuil Ul 111C V.11UICIJ IS SO COII1- .v, organized in each bjshop's ward, and are of great -; plete and perfect in every part. benefit in teaching and instructing the little ones We commenced our labors in the Society in the in the principles of the Gospel, as well as impartauiuvcuiu i.iu simuar 10 mat: or otner wards, ing to them the Spirit of the Lord in their young making quilts, rag carpets, buckskin gloves and and tender years. clothing of different kinds. With these industries From this brief sketch of the Relief Society and other sources, since April 18th, 1868, to and public labors of the women of the Latter-da- y January 28th, 1885, we have gathered and dis Saints, it is easy to sec, judging from the fact that bursed in our ward, in cash and sundries, $3,880.- -' a wide field of usefulness is open for the next 30, and if we are all united we will soon have a generation, that great results may be anticipated, i iu ui our own a nail suitable for if we are wise,diligent and faithful in the ' perform, , the purpose. . .ance of every duty, and in- keeping the command-ment- s Asa matter of record I would here state' that in of God. kji uui i rcsiueni, mizi R. C. ATwoon.-.' R. Snow, and the approval of President Brigham Young, the word Female prefixed to the name of In connection with the article above we pubthe Society, was dropped. This was done lish the following from the American Phrenologi-caby l yoteinall the several branches of the organizaNew York issued February 1869. , S Journal, tthce.-.o- own intellectual social, and pro motion of their moral improvement of Salt Lake City, j valued lady correspondent IT rt o as ityiiirtT-?- - November, 1868. 131 "' ." ' ""' . . C ui a llfitinpic The laying ot tne cprner-siuu- c of Commerce' by the Female Relief Society of v,ftmih W.ird Salt Lake City, took place vesterdav. The nove.lty consists in"its being a female enterprise "developed 'uftder the fostering care of Bishop R. T. Burton. A large audience, Salt Lakh Citv, . . 1 . , -- composed in part of members of the Society, was on the irro und. At 2 p.m., after the usual Jorm on such ' occasions, thefollowing address was read by the p resident, followed . by an extempore speech by E. R. Snow on Woman's Relations to the Sterner Sex ; a speech by Bishop Burton, commendatory and encouraging, and one by Mrs. Bathsheba Shiith appropriate to the occasion. - and-Mn-Lo- . . Mrs. ' ' " M.K. S. . ADDRESS. . n 1 iv-- e vti-ju- 1 A this-importan- e . mi - " : tion. In 1870 the Legislature of Utah gave to the" women of this Territory the of right suffrage. In 1872 the Woman's Exponent was established, the need of a woman's paper having been agitated among the sisters for some time .hv means of which the women of Utah mi-- ht represent themselves and tell their 0W1 story, The u.u ssucu june 1st, 1S72, edited ly Miss Louisa L. Greene. - In establishing home industries of a public character the sisters have labored earnestly and diligently. In 1874 the Deseret organized, Mr, Zina D. H. , IN UTAH. The women of Salt Lake City, as will be seen by the following communication, are not disposed to be left behind in- the race of improvement by their Eastern sisters. They feel the importance . YoungS WOMAN'S SPHERE of extending Uieiii ness,-and of making for themselves room in the world for the more complete exercise and development of all their faculties. The object of the "Female Relief Society" is certainly a good one, andve have no doubt but that the women who have tht work ia hand will make it a means of good not only to those who may receivers help n time of need, but to themselves also, in" the -- , Gentlemen and Ladies; t "I .appear before you on this interestingjjccasion in behalf of tho'ernarenvirerSoaety, to exrjrciC . h ink's "toAlmlgh ty G ouhMhTwh eels of pro- gress have been permitted to run until thej' have brought us to a more extended field of useful labor for female minds and hands. s It will be readily admitted that woman's allotted sphere of labor is not sufficiently extensive and varied to enable her to exercise all her powers and faculties in the manner best calculated to strengthen, and develop, and perfect her; nor are her labors made sufficiently remunerative to insura her that independence" essential to true womanly dignity. ' We realize that unless wisely conducted, our God-give- n and censure. But the consciousness' that our theory is correct, and our efforts in the direction of human improvement and universal good, will strengthen and " encourage us bestowing that . boon - -' nothing earthly gives or can destroy, The soul's calm sunshine and the heartfelt joy." 4,VVhich With feelings of humility and gratitude I stand upon this consecrated rock, and contemplate the anticipated result ofthecompletion of this unpretending' edifice (which I will here call "Our Store"), the upper story orwhich"will be dedicated to art and to science; the lower story to commerce or trade. I view this as a stepping-sto- ne to similar enterprises on a grander scale. The object of the building is to enable the mem- bersofthe Society more perfectly to combine their labor, their means, their tastes, and their talents for improvement, physically, sociallyimorally.intel-ec- t ually, and financially, and for more extended usefulness. Many gentlemen kindly proffer their aid in forwarding this enterprise. To them, in behalf of the cause for which we labor, we extend . heartfelt thanks. We feel that our friends who so graciously pat-- " ronize us will expect much at our hands. We premise you our best endeavors to meet your highest expectations. But we ask you. mercifully to remember that the seat at the merchant's counting-roo.table is a new one for us to occupy, hence,as pioneers for our sex in this department of female labor in our Territory, we beg you not to betoo yoiif magnanimity by giving us an aplook and an occasional encouraging word. proving With such helps, and the continued blessing of God, we have all confidence that we shall be en- abled to extend variously needed relief, and make our labors a blessing to the cause of humanity."" Now this is a bold may we not say grand ? movement for the Salt Lake sisterhood. Vith, the inevitable franchise, for which women are 1 ' but-sho- w .yeriurritieisms, 