WO M AN'S E X P- 0 NKNT . mintV UTiTisLi Tbrfrjjx the "Jill" 'niu; . MRS J. ; clc o.! tba G. LfilMON, - .' Vice Fieiideyt1 of Pficiflc jlcps. (;ne.ud.rEg Uian). Wjxma'a Depart menf, Woili?j Expo-i- ti;n, New O.d eaas. - - ; c WEL?. ; Mi p. Margaret C. Shipp, M. D.. ba.s rec.-ntlreturned from rather ancxtendwl bo 1 interest the congregation. After the it k,1 m - toca If- - ' November .17, 188.4. ProVUeDCP, Mi'lIyllltflJ y r u m ,Parad ia --We 1 to villa and L:gan. Bhe remained at Logan thrte ' L-"- 4 ? medical profession - m Dr. ShJpp Ir a very r 1 jaw ing spiaker, an J she has eome pertinent truths to imput to young women, and especial y to r 1 ou d y g mothers,- R. B. AN'D Tiio;sUUr8-regulir-e- Y. L . , FOURrESNffl WARD. Ida I. Warden. verbally as follows: C. Hamilton and Counsel-ors,an- d Janet Park t?nd Ann Morgan, as Directors of the grain association. There are ninety officers and members enrolled. It was thought advisable to sell the old wheat and replace it with new wheat; the bin has been moved to the BishopV as a more central location for the accomodation of the sisters. It wa3 done by several of the brethren and their teams, under Che management of our Bishop. Cash received for wheat sold; $375 75; wheat sold, 417 bushels, 29 pounds; bought in, 507 bushels. 18 pbunds: showinf'an inrrpqft of 889.49-3bushels, 38 pounds received by uonation, making a total ot 0o5 bushels, 51 pounds of wheat in the bin. We havereoeived very efficient aid from Bro. G. Bailev. r.Wk nf 'the ward, for which we return manv thanks also to any who have assisted in any of the . arrangemenis. Oar late respected Bishop. Reuben Millar wished the society to make a donation of 8200 ior the bait Lake lempie; our last report shows we have on hand $128.80 of that amount. We can report our association to be in a ' prosperous condition. The President and her . Counselors are faithful and united in promoting the advancement of. the society. The teachers lare alive to their duties; the poor and .sick are cared for; all calls are cheerfully responded to. The Bishop and hi3 Counselors often meet with us, giving good instructions ' and words of encouragement. Sister Ara- ' -- 1 iras held in the Fourteenth Ward A?sembly Room?, Baturdiy, Jin lOih, 18S5, at 2 p.m - iLt v. vjanrawJ HCOlUUig, Ve Olllging, thank the?, O Go J, for a prophet, etc. Pray?r by Mrs. Miry A. Freeze. Birg'ng, Cmekt us antw.:j Minutes of t be previous meet in g read by the Secretary, Miss Alice Jenkin", and approvcid. Minutes of Y. L, A. were thn read from the 20th Ward, and minutes cf P. A. from the 21st and I5:h Wards. . Mrs. C.'awcn then made a few opening and expressed her deaire tohetr each of the Bisters aay a few words. Mib. Freeze, Mra. . re-mir- ks, ; - -- FirjitJard,(n et SteeyoconTdT'Couu. McGregor; Third, Prest. E. Wiler, Fourth, Teacher Mary Ann Hadley; Fifth, no report; Sixth, Prest. Rhoda Fullmer; Seventh, Prest. Mary Alice Lambert; Eighth, Prest. E." B. Fletcher; Ninth, Prest. Sarah Groo; Tenth, Teacher Elizabeth Paul; Eleventh, Coun. Jane Lawson; Twelfth, Prest Julia Druce; Thirteenth, Prest. Rachel Grant; Fourteenth, Prest. Agnes Shwartz; Fifteenth, Teacher Mary Grey, Sixteenth, Coun. Fisher; Seventeenth, Secretary Lydia Alder; Eigh-Ip- p n th. no report ; Ninetee nth, Prest. Rachel AVhipple; Twentieth ,Coun. Owens; Twenty-firs- t, Teacher Mary Davis; Farmer's Ward, Prest. Emma Woodruff; Brighton, Sc. Agnes Jones; Riverton, Jane Silcox. Prest Home made some suggestions to the officers of the several bracches,and gave some instructions to teachers; thought their calling a very important one and urged them to carry with them the Spirit of God to discern light from darkness. Spoke of the storing of wheat and entreated the sisters to avail themselres of these abundant years of plenty and store up grain against a day of need. After many good remarks calculated to interest and strengthen the faith of those engaged in labora of either a spiritual or temporaPnature. The meeting adjourned until 2 p.m., sang Doxology, dismissed with prayer by E. B. Wells. r Afternoon session, 2 p.m. opened with singing, "How often in sweet meditation;" Prayer 1 . .' -- monthly-meeti- ng ml e Patriarch Alexander Hill, with the Elizabeth Hill, following named officers: Lemmon Ann and Elizabeth Preat; Snedaker, Counselors; Francis H. Hanson, Secretary; Araminta North.Treasurer; Albertina J. North, Asst. Sec. and Treasurer. Mary A. ilamilton, in her trip of twelve weeks and a half the was kept constantly very buy lectaring and treating uteri re diseases. At eachiilaee fcha infnrma im Khe fpoke very hlgh!yf and always recommended patient defcirincr treatment ti ih Oa J. Sec. Relief-S-o The QtiarterlyConference of-thcietv of the Salt Lake Stake wa3 held iri the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Dec. 20, 1884, commencing at 10 a.m., Mrs. M. I. Home presiding. Openel by singing, "Know, this that every soul is free' etc.; Prayer by Coun. E. S. Taylor; Singing, "The time is far spent." Minutes of May Conference were read by Mrs." E. B. Wells and accepted; roll of presidents called, after which tho wards were represented Our associatton was re organized August 13, 1884, by Bishop , SALT LAKE STAKE. MILL CREEK WARD. wetki and several titters fallowed her Lome frcm different parti of Cache County, t pla(5e V Francis H. Hanson, -i . Dteeret Hospital, v Dr. Khipp intends giving kctures ia the several wards, 'tf. the city by invitation of the Y. I. A.-vWednesday evening, Jsn. 7i,she .i .1 lurtvh.A unu en rVpo ! ATI icbiUio an J iUO.UUSpiCtO 01 the Young Ladled A ciatlon, g'ving ecason-ab- le and logical advice and fuggtsticn", as well vR8ic!entifjc fEcta and results of investigatknV by tiie .moaf learned man and women of the Elizabeth Hill President, Association, and the children have improved a little, but there is plenty of Te Kaxe regul a r m ee tty for i mprovemen t. ng3 and Sabbath Schools.": We have no school house but there is one started, and we are in, hopss of celebrating the Christmas holidays in it. This town is improving in buildings. There is nice farming land here; we raise everything that is put in the ground in the shape of eatables, all except fruit. Your loving sister in the Gospel, irivi-atio- . : We are a small settlement here, and there arcTbut few of us. This is a very nice littla place. We have a Relief Society, also a Prim-ar- y she vigltsd, in company and by her with President Pugmire, the Associations of St. Charlep, Bbomiugtonand Par!3., Their aesocia I I i iioss nave a jarge memosrinp aau us mcmotra are ac:ive and spirited in their work. At Mont-- . pelJer the tookthe Oregon Short Line to the ' - Editor Exponent: - . - r pjuessington, secora co., new mexico. of Berr Lake ed of the meeting Mrs. E. B. R S., Y. L. M. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS. Btako, ovtr wh'eh ehe presides with dignity end She--rirorree- Mormon take soxmuclrzintercstrTzSaid-th- e women had a great worko : do; enjoined upon all the necessity of instructing their children; spoke upon the "'principle of plural marriage, and advised all to surtain the principle; houor the Priesthood and help- to, carry out the laws Were pleased 'that the Bishop en. of God. couraged the parents to attend the .Young Xadies' meetings.- - The Bishop and Counselors expressed themselves, well pleased with the? instructions from the sisters, arid made some very ' gook remarks. It was a meeting long to be remembered, and the sisters hope lor mauy more of the same v kind. Worli'dEtposition. -- H..M. Whitney B. W. Smith and E. Howard,' who addressed the assembly; their: instructions were of a very encouraging natureand they thought we were blessed indeed to have tho B i sho p an d h i3 Co u n selo rs and o th er b rethren . ' Wells read the letter wh'ch had ben addressed to her from the Wbman'd Department of the L Preeijent.of the Y. L. M.I. A. : " cl.e arah Waters " one who apoko suemed desirious of be ginning the now year with a tirm resolve to do ; bitter and livo nearer to UjJ. Meeting ad journed for two weeks. Wngtng, "Lord dismiss us with Thy blcpsing." Prajer by a brother Jn Northern Utah, Ing profesioaai trip thro-tg- a mparts of Wyoming and Idaho. Leavicg this 25 .b, the u:.. visited Coalville, city September Grass Creek and Wanship, then returned rJome to attend October Conference. Immedlattly after coniV tnce, retuulng her labors in tbia visited Morgan Evaneton, Almyj Wood: uff,' Randolph, Laketown, St. Charles, f I '", J Hr ., 111 jJlysiu 'ugiu-J- , tfiina auu .u npt i.er, iu eacu of the phcEg mentioned helecturtd to the ladles upon tho?eVptcJa! t ul j'ects that interest womeri eo gteatlysAt Ht. CharJes the Dr. eaya the had of meeting Mrs. Nancy Pugrairp, a the plea-iir- e of the lte Apostle C. C. R c i, and daughter I. ,i ' 1 SitT society to itiulv iili. stetrics.? The ward isgreatly in need uf Bisters l proficit hjHn that Lbranelx ofjcience.t8 a band: of sIst.cM we are trying to do the best we can:" 'v At our meeting of Dec. 9ih, we were visited by Prest. M. I. Home," Sisters E. S. Taylor. j. items .. i.x.lh;fcfciWtlte!rsndTeUteJ lc. crrTfcnlT1itrffeno. ilrreluc-- a desire to live faitbfrj, to hi diligent Jn gcoJ w.irk?mt f'ii vxitffftiw xt tnelr"bl2h and bolv niiisich ' upon the earths To 8 Spirit of the Lord wa plainly minlftst, - and u -c- rtlltHl-bv-the aid each -- - PROFESS I ONA L Til a!id the remsidrr of th! !'.:ire ws oe "upKJ by tlie.'f1?ter in the cor.- gTeatijn, roscy of whom bore stn ng ti gtiraon- - fah rj a Je a fe v re.n5Si: Kalian - - Sa by-Mrsr- ralr MrKtmbaUir ffi Mrs. E. B. Wells read minutes of September Conference, which were approved. Prest. Home, called officers from scenes of confusion' various country wards. North Jordan Ward was reported, by Coun. Mary Reunion; Sister House, by one Cooper, Wefct Jordan; Sugar ' of the members. Coun. E. S. Tavlor in the course of her said: It i3 tnought women are not good re--inar- ka -- 