WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 68 prove their integrity to the sacred and holy princi- pies they had espoused, and upon thM of which the mosts ' ' been entered into. Day after' day these trials for unlawful cohabitation are published in full, and one may have the opportunity .of reading and di gesting the matter. Still it is difficultJo pass judgment, except one is inpossession of the, Holy iSprjthatJeadsjntQ all truth. "It is a ti me for each one to examine himself and seek to bring into subjection Jo:, the will of; God his own selfishness, and to so deport himself that respect will be paid to his example as well as precepts, and those who are weak may thus be strengthened in ti e path of duty and of honor. Everyone who stands true to his convictions, whatever worldly sacrifice he may be called upon to make, not only does honor to the "cause, but helps others who mav.per chance, need some strong pilot to show them how to save t;heir less steady bark from being wrecked or broken to pieces on the sharp rocks that often I kings and rulers for my name's sake. And it shall VS therefore, not .to meditate before 'what ye shall answer, for I will rive voti a mouth anH Editor wisdom, which "all your adversaries shall not gainsay nor resist. And ye shall be betrayed both by Published In Salt Lake- City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, J2XJ; 'one 'copy' tlx months, $1.00. Ten parents, and brethren, and kinsfolks, and friends, c .for the "price 'of ni He. - and some . of you shall they cause to be put to A'lvortlslng ratw Eiich sutre, ten Jinei- of nonpareil ueatn. -ptvwy ono tlme,f 2r50;Kr month, SaJftrA" llberul difccwnnt A part ofthis Scripture is most assuredly being to regular advcrtiiicnj. verified at. the present time, in the courts of the gate east of iJeseret News Office. P.usiness Hours from 10 n.m. Territory, and no doubt all will be fulfilled accordto f p.m. every day, except Sunday.. ing as it has been declared by ancient and modern Address all business communications to ' prophets. V PUBLISHER WOMAN'S KXPONEXT, The scenes that are now transpiring are fraught Salt Lahz City. Utah. with the greatest significance to the Latter-daSaints, and yet there, are many who do not seenr October i, 1835. Salt Lakh City, to realize the momentous results that must neces sarily follow such remarkable events. . It is most THOUGHTS ON THE TIMES. certainly a time for. "serious thought and reflection It seems. absolutely certain that important matand humility before the Lord, and no one can in abound shallow watersthat deceive those not trust to his own strength, but in all humility look ters relating to this people are culminating to such to the accustomed to the Lord 'for divine aid and assistance; it bea degree as to indicate, at a very early period, a dangers and storms. and of commotion toss that one hither and solution of the knotty problem which is puzzling hooves every Latter-da- y Saint by a virtuous life thither among the breakers. At such times it is and conversation to seek to attain the American people, and raising such a furore unto the blessa to see one or always hopeful more sign; ministers and sectarians more especially. keep among ings promised to the faithful, fulfilling every duty and withstand the Suc the t ionlas is of rs.ecu and fury rbLsideup obligattonprr-so-faras-- it t gale : is madeknowhTjy " hspe to those whose faith gives courage the spirit of the Gospel that leads into all truth. might prosecution cannot last long in a country where failed. When one sees a companion in there is a semblance of freedom. There is, and U is a time for that entire consecra tion and d e -t dee e wat n i hsf the p that current tion to the kingdom of God that, will admit of no rugg gagal musrbie,"s6WwhWe, an element of religious would fain him bear rise with an almost to down, the terrible opliberty diametrically opposed neglect, but will require one's time, talents and superhuman effort, he feels, he too, could have pression brought to bear upon the Latter-dalaDors exclusive of all other interests. The Saints at the present time. "It must exist, even if power to do the same, whereas he might not have Scripture commands us, "Seek ye first the naa the heroism iiad he not been shown so illus it be in the inner depths of the souls of the "Morof God and His righteousness and! all other mon" peoplc.and cause them to exclaim, "Give me' trious an example. things shall be added unto you."- But how few or !" me death We liberty, give have obeyed this in the spirit in which it was all, as fellow beings, depend largely upon We are certainlyras a people, each but a there are few people who are 'willother, nearing telling given. This is verily a time of trial, a time to crisis in the history of the Church, and whether ing, from".choice, to risk the first chances of an prove and test the integrity of men's hearts, and all will be able to stand it is a vital extreme Acthat .measure, be a light and a question. they may though the Saints may be called upon to cording to the prophecies of qur leading men in strength to those who follow; but these always the deep waters of affliction, there is a these last, days, Heber C. Kimball and do if good, they have the true, genuine mettle in power equal to the emergency, and the others, promises of each person will be brought to a mem, God to those who serve Him and abide in the test, severe.and forming brilliant examples, and opening the individual, that will prove the integrity of his way for those who come after them, proving themfaith are sure and steadfast, and the covenant He soul ana the purpose of his heart. selves fearless to stand and suffer in defense of has made with His chosen people cannot be None of us know our own truth andright, however unpopular the cause. broken. He has commanded His capacity for endurpeople to obey ance until we have been tested in the crucible that The pioneers in any great cause or lawf-celest-ial the discovery of marriage,and He wiirmamtam-H- is refines and purifies even the most sincere truth have almost without and word though all the forces of earth and all exception been persezealous, and then they must be weighed in the cuted, or regarded as lunatics, while, after generathe powers "of darkness combine against the esbalance that determines the true valuation of a tions having realized the benefits of theiMabors tablishment of that eternal principle of marriage. Saint of God. How many can stand firm or discoveries, have held them in the esis much more involved in it than the through There highest casual this severejordeal remains to be proven, but one teem and reverence, as martyrs to truth and princiobserver can and the comprehend, who wishes to obtain the coveted pnrposei of blessing must ple, and benefactors of the human family. Men uuu cu"no De overthrown because a body indeed be "meek and lowly," that he simply have suffered much in the interest of may retain of men have decided, in as science, the Holy grand council assembled, well as religion, and it would seem rather a spirit that will lead him into all truth: that the law of the Lord is null scath be that offences come,".said our ing aspersion upon the Latter-day Saints if they law of the land supreme. Far from it' And " Savior, "but woe be to him by whom they come." are not valiant enough to endure as for the it may cost the lives of some of hough the Saints IvTdentfyTthe .judges and jurors and thedistrict Gospel's sake as the Saints of former days and of God, what He has decreed He will attorneys do not comprehend the full meaning of periods of time. But in order to endure and His cause ill triumph, and those perform, persecu. these words. If they, realized and sensed who have tion one's religion must be the been obedient and kept the deeply rooted in the commandments position in which this crusade puts them, He heart and soul; it must be the they has given, and have not guiding star of one's could not consent to the from departed the law great responsibities being life, something before which all other consideralaid down for the guidance of His placed upon them, and that they are dailv assumtions vanish. away, and for which one would people, will resacri. and be made most joice of the glory and dopartakers willingly. ing fice all else on earth. They evidently imagine, as The Savior said,-fHthat minion promised to the faithful. did the persecutors of old, that That this mav loveth father "or mother' more than they are doing God be the happy lot of me, is not service, and thus acquit their own consciences how many passing through the worthy of me, and he that loveth son or most severe ordeals, is our earnest und Procl3im themselves, before all daughter the world, mu.c man me, is not worthy of me." And prayer. as civilizers and again regenerators. Meantime.what are He SaVS. "And Pvprv- nno . ntxi.-- ... litiiii win. tl,,( inrci o the facts, and what is the exact status of those, houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or ""JIVtIJ 'EDITORIAL NOTES. .who lire driving some of the Latter-da,.!, or wife, or children, or lands, Saints to sake' foTrnf name's the extreme measures Lv this issue of the ) . - nunureu are chill raalfn they to take compelled .vv.v.c paper there is an excellent ah and shall toid, inherit in a rder to answer the end of the article on the silk Edmunds law, cenasung lite. industry, and we trust our sisters which- the Congress of the will read United States has and it .:.u:... digest t : To all who read the made valid and the and who Scriptures, believe that has Court Supreme of Washing m the divine inspiration of the engrossed much attention in times nast. a ton has declared constitutional? words therein x and almost untiring efforts have been made by inthere is an abundanrp There are many who do not dividuals as here and there, and also by correct, this construction of the law of accept, societies, SaWor Previ Hri,th' 7 rCferred t0 b)' our common counto some in permanent this direction. good coming. In the 21st chapter of Luke try, but are obliged to submit to the We have been told by penalty m Jesus, Brigham of and the others time drawing near after" Young speaking the- precedent established by the that there is every facility here for 0f wars and a seabng contentions and earthquakes courts, or become exiles from home, of silk. There have been making good country and and fam.nes and quality friends. pestilences and sights ments and disappointments in themany discourageandsigns etc etc The recent trials, under the Edmunds law besays, beginning 'at the 12th verse, growth and pro- ' "But gress of this enterprise, and be ore all these fore the courts here, have some good silk they shall lay their hands on given certain men a and has been made under the mostyet you severe difficulties persecute you, delivering. you good opportunity to show their manhood and seems to Sogues now Ihere to be an "opening which those and: into prisons, being bLght bere who have cocoons on hand can by dispose of them WOMA? EXPONENT ' I Kcmi-OQthl- - r- e - . . . I . y s ra"in-wave- -- ;- other-wiseha- ye -it rs a-q- y - . : - h pass-throug- . , ' 'itmusnds and-vmV- ? rr-'ic- " ; e 1 7 . -- -- y 1 .1 - -- - thm-mmM- ,, con-taine- a, , -- , 