WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 112 Dear one, how much we miss thee No hwian tongue can tell; But we submit to His decree, Who doeth all things well. 4Mwf, trclrnince finely, without and cut off iil 4 Wn into a stcw - any tkte or a handful of pan', with an onion, a blade of mace, and Add nearly a pint of water. Let it sweet herbs tied up. nj,.-- ., .'stew for an nour, ana men sirain aau jwui-wTake sauce. Worcestershire putting iQ a -- tca5poonful of two hard boiled eggs, arid finely thop them. Mix them ' fcSe$s , - GIFTS. HOMEMADE-HOLIDAY- ' ' h with the fowl, and add salt, pepper, and mace, according to taste.' Putin the gravy"; also half a teaspoonful of very' of lemon juice, finely minced kmon peel, one tablespoonful two tablesjwonfuls of flour, made into a smooth paste with A 1t "the whole iust boil.' Serve the fowl with sippets of toasted bread.' People often prefer pepper. cayenne to common . 1 .. The Sewing Hachino of tho Ago! 2nTo-- .5,000 .. . . Farewell, then, dearest .Mary, In this life we'll meet no more Thou art gone like some sweet fairy, And thy loss we do deplora. . At in. w "C7co lix TJtah.; to IIRITILARIES ' DIED,-i- n Payson, Utah Co., September 2nd, 1885, Mary Moor, wife of John Harry.' Moor, aged sixty years, seven months and eleven days. Deceased was born in Beverbee, Nottinghamshire, England, where she- was bapSaints, tised into the Church of. Jesus Christ of Latter-daJune 28th." i343. She emigrated to Utah with the handcart company, in the fall of 1 856. - She had occupied the Reposition of Second Counselor to the President of the full faith in lief Sdciety for. over seventeen years', and died ' J; . Christ. of the Gospel y A square sofa pillow of black satin iscffective, powdered" Twith'whitcdaisies wrought In filo floss, finish the edge of the 'cushion, with" large yellow beads', and decorate one . corner with a large yellow satin bow. . . $ - ; Autumn Icavctmay be used with pretty effect for making Lamp shades, by placing them on cardboard. Or they may be applied to cardboard cases for flower pots, or to borders for hhotOirraDhx.aiid.uscd inajrariety xfwayj.: : of wall jocJ-f- t d over-and-ov- cr " for the wall is made "by cutting a fan out of very stiff pasteboard, and covering half of it with plush or velvet, put on plain. On the other half put folds of satin, lengthwise, to imitate the folds of a fan. Around the edge put a narrow band of swans down, at the top or handle put a bow, and a cord and tassels. In .the center of the fan put onround or oval Christmas cards. It should be unfringed. One made of pink plush and satin Is handsome; one less delicate and less. liable to be A A ou sirs - 2 RESOLUTIONS OF EKSI'ECT. Inasmuch as bur Father in heaven has seen fifto call froju our midst our bclovedsistcr and Counselor- ,- u Resolved, That we,- the officers and members of Relief Society, dsire to show our appreciation of her worth by recording her virtues, v Resolved, that wc hold sacred t in qnr memories both her precept and example."" She manifested the gift of fervent charity, and wVs firm in her integrity to the principle of celestial marriage. May we strive to imitate her patience and meekness.her uncomplaining disposition her devotion to God and His cause. , B. J. Simons, President. 38 Old Constitution Building Main Street, . SAUT LAKECTY, 9f tbe-Payso- EfjTABLISHED OCTOBER, 1868. om, her-wisd- pretty-orname- half-ope- n tunic suiitu tan iiictuc ui wjiic twjuicu :tiii. Of Mary Elijah Etta Haskell, daughter of 7 'halesMI, and Margaret J. Haskell, who departed this life Nov, 3rd, 1885, in Salt City, aged fourteen years and thirteen d fi . ller home is in Bluff City, San Juan Co., Utah. On the nth of last July, she left her home and parents to visit her sister who lives in the Twelfth Ward, Salt Lake City. W hile there, she was taken with the typhoid fever, and She was died, leaving her parents almost broken-heartethe" Y. L M. I. Associaa member of the Relief Society, also ' ' 7: ' tion. V The two societies, conjointly, offer the following resolutions of condolence; Whereas, Providence has seen fit to call from our midst our much esteemed sister and iatite cause of so labor to finish truth the nobly begun on this, earth in a' of these Associations, ofTer members the, splicre, wc, higher felt our heart sympathy to the bereaved parents and friends of the deceased, aud although-he- r loss is keenly felt, both as a faithful member of the Associations and a deVbted .. .1 . . . r Jl .. 1, . - - . . - . um;u:i( we iru uic patcnu win icel reconciled, Knowing she was taken from a world of sorrow by a just and L-tfi-e " : d. co-labor- -- . r . 1 1 Alice Malena Johnson, daughter of Alexander Wilkins and Alics Malena Barney, and wife of M. E. Johnson was born at Provo, Utah, February 28th, 1857; baptized in 1865; married March 15th, 1874, at Mona, Juab Co., Utaii; October loth, I875, at Fountain Green, Sanpete Co., Utah; Died Vovember 22nd, 1835, of typhoid fever at Huntington, Emery Co., Utali, having buried her infant daughter, Hattie Minerva." on the 1 8th of the same month. a family consisting of a husband and five small children to mourn her loss. She was a devoted wife and mother, . ; She has been an energetic teacher in the Huntington Relief Society ever since the. organization of. the same. She was ever ready to bear. a true and faithful testimony to of the Lord, always liberal to donate both time and means to help the good work along; was also a member of . the Y. L. M I. A., and belonged to the Huntington choir for the past five years, and was always punctual in attendance to the same. Her loss will be deeply felt by the community, as well as her bereaved family and friends. We feel to deeply sympathize with her family and friends," and pray that our Heavenly Father will comfort their hearts in this affliction and kcp them pure and spotless, that they may be worthy to meet her in a better world to come. And let us all be humble and prayerful, and so order our lives hat when wcare called to go behind the vail, we, like her may carry with us a hope of coming forth in the morning of that glorioisjrsjectionjh the faithful. Talitiia C. Avery, President, She-leav- IN MEMORIAM 7 Sarah Wimmer, F. Auerbach ' - " of p.. Bro. LADIES DRESS Walton. Thou art gone, dear sister Mary, To mingle w'th the blest, Amon the Jusnolarryi Jn the eternal rest, '" Dry Goods, Notions, Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEEN8WARE, ELEGANT COT AGRICULTURAL tT ' CALL AND EXAMINE. ' - 3D-.ri- D MENTS, celebrated wftWfouce on short notice. Ordew frt, the country promptly responded to. WlirtU, tATTS J1XI3, Ba 255, tiLZ UlZ CUT. ' . . " CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DKUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADE3 AND NEWEST DESIGNS. . l3T We carry a Hrg?r and more coroptete Stock than any house In the west. . 8. ELDREDCE, Supt Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S latest and " TlvEis"cSc CO, riplum138 TOOLS AND IMPLE ' Tl N N ER3, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS Q LASS, ' Will be found the TRiW!IflG$. .Miss Mar? Haskell, vho departed this life Nov. 3rd, iSSs. ' '"""' by.c. fe A Full and 'Jomplcte Stock of - --zr' . Secretary. Spring unci Siiinmer Goods r--T- to the memory " MILLINERY. :''' 'Dedicated IMPORTERS' AND JOBBERS OF H. 1 Resolved, That a copy of these Resolutions be placed o the record of these Associations, and that one be sent to the Exponent. Jaxr M. Walton, President R. S... Mahy N. Jones, President Y. L. M. I, A. es SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. the-wor- merciful God. r jfmmsm vr - of-Jesu-s - has a 'crescent nd a in circular-shapepiece of cardboard for its foundation;- the is covered with peacock blue satin, and the circular piece stitches; arrow parts are Joined tojether with is the tied in loops at ' circular piece and of gold cord edges the point of suspension, the ends of the cord being tipped with gold tassels. The circular piece has orVjt a branch of the nasturtium vine, with dark red and bright yellow 'flowers.. A novel style -- -&M&X ZgTV styles - pioductlons ' In LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortmen T JR "3T of ' G-OOD- S: Special department for Ladies' MiBses' and In-ant- 's Shoes. 112, 114, 116, US East Temple Street. 