mottoes' exhibited-o- n -- the walls, the work ot liro. Wlntbeck; one ot the pictures depicting 'Elder R. Braby blessing a child.' The numbers who attended, including Kt rangers,, was without precedent. , , Alexander R. Clakk, Branch Sec. iDCSaml-iiinetec- The meeting was o pe n ed Jjyjb gin gaud, prayer, as usual, the roll was called, and the minutes of."the previous meeting were theirread. Sister China Lutz was then set apart to fill the vacancy that would he caused by Sister Jen- - n. i . sen's departure, and f listening to some -- .. - it JiJione of. TI.t may appear to others-that- ;. my business, as I do not live among the "Mor- -- WOMAN'S VOICE. thouirht- - proper to insert them in your valuable little paper. I am glad to notice in the paper the interest that-thsisters take in it. 1 thought I would like to be one amongst them to bear my mite of testimony to the great work of the last daySjto'encourage all to press onward courageously and faithfully; never mind thejscofjsjand frowns of the world; we have all got a cross to bear, and it will make our cros3 the brighter to shine when we have performed our part, and shown to all the world and our Heavenly Father, that we are on His side. Some have oury oeen engageu duc a snore time m tms work, and. some have been for years; I myself have been engaged in it for thirty-twyears, and have had many ups and downs in it, and expeet many moreif I am spared much longer; bu my age tells me not to make any promises, but to hold on to day, and if I am spared till still hold on, for we know not what may bring forth. It is a time of trouble, bht we were never promised much pleasure in this life, and if it were not for the" hope that is in us, through the promise of the word of God, I fear if many would be able to stand firm, but I would say dear sisters nevt r mind the scoffs and trials of this world, we: have all a cross to bear, and if found faithful it will only make our cross the brighter. Then let us try and bear all that is put upon us, till we are called to give account of ourselves; then how pleased shall we be to hear the wdcorue word, "Well and faithfully done, enter into my rest." Oh! how good will that rest be after such a life of toil and trouble that some of U3 have borne. I can say my whole life, since I embraced the Gospel, has been trial and vexation, but I want to hold on, and if possible to find that rest which the Scriptures speak of, "There therefore, a rest for the people of God." ; Dear sisters, that , we may bo found faithful to our covenants and enter into the joy of our Lord, is the prayer and wish of your sister in the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ. H With best feelings for all who love. the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ, I am, Your sister in the Gospel; E. B. Exponent, iLyoU e o w it-i- - one-continu- ... . not-kill- John . M. Russell. . A FEW WORDS FROM MO AB. Editor Exponent: th, . ; 1 Thinking a few dines from this part of the country would not come amiss," I take pleasure m writing. urlielierSccietv is .trying to keen with the rest ...... of the Society - as' near as possible, V e j,uvu tjiuiD wuu icciiug ai least. hold our testimonial meetings monthly, and bur working meetings every two weeks. We have very good meetings. un the 4th of May we, .with some of the brethren, held a meeting in honor of Sister Mary Jenson, previous to her departure for Colorado, she having been President of our Relief Society. She is a faithful eister, and -- Wa3 mUCh OP fVIMi JW 'Jj oil OcaMnl.la.l " ,'.tU 1YIWU MISCELLANEOUS. ' alone- I UH. Divine confidence can swim upon those seas which fteble reason cannot fathom.- Bishop - Ifallr T - : , To" become acquain ted in youth with woman develops all a a great mans powers, and gives him a thousand talents. Ex. Next to knowing when to seize an opportunity, the most iaiportpnt thing in life is to know when-t- Tho only forego an advantage. o " trie play.ffr. r A shrewd .old gentleman once said tohis marry :';"" J C !, .A.l,f : erse. hx. - 1 L- . lhe man who neither sees, hears nor Ex. way of preventing a single ,. parD-c- i pates in an ything beyond hiiown.immediala eurrounding3 can know little beyond thenarro boundary ' of his 6wiiindiyiauality a very circumscribed sphere to live and work ?n.- - ; , principles.. Lots of folks ppend most of their days a plantin' seeds that wont come up. But if the idee is true and ha? got lrfe in it, no matter how dark tho mould that covers it, it ii. morally bound to sprout positively bound to and cau't be hin dered. camantna. "And I thought I, would write a few lines to the e desi re fromabsorbing ournaturc anHuTrun g" our usefulness is to oring othdrs into constant Fx. Dear Ebutor: be-so. Alabama. Mahy M. Pearce. - I- - mons," hut X sympathize with an honest and industrious people, who are trying to establish are being imprimitive Christianity,, and posed upon and misrepresented by a, few adventurers, who have set up in business there :' to fatten and grow rich on the honest toil of the Mormons. . I' ' - This, I learn, is the case in your country. The Mormons have This ought not to seventy-hper cent of the population, and bimht- to control almost everything, even though many of your best citizens are disfranchised, if they would act as a unit in other matters that is, never spend a dollar of their money with any but their own people, establish your own fashions and trade only with your own people, and let no empty declaration of friendship fool you, for words are mighty cheap. If they have not incurred and brought on them selves the opposition of the world bv uniting with the Church and being in full harmony with you, have nothing to do with them; let them severely alone; don't patronize their schools, nor places of amusement, nor attend their churches, thp.v , for if jvou are riirhf. r o j to wrong, and gospel speculations ought-no- t be encouraged by those who have the truth already. This may look selfish to some, but the la. w of requires your case, for the and flattering talk your young pretty goods people will see and hear at the stores of Babylon will lead many in their ways, and this weakens the Mormons and strengthens them; . i t i r .i auui ir.inis sdouiu continue in a lew years they will have the majority in numbers; and then, backed by the Federal Government, as they are, you would be driven away from, your homes and property, as your people .were in Missouri forty years ago; but if you could act as a Unit, and have no dealings with the enemy, they would not be tempted to settle among "you, and it would help to drive the spies and traitors out of your midst. In war times the most enlightened people have hung spies, and traitors; but I don't en- umge nttiiiu, i ir ma Diuie says, moil ." Shalt But don't visit your enemies nor receive them in your social circles; the . ivimio )vuciiui, anu n Hill, III but the dare-dev- il time, drive all .inj sort out of your midst. self-defens- e vtry An?tsn6m&'M terestmg remarks maae oy tne oretnreu. With best wishes for the success of your paper, 1 beg leave to subscribe myscli, Your sister in the Gospel, A GENTI LES ADVICE. Mes. E. B. Wells: e -- so with He who is never dissatisfied with himself or others, and never discontented with things around him, cannot be expected to make any strenuous efforts at improvement lie may live out a j ue oi ease ana serenity,j)ut it win be the ease of torpor and the serenity of indolence Ex. NOTES AND NEWS. women county superin There,are eighty-on- e tendents of schools in Kansas. Belva Lowlwbod is expected in Salt Lake Citv about the Iast,of June, and will probably lecture here. Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, President of the Woman's Exposition, will- - return-froNew Orleans about. June 15, and go at once to Newport for the summer. Roberts Brothers of Boston, have i'usfepub- m lished Mi3 Ingelow's new volume. It iY entitled "Poems of the and the New." Ex. Old-Day- s Mrs. E. C. Agassiz is said to be writing a biography of her husband, Prof. Louis Agarjsiz, with whichwill be incorporated many import ant letters. Ex. The Empre?i of Austria, although a errand- mother, is considered the first huntress in Europe. She is fond of the society of circus- riders. on account of her love for the horse. cathedral of Mjscow, built to hold 10,000 persons, and at a cost of 2,000, 000, is just completed. It h'as taken fifty years to build, and. was intended to commemorate the defeat of Napoleon. Ex. The Rev. Dr. Shaw, of Rochester, N Y.t pastor of the largest Presbyterian Church in the United States except one, lately preached The-enormou- s a sermon in which he avowed his belief in woman suffrage, and declared that he saw no reason why a woman should not be President of the Untied States.. Ex. Victor Hugo, who was one of the most age. Victor Hugo, France, on the 26th died las month in Paris distinguished men of the was born at Basancon, of February, 1802. .His father, who was from Lorraine, was a brilliant General under the first Napoleon. His mother was -- a remarkably brave and courageous woman, and the poe in his verses referring to his romantic and adyenturous life, saya he wandered all over Europe before he was born. Although his father wished him to be educated and trained for the military, his inclinations led him in the direction of literature, and that of .a hih order. The first three odes which made him famous jwere written before he wat twenty "Tho Virgins of Verdea," "Henry 