A WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - TT T its sheltering EXPONENI WOMA 'How folds. Have or aoth of September. Therefore, at the June ""Conference, only verbal reports will be required. the mighty I fallen!" i tit nexT.onierence ui itnu Uv.vV The htli handed "mannerin hich the law has SUkewiUAjedi Idaho surpasses even what been administered--inand yet such injustice goes ZJTHE.-ctosinexercisesat has occurred Terms: Utah. .SaltLnke in ?ity, "".I'ublWied : suffer must unpunished, and "our poor country" one copy one year were more- than usually interesliiigThe wie ciy.': ix months. tfl.W. 'len rwith students and copit fr ihe price of nine. . for the misdeeds, of rutVAess.. plunderers and carlarge study room was crowded ratA Kuch square. ten lines oi' nonpareil &rnt-tr,v T (pace, onetime, V2.50; -li r moujLhX-S'.:; 'T Con-'.'"" visitors. Prayer was oiTeTidirbn.II.S.Eldredge. t;-. reuLatOirrtfe);5lThe Edmunds law has been pronounced The University: singing class,: under Prof. E. oince.Koi.m No. 1. upf airs,- footer & Eldreuge Prof. Block, Main Street, u fcw doors south of Z. C. M. I Kasmess stitutional by 'the Supreme Court of the United Stephens, furnished music or the occasion. liours from 10 a.m. tj b p.m. every .day, except Sunday. ul! buine corpmunicnlkms to Address States, and whatever may be the opinion :.T;.B. Lewis made an eloquent openmg address, ' ' 1'LJiLlSHKH WOMAN',? EXl'ONENT, reverence the the matter, and women concerning and an appropriate and feeling valedictory was Salt Lakk Citv. Ttah. ' have for the., country which they love and - given by Charles" Engia'nd, normat student, from June i, 18X5. they will Salt Lake City, submit H yde Park. President J. R. Park responded In honor, give them grace and courage to a to the enforcement of the law but they Juve a suitable address, and after giving some special T I I E TO I'iC 0 F TH E DA Y. administraadvice to the. normal department, presented diigli'no'piegatnst thethe numwicked "and unjust protion of jt, and against plomas to the normal graduates; fourteen in The topic of the day is the. ceedings of officials sent here to administer it. ber, from different parts of the Territory. The present crusade, far it can be called nothing betBut if men think for one moment there; is no chorus "Good Bye" was rendered by the singers, Saints,- the different ter, against the Latter-daGod' in this matter, they fall into an egregious and Hon. Wm. Jennings, Regent of the institu- methods pursued to entrap and ensnare men into error. Men may scoff and ridicule the Latter-da- y lion, pronounced the benediction; the hands of the enemy. It might be inter esting thoudid the 'even the Savior as Jews Saints, as a study if it were not so intensely cruel in its The annual meeting ' of th Primary Associafind to ere but will, of sands long, they ago, years effects upon an innocent and inoffensive people. their shame and sorrow that God lives and reigns, tion of the Nineteenth Ward was held inthe The impaneling of the jury is in itself a misermeeting house, on Tuesday last, May" 19th, comthat lie is the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, able parody upon justice,' and not at all according mencing at 2 p.m., Counselor; Miss1 Ella' Nebeker,, and that He honors those who do the works of to the American idea of being tried by oneVpeers, presiding :n the absence of the President. ChildAbraham, and who are not afraid to: be found of which men, everywhere, talk with such pride. ren sang, "In our lovely Deseret." Prayer by serving Him, though all .the powers of darkness The Commissioner's ofnce seems to be a reguElder E. Beesley. Singing, "Gather up the sunconspire to hinder them. lar trap set on purpose to deceive people, and There are many things that might be worse; beams." Minutes read and approved: Yearly when they are told the Grand Jjiry are not in than this crusade, bad as it is, and," there- - report read and accepted. This Primary has two session, and they feel comparatively at ease so manuscript papers, one by thie girls and one by fore, the Saints ought not - to murmur. for far as 'deputy Marshals and spies are concerned, the boys'. "The Gm," No. 1, of Vol f was read were a. devastating sickness to cover all the they are arrested without any notice and taken by the editor, Miss Dora Bowman. It contained be fore the Commission cr and bound over i rTbond s r - land. as has t een prophecied of again and originalpoems, essays etc, indicating consideretc. Witnesses are also questioned and bound again, there would be more sorrow and greater " trials than those through which'"7 the people able talent, and was very well read. Miss Violet the most insolent" over, and .if Jhey.,donot-,answc' are now passing. There can be no doubt Nebeker, organist. The programme was as folHow many questions, sent up for contempt, lows: Song,Katie and Euphemia Irvine, ' Weepthat trials sveh as the people are experiencing women might be sent to the penitentiary in a now'will be salutary and beneficial in their effects ing Willow;" Original Poem, entitled "Persecuday in the City, of New York, or even good old however hard it may seem: tion," by". Miss Olive Derbidge, read. by herself, Boston, or Ouaker Philadelphia, if women were ' was an interesting feature of the programme;" The brethren who are in prison feel well; they arrested and taken before a commissioner and are comforted by the Holy Spirit, and their familr Essay, "The Sabbath Day," Master Wm. Neal; plyed with the same sort of questions? If they were as unwilling to reply as Lucy Devereaux ies rejoice that they are worthy to suffer for the Song, "Mama's Boy and Papa's Man;" Verses from the Bible, Master John Pugsley ; Song and their penitentiaries would soon be full. Gospel's sake. However this is at random, for they don't Many who were accompanimentjFreddie Derbidge,Freddi Ridges before, and es,. and the Alvin Beesley; Song, Amy and Rachel ask them who the fathers of their children pecially among young people, are growing 'Never forget the dear ones around the social are, nor they don't " provide even a penitenstronger in defense of the principles of the Gospel, and this is something most desirable and gratifyhearth ;" Song, Julius Billeler and Claude'Ridges; tiary to put them in, but let them crawl into ing, and for which the Saints certainly have reaSong, Misses Bertna Irvine, Addie Solomon, any corner or hovel they like.or let good and noble to son for women who have the courage and humanity to it is upon the rising generation Lydia Kiddle and J.. Galligar: Dialogue, Annie x rejoice, do it, proyide places of. refuge for these unfortunthe burden of the work of building upZion must and Emma Hamlin ; Verses from Christ's Sermon fall. And Zion will be established in ate creatures and their helpless offspring,- or on the Mount, onf of the Ridges', boys; Alvin they inevitably are lost altogether, and die of disease and beauty and glory, notwithstanding persecution Beesley and Johnnie Pike,Boatsong, with 'chorus. want; and who is to blame? Not legislators or. confierce and "strong, and the clouds hang This finished the programme, which showed wages great and dark at the have in the children; and to regulate such gressmen, they heavy time, the storm will present improvement special training " , by the President and her assistants. Remarks rlhsJblLrusiness is tx see after those who clear up. enter the "marriage relation," and who provide There is no fear in the hearts of those who are were made by Sisters. E. C. Clawson and E. B. homes and comforts and luxuries for their wives keeping the commandments of God, for they Wells, also by the presidentf the. Reiief Society, and their children. know all will be well, though they may feel very Sister Rachel Whipple, and her counselors, Sis- -' Their business is to make laws that will disthe in situation which the Saints are now ters Annie E. Neal and Ann Player, also by Sis- deeply franchise the very men and Women who have placed. ters C C. Raleigh, Jane Macduff and Mary. :spent their, lives in building up the country and a"u ujr iiucr jc. jueesiey. me young making an oasis in jLhe desert, where all may find EDITORIAL NOTES. girls who have charge of the Association certain-i- y a resting place- in' peace, ani.sec.uriijv.and having-foundmanage it in a very admirable manner, and are homes and" habitations, built We are pleased to' acknowledge the gift of a deserving of great credit. up cities o and towns, fostered institutions of and learning bouquet of the choicest and most beautiful flowers established governments in accordance with' the The annual meeting of the Primary Associaimaginable, from, the garden of Sister Martha tion at Big Cottonwood, was held at the ward jaws ana Constitution of the United States, in McKay of this city. The fragrance was most house on Friday, May 23rd, at eleven to tne best of their ability acted iaci navmg a.m., Mrs. up to delightful, and these emblems of purity, conthe rights and privileges given to free citizens tiien Sutherland and presiding. Singing, of stancy and affection are always erateful to a Invr prayer . llilE frrAI t t? eT1l,K ii ,1 f. by Bro. Mumford. Singing. "Minutes of last ot nature. annual meeting read and approved. There were .i.uiwvni1rTic sum ucscn.i mention, but we must not foreet the lar e. to about one hundred children be subject to imprisonnappmess, and lovely bouquet from a little present, about equalin ment and fines, to be tried by a Primary girl divided ly and boys hot of the jury girls. Programme of one's Nineteenth Ward. Many, many thanks. Peers, but of men who hava no conception of the a Mother," Master John ''Somebody's M. I. Horne, Prest-.o- f Mrs. tke sense Relief of honor and nobility that ugh Quist; Dialogue, eight little girls; a song; Recitacharacter of this Stake of Zion, wishes to- - state to Society izes men who have taken difthe tion, "Twelve things to be avoided;" seven upon themselves ferent branch Presidents that have not girls and holy covenants, is a fact at which sacred and procured boys reading in concert "Arthur's Prayer-the heart the new and. improved blanks for making out ren Isabel McDonald, song, "The Old with Hat;" Song that" ports, they can obtain them from her; also and chorus, 01 justice in a land" half a dozen free-.n- i. by that the girls; Master Alas! for the. ..banner of report will be required for recitation; Valeria Brinton, liberty floats the Stake Conference, in the latter on over the "land of the free part of July "Good Order;" Recitation, Elizabeth essay and th and a Andrews, copy of it will answer for the Relief brave." wnat and some other exercises, all Society are rendered which creditably Conference, will be held about the middle completed the programme. Remarks were made " thejcrsijyjhis tah, in-U- : - - .A'Jv-i-rtiin- ' pet.bagr'-- - - -- r' Kxi-dsKN- - - of-me- , , one-side- d g- - - y . , - , - r . - faint-hearte- d Col-)ett- . . no-tim- e . """t - ed -- . . ; V j -iionran exer-cise- s: " laPPled this-semblanc- e semi-annu- 2 ' 'Mc-Donal- al d, 