L U. Jlssi E iS Savior ttarwfci --'tW cMIdxa tie:? bevi ; 0yVibrwII E 3c - " "cka - Ta tach thm purity, Now thou art tailed as Peter was javWfc:i SIij!vrji . ; - O. ChiltL Burton, Secretary. : . We desire to present you with a slight tribute and testimonial of our love and respect for you, and of our appreciation of your valuable services for the benefit ami building up of these associations and to thank you cordially for your faithful labors in our behalf, hoping and trusting that your good works and ennobling influence may continuo.that you may be a bnghVand shining light through many future years of happiness and prosperity, and that your pathway may be strewn with the blossoms of faith, hope, friendship and affection, that will entwine in a fadeless wreath of immortal flowers to bloom forever, while pleasant memories of past associations will linger with us in years to come, together with-t- he bright hopes that we shall all meet in a glorious reunion beyond the shades of time; when we shall see as we are seen, and know as we are known, when the mists "that obscure our vision hero have rolled away beneath the rays of celestial sun rise, when it enfolds the esrth In its radiant glory ,while sweet echoes of songs of praise from immortal lips float over the happy inmates of a world redeemed. . You hare labored well, dear sister, , In the cause of lore and trnth, Yon hare been a brave enlister To Improve the minds of youth. Many years you've labored fruitful In the place you're now resigned, And your labors have Lecn faithful, Bearing fruit each sUp you've climbed. were vain to wish you pleasure, Riches; JautytJTaniflfjeartb, God will meet yon out your measure, He will pay you for your wottb. It Diamonds, pearls and gold may glitter, Shedding beauty rich and rare; But pure gems of thought are fitter For God's faithfnl ones to wear. We would wish thee all earth's pleasures, All its beauty, wealth and dower, But we know for thee there's treasures Laid beyond man's feeble power. Treasures to thy heart far dearer Than the richest earth can give, And . thy labors draw thee nearer Every day while here you live. Then we'll but ask God to bless you 7 With the crown you have won hereof eternal wealth and honor, All the hopes yon hold most dear. 8tillJprogreEslng may you ever Keep In view the noble aim, Ever trusting, doubting never, - Till eternal rest you gain. ' J . . IMPtRTERS AND JOBBERS OP Dry Goods, flolioDs, the-30- th in songs, speeches, recitations; etc., and every one seemed to enjoy themselves. Much good instruction was given by the Bishop to the young, and the party , dispersed at an early hour. Jessie Robb, Secretary. Governor Pierce has brought down upon his devoted head much righteous indignation from the advocates of Woman Suffrage, not but everywhere throughout only, the land. The Woman Suffrage bill passed the House by a vote of 29 to 19, and the Council by a vote of 14 to 10, but was vetoed by the Governor. The New York Woman suffrage Party .State Executive commitee have written a letter to President Cleveland, asking the removal Governor Pierce, of Dakota, for vetoing the woman's suffrage bill, passed by the Legislature. It has been arranged that Princess Beatrice's wedding should take place in Whippinham Church next Jul v. during the O UPPn's summon - a, lesidencajitJiborne---Anadditionalitem- s- that the honeymoon will be passed at Quarr Abbey,Lord Cochraue's place between Oaborne and Ryde. The precise daytrf the wedding will not be fixed for some months to come, but it will be either July 22nd, 23rd; or 24th most likely the 24th. The "Order of Ceremony" has not yet been drawn up, but we understand that it is the intention of the Queen to give the Princess away herself, and, asjit present arranged, the bridesmaids will be members of the Royal Family, AGIUCULTURAL . TOOLS AND IMPLE-". 1 ' . . CLOTH AND ' CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL I GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. S&" We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any house In the west. H - S . E L D R E D C E ; S up t. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will be found the latest styles and pioductions in . .. LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, . GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And nn elegant assortmenf of DE,"Y" GOODS:and Special department for Ladies' Misses' fant's Shoes. " ' 112, 114, 116, 118 H o m e-- M In- East Temple Street. ad e S ilks! Silk Drew) Good.s Otlomn, Gro Brocaded and Plain Satins and fpralns. tJrenadlnes; also JIandkerclilers, For Sale at Manufacturers' Pkices, by Ilome-Mad-e . MRS. B. P. MUSSER, v 8econd EIouso South of Silk Factory, Canyon Rjai Auerbach & Bro. A Full and 'Jompjeto Stock of MILLINERY, A CLASS IN MIDWIFERY . - Groceries IENTS, :. - Will commence a class in her, office on 1 1885-- a term consists of ten weeks. Two lecturesMay every dar Saturdays excepted. Tuition a Term, SI O.OO. Books, S 13.00. Dr. Shipp will remain In the city, and can be found at her oOlce and residence, CO 8. first West Street. , ' NOTES AND NEWS. The Grand Jury for the April terrajofjhe Third District Court has been impaneled. 9 HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, I ; GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, - : i - 1 SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. r "' TESTIMONIAL like other wards throughout this Territory wehave acted upon thewise couusels-of-oulate President Brigham Young, and have our Mutual Improvement Associations of both sexes in good running order, and much good ha3 been the result East fall the young men began operations - towards purchasing a library, and invited the - yuuug ittuies io- umce wun tnemi ana tnus do joint owners in the same,whch offer they gladly accepted, and we now have a good library. The 12th of February being anni- : versary of the birth of our President, Sister. Sarah Ann Hart, the members of our Association arranged a very pleasant surprise for her, and presented her with a handsome easy chair", in recognition of her labors in the cause of improvement A sumptuous repast was provided by the Association, and the evening was spent Wo o WEBER. Editor Exponent: Of love and respect to Sister Romlthe Canfield in behalf of the Y. L. 31. 1. A. of Weber Co., Zth 1885. . ; March DeabSistee: - m. ." A FEW JOTTINGS FROM WEST The following testimonial was presented to Sister Rosalthe Canfield: " A OCTO H K 11, 1 - IAnd.Zionfs cams defend, That when ILs comes on earth to reign Hell find a noble band, ; ' Worthy in thought, in word and deed To stand at His right hand. 1 TTnw firm a ' fori n d a t iin M. 11. ' , 1 ' Benediction by Brct' 'z tru&i and lore,- rmission's math the ume. So, sister, may the grace of God Henceforth your work attend, That Zloa'a youth may rise In power v' . BUS 11 K s-- v' . KSTA a beautiful writing desk, and aitr a few very Bro-- J. JnU rtingiarid- - i n if n? c tree-r- e mark by Suaiord,SLter J. S. Richards and Prest. Herriek, meeting was adjourned for three And were they tnind in rlitteonszws Most ooUe ceo they'd fce, . rAa-4Peter was ths chotsea ona Tn'pAths ttfVfrt The retiring sisters were each presented with and Summer Sprint - tsa- - AND Goods UOIES DRESS TRimmiflGSr CALL AND EX AMINE. TINNERS, CAS,WATER & STEAM FITTERS AgentforRUMSEY,S celebrated LlFTand FORCE PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on abort notice. Orders irom the country promptly responded to. -- 