WOMAN'S so Solomon . Jacob also said, "Behold, David and 7" truly had many wives and concubines, which thing .:; vas' abominable before mesaith ihe Lord." "This ', is a point held to most tenaciously bthe opponent; of plural marriage as an argument that cannot be ' 'efutttVcja .than one is the abomination to the Lord He does . the least tha 'nol sayvSOrcarrea:Jn EXPON ENT. huit the feelings of our poor brethren and sisters. '.,u. thevsh all inherit rh e e a r : h . 1 W e 5 e d are.tr.e in h(irl tnrthev shall see Gck -- v'H . Extent,. will you be so kind tne isicis uav lutiijnmauistjf sisters who would gladly attend con my itear ""TTTT7 , cnapter. as to teit ..I how dear glad Exponent Good evening, my manv poor could afford a better dress, so that am to see you, tor I was wishing I had some one ference -- 1 e eli n I i te sad b w Ave r u f :tr4 they would notj.be; scorned by thei'ell dressed terrible earthquake Jiy been reading about the awiui that Madrid, the cholera in Asia, "my dear sisters; so that at the next conference the life and sprout in Texas, that destroyed so much poor can say they enjoyed themselves, and were its on an equality, with property, and about .the yellow fever making - treated as they should-be- , Inthe of annearanee a?ain at New Orleans, and - -v V ! .ivi if-the- ra y - having more jvjTes than one;at the same lime, but it Lwas Jthe many wives and concubines they had that was abominable to the Lord, which thing also (so manv u i ves and.concubinesAyoald to any chaste and Mrtuous person. It -- is' recofdeTT- Bible that the Lord gave Jo 'mo re" D!aja&4isy if He had asked Him for them. By this I under-stan- d that; the Lord justified David in havnngjnre ti me r bu t it was the thai! 0 neitHhT-sam- e having of many wives and concubines that was abominable to Him. Jacob again says, "For there shall not any man among you have save it be one wife, and concubines he shall have none." The question is frequently asked, "Why did the Lord give this command to the Nephites, if plural marriage is There are many reasons why, but the right?-'-'-" following one I think is sufficient: In the revelation, on celestial marriage 'given through the Prophet Joseph Smith, it is recorded thafthere is never but one on the earth at a time on whom this power and the keys of the Priesthood 'are conferred." We have no record of Lehi, or any one of the Nephites ever holding the keys of this power, or;ever having the right or the authority to seal wives to any man. If they had not this right then it was wrong for any. man among in'-ilie- - , . - theinjoaye jTiorewi r - atrther same-ti- ves-than-- one me. Jacob sti I further says, "For if I will, saith the Lord of Hosts, raise up seed to me, L will command my people." This presupposes that the Lord would, at some future time, command His people to enter into plural marriage; Virtually foretelling that the Lord would yet command His people to enter into it for. the purpose of increasing the posterity of the Saints upon the earth. We are now living in the time when the Lord ha restored that order of marriage held, sacred among His , ancient people, and theTSamtsliave been commanded to enter into the order of patri archal marriage, or "be damned, sayeth the Lord.'' PajusaysTiie Gospel is the powert)f Goof vnto salvation to all those who believe," and also that "man is' not without the woman, nor the woman without the man in the Lord." If it is so that man and woman must necessarily be together in the Lord, then the Gospel plan of salvation without the principle of plural would marriage being practiced in the Church, whereby every woman might be joined with man in holy matrimony for time and all eternity, that they may eternally increase in an exaltation in the celestial kingdom of God. There has been, and is now, a 'numerical preponderance of womenQver the men in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latteray Sunts, and probably will be, with an increase, untn, as Isaiah has said, seven women shall take hold of one man to be called by his name to take away " their reproach. Much might be written on this subject, but a "word to the wise is sufficient," and all will understand, when they fully comprehend, the plan of salvation, that plural marriage is necessary to make that plan complete, so that all who will may attain to that glory and exaltation promised to the faithful. S. F. A. L 1885.. July 9, , ' " , BEWARE OF PRIDE! "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaTen. Blessed are themeek,for V - JiVii J 1 - K. and. oh 'dear! some few more of our brethren . t isnot Yet il tetOiiciTSiiTrifirr o a!U!i:sjUdne". smVe6TtTTtiTn2swe .. saw at conference, which was over a few days ago. There were some of our mothers in Israel dressed jonbTcingman ne r . rio we rs, r boon s, oh! my soul, fringes and bucrles, and I thouq-htWhat a pattern for the young, fair, daughters of Zion. "Mothers filled with so much pride and loftiness, do youpr can you: expect anything else WINTER QUARTERS. but that your daughters will go astray, seeking , after the vanities of the world? Oh, mothers are you followers of the meek and lowly Savior? Then why so much priqe! Have you read the Scriptures, where 'it tells how the daughters of Zion shall bow their heads with shame, and mourn because of.their pride?" Ah! here comes an old lady; she has g rown old and grey in the Church, suffered persecutio ns and hardships, and should be respected and loved for her faithfulness, left a widow early, with a family of small children, which- - she has toiled day and night with her Own hands to raise respectably. She has come to conference to renew her spiritual strength, to associate with her brethren and sisters, and hear the good instruction that is given to all.-- She is neatly, though plainly dressed as wellas her circumstances would allow yet she does not wear a bonnet covered with ribbons, flowers and feathers; no, she has come a long distance to. hear the word of God from His servants, and her head is covered in a neat sun bonnet. -- But what has she done that she should be slighted by those proud ones? She has taken them into her house and fed them, and given them beds to sleep in, in times past. Then why h kindness ?fOhTshe is not well dressed and, wears a sun bonnet.1' Indeed, but that is awful. Well, would it take anything away from your greatness to be kind to her, and make her JeeJlthatshe was. welcome? When you receive your crown as one1 of the queens in the celestial city, do you think the shock would be too much for you if you should see her there with her plain clothes and sun bonnet, Out upon such pride; I have no patience with it. Go humble yourselves, and" repent of your sins in sack cloth and ashes, ye Latterday Saints, or you will never be among that choice number. Put by your haughtiness-- be meek and prayerful, kind and loving to each other, for is not ours one cause? Are not our fathers, husbands and ; brothers in exile? Yes; and even some of them in groan prjson. Are not many calls made upon our brethren and sisters for 'aid and assistance? Then why should we, who are so small in the eyes Lord, scorn our poor, but equally worthy sisters ? It would be more pleasing in the sight of the' Lord if we would all dress more plain,nd not-ruafter the fashions of Babylon, lesf we partake of her sins and receive of her plagues. It would be quite as becoming to Latter-da- y Saints, in this day of trouble, to be more plain, and not spend so much for foolishness, when with that means we might do more good. 7 A great deal is said about the word of wisdom. There is no wisdom in following fashion and all the nonsense that it brings, It will not exalt us one whit in the estimation of but by our pride we lower good people. No", ourselves. We also ! notre-turnue- ; -- . . - , com-mp- n of-th- e . -- -- - Y 15 1 IIKLEN MAK WHITNEY. - (Continued.) "Father arose and said:" 'Bfo. Kimball has mentioned the idea of writing things down, in order tEut you may ask questions. It ia a I love intelli good idea. is a perfect torment for me to gence, and it to some people. Many a and talk down sit time I have sat down and talked with folks upon trivial matters, and have actually got some new ideas by asking a little question are backward in asking Some, from diffidt-nceintelligence; but no gentleman would laugh or sneer at another when a question wa3 asked, even if it was an ignorant one.' , "Brother Kimball' asked the brethren and sisters if they had enjoyed this party ps well as the one at the Council iiouse. 1 hey all answered Yes.' He observed that he would like to have his children learn to calm them selves, and he hoped thatthey wouldalnd and keep the watch wound up, and when they lost time refer to the chronometer. : "A hymn being sung the meeting was dis- missed with a benediction by Bishop Whitney. Bro. Kimball dismissed them also with his blessing." One thing, which: I have neglected to mention, was the kind and brotherly feeling brethren towards'Bishop Miller,' wnenevcr ne came down on his way to Missouri, where he went to trade for provisions. seems that they prevailed on him to return to winter quarters, and at a meeting held at the Council House, January 26th, he being present, "it was moved bv President Young, aud stated by President Kimball, that inasmuch as Bishop Miller, being here, is' about to return to this j)lacwithhisJamily, we build him-- a houserr Carried unanimously." Wm. moved Pitt that John Kay also return. Seconded and carried. Monday. February 15th, my husband' mentions the Bishop's arrival from Punkaw, bringing with him part of his family, his house being nearly finished. 2i , , A party was given'on the 16th , by President Bngham Young Jo his adopted children. Horacays, "I went, by invitation, as a musician, witn some others of the band; had a first rate dinner, and spent the time very agreeably. Toward evening a couple of brethren from the array arrived, viz.,Bros. Thippetts and Woolsey." I hey had journeyed thirty days without eating anything.except wild game, on. the road. They were invited in to supper by Bro. Brigham. had been robbed on the road hey by the j and divested of most of their apparel, ihey said that most of the brethren were located about three hundred miles from Santa be, and this side of the mountains, where they mtend to remain this winter. A number of theinhad died by. various diseases the aue and fever, etc. The names of those who had died were read over by Brigham, and among them was the name of Joseph the Richards, son of Phinehas T?inW,1a , v UWt: . niani-JestecTbyt- ln-diau- - , 4 he s, 