120 SISTEKS' VISIT TO GRAXTSVILLE. """'unctioii, riuto Co., Utah, AThcro ehe lircd nntit htr death.. ... ' She leaves a husband, one 6on, one nephew aud foiir nieces In the family novr at borne, toplTheTvTth all the Saints In the Junction Branch of tho Kiiiirston Ward hi. Stake,' to mourn her losaT"' IVaco to her and ' : , . . : her resting place forever Wii.L-ii:Jamks lUr, Sen." We dce!y mourn the loss of our - beloved f istcr,. Bay, and wo condole vth her family and friends in their great lossj but while wo mingle our tears with theirs wo would point with joy to tho hope ofa plurion? resu rreetioor wbkfc alL trucrlJaibirday- aTu ' to he held a t Tooele. ITUumTu r vil it a t Grantsviile we were cn- .. ftrtai:U--aL the. .homes of. Pro. A root Hale, Br y Joliir-EahaBrv. Alma Hale, ITra.; Wm. Young and at Bishop HunterV The vi-- i t w is a very agreeable one, and the people : .vefe mo;t hospitable and kind.: .J?L-L-l-:.- iree-month- On Friday raorninz, Doc. 1 2, 1 S I. in enm- ami E. S. Tavfor, piny with Sisters M. L Homevia. of the laah :ve started for GrantsSriiie, ' Western "Bail Way, to attend the. onfemice of the Kelief Society, ?Y. d ni, L. Mil. A and Primary Associations, of Tooele 'Stake to" be Jield at Grantsviile. At'the Sliil crossing carriage V and hordes met us and we droveto Grant3yilit wore calling at Bishop Hunter's, where joined by Sister Mary Ann Hunter, and pro-- ceeded to Elder Samuel Wool ley's residence, a little outside of town. There we. were imt hospitably welcomed and feasted upon the good things the country afford. In the evening the family gathered together in the large and handsome parlor, and in singing and music, with conversation upon various topic, the evening passed pleasantly away. Elder S. Woollcy Jim., the 'Eldest son, who had recently returned from a three ) ears' mission to the Sandwich Inlands, gave us some of hU experience there, and .the little jolks sang, among 'other' pieces, fiome very pretty songs composed in, honor of his return home, that had been set to music i y Prof. Ratline of that place, Saturday morning the conference of the Relief Society convened in the Grantsviile 'rri'ect i ng house, Mrs. M. A. II untcr"presidiug.Tlii rv' were present Prest. H. S. Gowan and 0'junlur Anderson of Tooele Stakeand other brethren. Sister Jane Eastham gave a brief report of " ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, I Vimary Association celebrated their second annual meeting since the A s p:ciou platlurm 5 was-excellen- - (fl prepare! in the nieuing house,, on which the little ones were arranged, their bright, happy .faces expressive of tbe pleasure they felt on the occassion. The and the. selections prograninie .. 1368. had-bee- : H 1 - t, . will rendered. AftVr the opening hymn by all the children, B v Co wan and .Daisy Pettit welcomed the andiencriiMrcliarraing little ialogue7which Ml lull mfi II $ I j SALT, LAKE CITY, Utah. (ter this arecitation byl Willie Brimley;,X)ialogtfe by Alex and Archie Buchanan; Organ sol;) by Lizzie -- Brown; Becitation hy B. Bicketts Din t by Lollle and JliaJlar- "croi't E isay by Li lie Pettit;Becitation by Boy ;Jviuiy,iJnrr;iu; IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OP 1 In the afternoon the Pri-mar- X'owan; Son, Emily Abbott; Dialogue." Waiting for Primary," by seven girls, which wa3 .very mteresting, not only from the principles illustrated, but alio from the excellency of its all equally delivery. Other exercises-followed- ,. well presentedand the programme closed with the song,'Love at Home." President Clark presided and the meeting house was filled wit If n pknsrtTit and attentive audience of parents nirlTtenll At the close of the exercises President Clark called upon Elder Brown for a few remarks, and he expres-ehimself as wvll pleased with the order and with the efforts of the little outs r- E;B. Ferguson then addressed the par and benefit of the etism thfrirnpoi-truicciation to their children, and urged upon tln m y conference convened. About one hundred and fifty children were present, Sister Sarah Hale presiding. The programme was a very good one and responded to promptly. Sister Louisa Hale, who presides Over the Pri- mary at Grantsviile, seems no understand hdw to deal with (he little folks. On account of " the weather there were no children present and no reports from otlrer wards in the Stake. The children were addressed by Sisters TayloiyWells and Home. The singing was very good in deed, and the choice of selections both foz sing- Bible Questions were very correctly given. Saturday evening, at 7 o'clock, the Y. L. M h A. conference was. held. There was a numerous attendance, and a great many young men in the audience, Mrs. Ann Tate presidinf. Miss Ettie Hale, who ha recently bet n chosni -to preside over the Y. L. of Gran! si He, made, a few remarks, also Sister Tate, and then Prest Elmina Taylor made a stirring appeal to the young people, followed by Sisters M. I. Horna and E. B. Wells in the same strain. Sunday morning we had the pleasure of attending the Sabbath SchooI,which is under the able direction anoL management of Su'pt.-W-m denncs. liie manuscript paper was "one of the most pleasing features of the day. Sorao of the exercises were deferred on account of the jv'isitors from Salt Lake being present, each " of whom addressed the School for a few minutes. At 2 o'clock the conference convened as per adjournment on Saturday morning, Imd " after the sacrament was administered, Mrs. M. A. Hunter made a fetv opening. remarks, anI wsis fid lo we44y - th e--v i? i t i ng s isters. The su jects treated upoirwere the duties pertaining toil the several organizations in which the sisters were called to laojr, thereligiou?, politicallind social questions of the day, too of ' ' p lying of tithes, storing, wheat, building of Temples and work to be done in them for the living and thd dead, the rearing of children, their "disci-- " pline "and training, family government, etc. Prest. Gowan and Counselor Anderson made some remarks, encouraging the sisters in their labors, and endorsing what had been said dur- - glarh and queens ware, e'.ivjant Out gla-s- , agricultural tools and 1mple- their We carry a Hrger and more complete S ock than any houh In the west. VT with the of the association ia ail their efforts lor tho' improvement a'ud instruciion of the.chihlreu. ' Jjtmdiclion by Elder Pace. offi-ce- H. S. ELDREDGE, rs "The following patents have been granted to nduring the week, ending Nov. 25, 1884: Sarah A. Beolr, Norfolk, Va., Combined Fi'idmg Chair ami Baih tub. M:u-IJi.Lvell, Sp'ring held, Ohio, Hand Pro- - AT TEASDEL'S . y t( -- r.; ; ' - - D. C.,"BIdt-- .' ijooB, Brom wti Thimble or Pad. ting J sora Elder, San Francisco, CaI.,Embroidery A "Will l'O found tbo latest in st-Je- and piodnctions s LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FxlKS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, . x Frame." Supt. LSiecial to the Ladies. v.-o- : MENT8, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. Ay the necessity ' - CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, -- . And an elegant assortmenf of DilT . GOODSfor Ladies' Misses' and - Special department fant's Shoes; In- - 112, 114, 110, 118 East Temple Street. IN MEMOBIAM. - a-a- heavy and shelf hardware, d Thenswers ta JngandpeaUugwxregoodr N, ":' SAIiAH g. SuinVKKKfT. ' ---- On Sunday evening, Nov.. 23rd, the Fifth Ward -- . 1 0 F Fl FXFr WA BIT PB1MABY. ' S. Warburton of the Society of Tooele. Tiie meeting was addressed, by Sisters Hunter, v a -- - X N I YK US A BY - Home and Wells. La-cind- " hetJCTCtyfGrants -- j : . f . Monday morning Broi; Earnest Hale2con-- r Teyed ou r party to the station, Sister Hunter accompanying us to the city.; r in . M?.V. rsi Jljnce Pear Junction, Piute Co.,Utah, Nov. 1st., 1SS!, about 4 p.m., Lticinda Spragtlcrfiay,wIfo' of Jiim-- s Willard Bay, and daughter of FCEtns and Barbara Sprain; jslie was born In Delaware Co., Ohio. December let.,1826, she embraced the7 I them and Immigrated to Utah .ln.1853; was mar-"rie- d Go5p to James Wiijard Bay In the spring of 1S52 by President Orson Hyde at Kanesville, and in the fall received the ordinances in the bouse of tho Lord in Salt Lake City and-- was sealed for time and eternity by President Kimball. Sho moved to Southern Utah and lived in Dixie twa- ty-oyears. She taught echool there for some time, ly and was eEteemcd Tas a "district and Sabbath School teacher. She had tbe privilege of going to the Temple at St. George and doing, a good work for the dead with ter husband. ? loved, to l1 Auerbach & Bro. ' 1'orter-Townshi- A Full and 'Joniplcte Stock of r Sprint aM Summer Goods t tm LADIES IDLTsTXlD V DRESS TRIHI31KGS. (JALL AND EX , I l AMTNEL 3!AMES I' l! - ne ' MILLINERY. p, a. 1 6b CO., TINNERS, CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS hj-h- i ai in fie for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFTand FORC E PUMPjJ. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders irtra ent the country promptly responded to. -- Alirta, UYID Jlgz:, B:j 3J5, CUT lltZWT- - hi br mi 