'tr ucttoDrttmi ma ny--t bcnrbfe that "gs) hi there- - : i h; monogamist of tUl community are viriuoui inrii, lucj (HiHuiL wun no other SvuiiKii "but their own welded wives; but it they " believe what is written in;;;the Abraham" and the Patriarch Wving more wives than one, they cannot set a jurors or hul.l public ollice. But God the Eternal Father will appoint them judges to judge this nation of their ungodly deeds,; even - us lie ap- pointed. Hi servants the former day saints, to . MM . feel very thankful, and " .. : we- Ever 'praying Tfe the welfare Jane So, you see '' 1885:: ' ' tbat judges will be chosen from and - not from those who the work iniquity. St. Luke xi; 52. ''Woe, unto you lawyers ! for ye have taken away the key of knowledge: laws? : , Have we not done and cast them into prison? good to the community at large by making a Inasmuch aswe were , 1 r .i uuil ui paiu uy ooveriimeut aim uouiuug 1v.11 iu. uy Uiiviv jm" (Jul Uii JKHCW) ' dollgreat favor by spending a few thousand ars, out of 'the .treasury; if we let this people alone they will become powerful in the land; t hfti r- -i n d u st r v - mn sfrbech"eckTdFlhTrloo progressive, and they have a tendehey to stand at the head and lea'd out; by clinging to their country and its laws; they are addicted to Bible research and no others can confute them; they belie ve all that is written therein is for learning and profit, which we cannot believe r.or its literal fulfill- countenance; they believe-itoe rjneut, which we spiritualize; they Lelieve-i-" Rnifllv nvwl 'RS nn tlidf llf)VV find "t. UUU illl'l litrinrr x.vvj, luuv formally, and we do here declare that hedias neither'body, parts, nor passions, therefore, He cannot hear nor speatc, ami yet lie la one perand" Holy Ghost. Now, son, the Father,-Soi- i this strange and outlandish people have dared to differ from us and all other sects and people throughout Christendom, and we will punish them .for it, as we did the prophets before f -'- :- V n lli The officers by invitation convened in the 4th Ward Society House' at 10 o'clock a. m , Prest. Annie K. Smoot presiding. Singing, ."Lord, we come before Thee now, "etc.; Prayer by Sister Harriet Goodman;' Singing,T,. "PI 1 praise my Maker while I've breath" Roll called and 22 wardsand' districts responded." ; The financial- - report of the stake was then read. . Mrs. Annie K. Smoot was happy to meet witii so many of the sisters; made some very instructive and interesting remarks. Verbal reports were given by the officers of v the different associations. - Prest. Louie Felt from Salt Lake City being - some encour- and good" counsel, present gaveaed the sisters in the good work in which they were engaged. Meeting was then adjourned until half, past one p.m. Benediction by Sifter Sarah Roberta We then partook of lunch, which was provided by the officers of Provo. Meeting adjourned to the Provq Tabernacle for conference, PrestAniiie K; Smoot presid-nHS- ! pibyjlhaishildxen , "A happy bandr of children;" Prayer by Prest. David John; Singing, 'Am la soldier of the cross." Prest. John then put the names of the stake officers before the meeting and they were voted in as follow?: Annie K. Smoot, President; Elizabeth Taylor and Sarah E. duff, Counselors; Mary Stewart, Secretary;, Grace Smith, Asst. . XSec-- ; Delia Maeser, Treasurer.' .Minutes of previous meeting read and apProgramme was carried out with proved. recitations, dialogues, etc., by the chil- songs, w - .man-made-- - - v. dreir. Prest. Louie Felt made some very goot remarks; told the children to try and learn someGod thing new every day. "Closed by asking ' ' to bless all. Counselors E. Taylor and S. EP- CI tiff exwith Piimary pressed their pleasure in meeting 1 - . them. Mary Ann Merrill Pratt. R3DiaAP.-- Associations. ' : fc Mary Duke. r t : r MORGAN STAKE. at heart; land. The to us, have Kingdom up ' . Exponent ' ' : is an ever welcome visitor and is highly appreciated here; we also other Church works that are read with . , r. interest ,... , We have haoVVvery pleasant wintered the health of the people is .very good. 1 here basbeen no .sickness nor death, for which wo ' r ': Aowsitigz; wnlTe eiugingf-Great-Godatt- eud prayer by-Pre- rannleT laggart; st. smging, "May we who know the joyful sound." . Prests. of branches then gave verbal reports of G. Smith their societies, after which Prest.-W- . made some very interesting and encouraging remarks; spoke of the great blessings the Lord has to bestow upon His saints if they, will only prepare themselves to receive them, he thought the Lord was now blessing us all He could con- sistently. . Prest. Rich said she was much pleased with the remarks made, and also the reports given. Said there were many very good faithful sisters here in this stake who are always at their meetings, she always saw them when visiting the branches and they were always wiadJLii io an me goouTrny couiu; sue leit iaxi me Lord would bless and reward them for their ' faithfulness. Urged the sisters" to diligence and punctuality in attending meetings and Said it seems as ; though the other "duties. Lord blesses and multiplies the littleMiieahs donated to the Relief Society and they always have something to do good with, and so it will always be if we are faithful. She felt to re- memoer ana sympatuiz3-wi- tn ner sisterswno of the perare so much tried secutions of our enemies. Exhorted her sisters to sustain each other and the Priesthood, teach their children the principles of the Gospel, and be saints at the fireside as well as elsewhere. Mrs. Harriet Welsh, Prest. of Primary ,made some interesting remarks upon the duties of wives aiKLmothcrs, and the necessity of being faithful; urged the sisters to send their children to Primary meetings; said the associations were - children. . - . Mrs. II. C Smith said that although ther had been great improvements made by the sectaries in getting up their statistical and finan cial reports, there was still room fur improve ment, and thought it very important to have them correct. Said this life is a school in which we may learn by our own aud each others' exper ence; bore testimony to the truth w3 are engagad,jind of the wokr in i sist not. icr be'iliscoilral in;yeljL. urged the the eml. gAfrTrmtrBiAWtht Choir :i'g,"Jv)rd, dismiss us with Thy blessing" C iilerence adjourned f r three months. lipiicdirMnn lv (oun. M . A. CimmOns. r-- .n UTAH STAKE. - - Conference of the Relief of Zion convened at Society of Morgan Stake the South Morgan school house Jan. 21st,1885, Mrs. Lydia Rich presiding.Service commenced by singing "Sweet is.the workvmy God, etc,;" -ingragr"Now lef us prayer by Mrs- - Ann Fry; Minutes of salvation." rejoice inhe day of and accepted, also previous conference read statistical and financial reports of the eight or showed nine branches of Morgan Stake which slackthat the good sisters of Morgan haveandnot provide ened in their efforts to do good the of needy. for the wants Tonks spoke of the duties of Martha Coun. con- the R. S., aud the necessity of all being overcome by :gtantlvon their guard lest they be to be punc- Admonished mothers - The We hold our testimony and teacher s meetings once a month, and our working meetings once in two weeks. We are few in number, but our meetings are well attended and our desire ia to do all the good we can in helping to build of God in this fai the off Mauy Stewart, Sec, Grace Smith, Asst. Sec. .'Opened .by Minutes of Quarterly Conference of the Re-- " lief Society of Utah Stake, held in the meeting . Vf. ioor 1 ir?i- house, rrovo uixv, rcuruar dent Mary John presiding. Counselors Rhodo Lyman and Emily GCluff were. present, alsa Sisters E R. S. Smith and Lucy W. Kimball. of Opened with ringing and prayer,-readinminutes of former conference, and also statistic cat and financial reorts or tne Sister E. R. S. Smith, the first speaker, said she was pleased to behold the laces ot the sisters of Utah County; was interested in hearing the reports. The labors of the sisters are as-. tonishing,au t .the ar: ount of money they ban-dieWe are "persecuted, but we are not alarmed; we have been through persecution before: we are used to it. There is no justice for us. Satan is trying to destroy the goernment of God from off the earth; he knows' his iime is short. We are in a school, being educated for the' presence of the Lord. We need to ex- o-r.- keep along evenly with the rest of the branches of the Relief Society, as near as possible under the circumstance? with a good spirit and feeling - - . " Thinking that a few lines from Bluff City would not come amiss, we take pleasure in writing that our Relief Society is trying to ' Presi. Annie K. .Smoot though the time had been well spent; endorsed the remarks of the sisters; prayed God to bless all thfhUdreji Asso- aridl Hhe-i- u ' ciations. .v. six fv)r months; Singing, adjourned Meeting "Good night 'Chorus;!', Benediction by 'Sister IiLUFF CITY. Editor Exponent: - ttirhJJina&xy- ItEPGRTS" A .lW City, -- Feb. -- 2Gthr : Saints for breaking Have wc not laid them under heavy bonds stagnation of business? . - ""' : were entering in ye hindered." And ill: that chv they will beiriri to say. "Have we not tried to bring to justice these y cellent remarks. ' Morning session closed by singiog "Praise to ihe man, etc.', Benediction by Prest. Sarali -7 Florence. ;. 2 A.t p.m. the conference again convened. ' " Lord'ri-people- , - Latter-da- ; -- Utah Stake, held iir to their meet- - their-childr- en Mrs. Susannah Ileiner, 4'rest of . L..M. L A., and Mrs. H. M. Thackeray bore testimony to the truth of the Gospel and made some ex- M. Synopsis of the minutes of the. business meet ing and conference of Primary Association of v' V Ziun7 'J, -- UTAH STAKE PRIMARY. world shall be judged by you, are ye unworthy to judge the smallest matters?" "Know ye not that we shall judge angel.-- ? '!.' rnnrdi morf fhimrsr flint Tifrfim ti fliia ; tual in sending g- . Walton, President, Irene; Habkkll,' Secretary. ltibhhut ; bUrS3-iii- of5 Your, sifters in the Gospel,- ' - Cor. vi , ::';vv" ' - ,2:.. .:D)yo not'know:iharf judge, the Saintr shalljiidge the world, and if the liiV?" - remain, " -- j realizas a great Semi-annu- temptation. al i. la-jo- , g -- ! 