WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A SONG OF ZION. ourselves and find it most effective. Silence and repose-- are sometimes the sensations, for in. the bustle of the great living, best breathing, pulsing world," thoughts; they fly away from us and are lost in the realms of space beyond recall. At times when quiet minis . in nature's realms we hunt for these lost, treasures, and though Ave may not indeed fmd them, we have a touch m memory from theta that brings lis calm. most-gratef- , darkness falls, cometh a And long night on, And the trusted friends in the banquet halk. To the foeman's camp have gone, " "77""" And the traitor's tongue and the slayer's arm' Are nerve.d to deal the blow, To bVeak thy strength and to spoil thy homes, By the faggot's cruel glow. " Daughter of Zion.'go lay aside raiment rich and fair, Go," free thy heart of its'worldly pride, 7. And cover thy shining hair, For the wicked watch and wait for thee They hate thy virtue rare; Let thy festal song and thy joy be stilled, And bow thee in fervent prayer, . "i-am- vc, 10'r t"hc , , . Daughters and sons, can ye rejoice When truest and bravest men, Chained and guarded, are crowded in Like lambs in the prison pen? Children of Saints, do ye forget . That the bondage cometh first Till the soul is proved and purified Ere the prison walls are burst? Lo! the trump of Cod hath sounded now The call to the battle field, "Thrones shall totter" and rulers bow And every nation yield; Then forth from every temple's height Shall peal with one accord, "Free Israel's song to, usher in Augusta Joyce Crocherox. South Bountiful,-Novembe- 7th, j 885 r THE SEASON FOR MEDITATION. "It is the melancholy season" of. the year, th6 time when all nature puts off her beautiful garments with which she has been so profusely and artistically adorned, and as it were, bewails her fate, moans for the lovely robes with which she has bedecked she must now, lay asid e -- herself and that forafieasonbari n g her bosom to the piercing winds that blow bo fiercely and the cruel storms that beat so heavily, stripping off even the few faded an. 1 tattered shred that still remained to cover her naked limbs. What a ;,wonderful creature is nature, and how emblematic in all her movements and. in ' all her ways of life, even in sympathy, we might almost say sentiment and positively say feeling. How grand and with what majesty uoes sne array herself alter wearing the royal crown of summer gracefully passing to the still more royal purple and "crimson of Autumn, and with, what dignity doth she clothe herself aa though for a queenly presentation to ail her subjects, that they may behold her grandeur oh hill and mountain height and in the magnificent forests in splendor almost dazzling. 1 In the Spring one's: come thoughts lightly guihing up from the fountainof "the heart like an overflow, dancing to the rhythm of the babbling brooks, and merry songs of birds,and twitter and huniToT insects, but in. the late . 1 -- ; Autumn days, one feels the shade ws of silence creeping on and around, and a sense or (lymg beauty with which the deepest feeling of the heart holds sweet Ere the wmter with its yule-log- companionship. s and - Christmas .11 vi ties has really come, there is oft a sense pf dreary calm, as though nature were enjoy-lD- g a sort of silent repose, and though the iud3 are occasionally restless, and sudden "orms sweep over the landscape, ruffling the composure of nature and of the human heart ana mind, yet this mood invites to meditation, reflection, eentiment,if you will, and "ught, even in a peaceful way one falls to musing and recalling the delights of other days. The keDe8r? shadowy aad fill us"wlth something jond the power of speech, we commune with . : we-loiejn- ul ir No, we cannot live over again what has. gone; but in memory we reproduce pictures of the bright, the beautiful, the - gay, , the sombre and cjouded, all touching tenderly, the heart, through the memories, which have lain folded away from sight, and almost entirely forgotton, until some trifle in nature, or some particular mood recalls it, all at once, we know not ex"' 77 actly why. 77 The dead past, or the face of a dead friend, or the gentle touch that thrilled our souls in , bye-gon- diys,may come with a quiver of pain,7 e or a soft whisper of peace, and, in a moment, a it were, bursting upon our view will appear a whole horde of recollections that teemed to h avebeen bui ied foreyeiv llow beauiLfulIyiare- all such feelings toned, and the proud spirit of mortal subdued by the . peculiar con ditions" of the fading of the green leaves, "the death of Uie flowers," and the sighing aud moaning of the winds of November. The remembrance,too, of "fruitless longing," aspirations of the. soul that hayeailed ofjuk fil Iraentr endeavors" to cl imb to" heierhts un attainable because of the many obstacles in "our pathway, and the rough rocks 'and sharp thorns that left us torn' aud bleeding, andyet in other places loving hands have tended us, folded us in the bosom of peace and guided our weary feet "through the green pastures and by the still waters." Goodly gift3 come too, with the Autumn, a rich heritage of corn and grain, the sheaves sometimes excHing heavy,' and luscious fruits and nuts of brown, these remind us of the meritoriou3 labors of those who have garnered. sheaveTof good works, and laid up treasures of wisdom and kuowlege against the day of need, the time when the Lord, the judge of all the earth, shall require from each an account ot their labors and the" use they have made of that which wa3 entrusted to their care and stewardship. those dear familiar ways In which' I walk and muse alone In all the calm of Autumn days'." To ramble undisturbed at this season of the year and hold sweet discourse with Dame Nature, not in the passive eloquence of words but in that communion of exquisite silence that calls out the truest sympathy, and the best and purest thoughts and feelings of, which humanity is capable. .Such rare moods refresh the weary soul and make us feel that God is ever near to own and bless his children, -- Em. FATHERS OF THE.. NEXT GENERA- - TION. ""Pass by the girl While the general increase of education has opened up many new employments for girls, and they have taken their pl&crsin them bravely, the young men have drifted into "clerkships or. speculation, or into the small politics, mo3t ruinous-oralf- . The same is true in matters of higher culture. --The young m an has become listless, or id e, or has gone undisciplined, while the girls have organized book and music clubs, attendances tures, and otherwise fitted themselves for the more exacting duties of our modern life. It is often the case, that, while the rich young man-goe- s rapidly to the dogs by reason of his , bad habits and worse vices," his sister is engaged in the exacting duties of church or charity, orjn other work which cultivates the humanities and does the world some good." The real truth is tjiatj-thcountry over, there are not enough earnest,, deserving, ambitious g young men to marry the honest, sensible , girls who are ready to do a true woman's part in building up.good and happy homes. Our .family training, defective as it " - has still kept tin; mayJbeJ rein on girls, while it has given the spur to boys, and if the gamblers are sensible they will try to devise some way to overcome this inequality, aud thus bring the young man up to such a standard as shall fit him to do something else in life than to stand off and rail at the foil IPS nr ihp. i f JrnUtJpa nf7rnnnt trnmpn - 1 well-meanin- Selected. 7 MISCELLANEOUS. A beautiful soul is rather to be envied than a beautiful face. Ez. ' ,v Strike from mankind the principle of faith, and men would have .no more history than a ' flock of sheep. Buhcer. Natural ability without education has oftener raised man to glory and virtue, than education without, natural abili ty, Cicero. The darkest hour in the history of any .young man is when he sits down to study how. to get money without honestly earning it. " Horace Greeley. .. - Therejs a gentle element, and man may it-wit- I love. Aunt trained in other countries. breathe a calm, unruffled soul, and drink its living waters till his heart is pure; and this is human happiness. N. P. Willis. " ; "So much of change my life hath known, 7 "try are now largely filled by persons born and the period for once, and consider the ways of the young man of our day. Is ho such a paragon that he has a right to set himself up as .a railer at the gentler sex? That the young woman has taken new fields pf work is very true, but she has done so in spite of the competition of the young man of the period, and thus earned her place by the survival of the fittest. While she has done this the native young man has left the plow and the work-shop- , and has what he .is more supposes sought genteel employment, until the useful branches of indus- - h No man has come to true greatness who '.has not-fel- t in some degree that his life bslongs to his race, and that what God gives, him He gives him for mankind Philips Brooh: I cannot tell you whether there 'is any p ar ticular etiquette to be observed in administering a kiss; the" great beauty of a kiss lies in its impulsiveness, and in its impressibility.- - 1L W.Shaic. Henry W. Shaw ("Josh Billings"), by a humorist, but an uncommonly shrewd coiner of aphorisms that condense much practical wisdom, it appears was the Uncle. Ezek of the Century s "Bric-a-bracr. department. Parents should remember that what they' are in themselves will form a far stronger force in molding their children's characters than the most fervent exhortations they can utterj the most urgent-effor- ts they can make, or the longest array of motives they can present. It is their living example that will be followed. If to them duty is a cross heavy to be borne and .happiness something quite apart from it, perhaps even opposed to it, no reasoning however cogent, no assertions, however forcible, no testimony, however weighty, will ever convince their children of whose death we lose not merely - " the contrary. ; 