wo m a n "sue xLeimfi jnt h?M nr.der the- auspices of the Y. LvM, I, A. AVillanl, which w:is a very enjoyable and " praiseworthy aihiir. - "of T&y&vsp.thJK yaa .woa!4 like, to heir rosr. us in thirik.te Valley, re will give .'you" a brkl sketch of whi weare xkusg. Oar Stcieiv-i- ia .as.' good a condition as ve can wish far; we have a good f t a a house and. a granary attached iacfawiU" $ Ci 1 1 ":.r--work which we arerengaged iu. Wishing the Exponent success, for it is a welcome visitor in our midst. Respectfully, Tt lUAKGAKETiiDCltSUJS, Annie X res. Wright. Sec. M- - ' PRIMARY REPORT. ' songs', recitations and instrumental music, all of which were creditably rendered. The afternoon exercises being over, all were permitted to partake freely of the contents of the baskets of the members of the Y. L. M. I. A., which were well filled with the bounties of this earth, so tastefully prepared that none could refuse partaking of tho pleasant repast, After picnic those prenent went forth'and enjoyed themselves in the dance until near 'midnight, when all wended their way home impressed with the idea that the day was one not v ;. Boon to be forgotten. ' Your sisters in the Gospel, - Minutes of Primary- - Association of Fifth . :i: ( nnr r J n iir wara,i dan. loou, fivtx,. viura. piesiuiug. at St. Johns, Arizona, SIster Harriet Zelnora Clmimm, belovod wife of Elder Welcome Chapmamr Deceased wasonOIiiy'Ti, ISSt, ia Shefliuld, Yorkshire England; emigrated in the William Tap3cot, 1SC2, with her mother and a younger 8i6ter.tSho has been tho mother of four children, only one, a little girl agrd 13, dow living. Bro. and Ulster Chapman were called to Arizona on a mission at tho last iSpring Cooferer-c- e Early In Octob r bister Chapman was hooked by a cpw and died ten weeks afterwards from ths effects of the injuries received. ah was a loving daughter, wife and mother;wo mourn her loss, yef feel all is well, with those who have faithfiil and trim and havo endured unto tho end. May our Heavenly Father shed abroad His Holy Spirit In tho hearts of thoso who monrnVespecially her mother, Sister Sarah McDonald of this city, whoso heart is' sorely stricken at the loss of her danghtcr; and may sbo remember in this her hour of sorrow the comforting words of our blessed Savior: "Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted" and the words'of the inspired Prophet of God who said, "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord; yea, they rest from th-ilabors and from henceforth their works' shall follow f , them. "Com. ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, its f ., pleased to be present, and especially to see so many boys, as this spoke well for the future. Assert How many ittsrtriirectA nifetlnir, also who were the Bishop and Counselors of the ward and Superintendent of Sunday School, which was answered promptly by members. Spoke about the necessity of being obedient,, polite and unselfish; hoped all would remember to pray and be ready to do whatever Sister Clark desired. Sister Ferguson then said" oister Uawson had praised the boys,but one thiDg she noticed was, that their hands were very dirty (when quite a number put them in their pockets). Spoke about a story she had heard, where a whose mother was sick, had prayed ' little ' boy u u:, i . .i ll i lor ner, anai sne recovereu lurvugu uh lauu Said children's prayers are sometimes heard are so in- than ours, as their nravers plrpirmnrfi w J have great faith. - Spoke of nocent aud they i .i o.:.i c i l . i? ouiu uuuur tne consequences 01 uisooeuieuce. thy father and mother was a revelation to children, anxt iTyou are in the path of duty " thInFvnirsencOirs guardiau angels to protect you; but if you do wrong the adversary will tempt you. Asked all to" pray for the Lord to preserve them lrom every ill. Sister Clark then said she hoped all would remember the instructions which had. been given,' and Would like to see visitors at any '':time. Programme was then read; closed by singing 11' r j r- : " Died, at South Cottonwood Ward, Dec. 2nd, 1334, of a chill, Floy, beloved daughter of Joseph n. and Nancy E. Proctor; aged ten years and eleven months. We, The Primary Association of South Cottonwood Ward, in view of the loss we havo sastained by the . decease of our friend and associate, Therefore, Be It resolved, that it is but a just tribute to the memory of the departed, we offer to the parents our sincere sympathy, and say, while we mourn the loss wa shalt fook forward with joy to the oour dear-Floy- , lime when wo hhall meet the dead. Tho angels called and IrTways of an all wise .Providence it was that she bhould go. Though the daya are dark now springtime will coma once more.. Thus we trust pleasant days will t come again for you and yours. "This lovely bud, so young," so fair, , Called hence by early doom, Just came to show how swet a flower In paradise would bloom." Mes. ElizabetetDavis, Prest. 5 Mrs. Maroaket Cahoon, Mrs. Sarah A. Wooton, Counselors. of "Ward tho'South Cottonwood Andnemljers Primary : : 1 Association. Emilt E. Brintov, Secretary. 1 - , i i. son. AT WILL ARD. m ELEGANT CUT GLASSr TOOLS AND IMPLE- - AGRICULTURAL CLOTH AND CLOTHING PURE DRUG3 AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any house'in the west. 1 H. S . ELDREDGE, Su p t- - Special to the Ladies. Editor" Exponent: Will be found the latest styles and pi oductlons . in - LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS,, TIES, And an elegant assortmenf of ID JElfir ' C3-OOH- S: D , I Mlk Dress oods, Ottomans, Gro Rral ns. Brocaded aud' Plain Satins and CJrenadlnes; also Handkerchief, For Sale at .Manufacturers' Prices, by Home-Mad- e MRS. B. P.'MUSSER, Second House South of Bilk Factory, Canyon Road - Special department for' Ladies' Misses' and Infant's Shoes. , 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street, Auerbach & Bro. - A Full and Complete Stock of MILLINERY. Sprin? and Summer Goods - AND LADIES BOATiL DRSS T R 1 11 IS GS. AND EXAMINE. e Home- - M ad e S i ks ! . AT TEASDEL'S , It is a general time of good health among the people of this place. The holidays, have passed ofF quietly and pleasantly; especially so did Christmas day, when a social party was m HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, . close the following: i k 3rj;6esJs,J8 -- (1" Thinking that a few lines from our quiet-littltown, would not be uninteresting to the many readers of your valuable paper, wo en- 11 11-111- m SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. - - - TIM-i- n - r -- GOOD 1SCS. n ti n m . Ella Marcroft; Bible Reading, Ernest Brown; Duftt by Lily Appleby and Lizzie Brown. " An account of the annual meeting was then read. Sister Clawson then said that she was. . cm;: stxc E.sKTj2eA z a n . -- - Organ Solo, Lizzie Marsden, Duet, Lottie and " AUTISTIC 13 AT DfKD, n m Jleyjjiecjia tJoniiiKanJnLxir-- mon Roy," Roy Palnur; Essay, "Happiness, Amy Harper; Reading from Doc. Gov., Lily 7 ANMJ t OBITUARY. 33 U111V,) TO HUY HKAVTIFtr-- IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF Opened by singing".Gather up the Sunbeams;" Prayer by Presk Clark; Singing "Kay, speak no ill." Roll called, 57 members present; minutes read and accepted. The programme was then ' carried, out as ioliows-Recitati- on by E. tv j FJnmr Mttdv. Vnlrntin ws? Mahion.S, Pkrry, Prst., Lottie E. Hubbard Cor. Sec. -''; ! XCLlll, tvJUll, iUlV V corated, w i : h mottoes, pictures, etc., lor the occasion. A: 2 o'clock the afternoon exercises began, and until f t1 m those present were en - eTrla1uMlttalHch3't J accommodate us for several years, which has been dedicated. The sisters all seem , to be alive to their duties and are wiliigg and on - -- f LiCE THE J ' Af H0 "o'clock.' p.m., the. invited guests as-- st :nb!ti at tho hall, which was tastefully de- - JDjT'XJD TAMES 2c CO., TINNERS, CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS FORCE Agent for RUMSEY'S cerebrated LIFT and PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice.1 Orders nxm -- the country promptly responded to.. SA7ID JAlfI3,Bcx 3C8,lSlLI ti.XETCII7. 