WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 12 carcely'affordlo WOMAN'S EXPONENT: in aUcrs ov?jL:I'lven on the occasionof ""etiquette, .and, especially TTTTfrt l7Tn re 1 Ten rv 6t Hat te nbe nr. 1 1 is said, Editor. EMMELLEB. WELLS, too, that instead or being a "quiet" wedding, such as had been at first intended, there isto be a great in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms; J'ul.!ihod deal of" pomp and ceremony, and an elaborate and one 'copy six months, SI. 00. Ten one copy one year; ?2.artistic bride's cake, built up in terraces and .,' copies for the price of nine. -V.udi uarv, ten lines of nonpfirri "A'l'.ertiingvruteH: placed upon a pedestaL,of egU.r- The weight A liberal dkeount ouefim&;fcem.m&t$2M. of the cake will be two" Hundred and fifty ! wmi-nionthl- . incf it i).tf Men cannot PAW. hin-"d- er e ways of God r.or work on the earth, though -- compass-th- the growtlf oriiis afflict- Hi Saints, and they may persecute and even shed the blood of prophets'arid men of God. - s , t To "brTnglo pass I lifowir cea- - oval4iKimai;e-such-a5-ihat-Dt-the-l'nncess -r- f a y, - EDITORIAL NOTES. . - , - ' ), - to regular aMverlisiTs: K. j't.vrNT orlit'o, l:if.m.....4, upstaiirs lloopor A; KMrfrlge outhol- '.. C. M. I. IIliM'k, Muiu Street, ':H t Huii'liy. p.m. evt'ry day, . pounds. ." Jionr.-jfioi- u A'l-frc-- - nil ((.i!)!iiiiii!i,a!i'in .... . Queen Victoria has seUled the difficulty which existed between, "Her 'Majest viand her so!v4n-lad The Grand Duke of Hesse Darmstadt, which uii accuuut of zhis :morganafJ(rpiaTriage to Madame Kalomine;' Report says previous to the discovery of this secret marriage .the Prince was a suitor for the hand of the Princess Beatrice,and a marriage was anticipated, between the two as . t j ii r..' iime me 111 soon as raniamenr-passeuui perroiuing marriage to a deceased wife's sister.- This was of course broken off as soon as the Queen discovered his relationship to Madame Kalomine.. The announcement has recently been made of his marriage with the Princess Hilda of Hanault-Dessawhich is soon to take place. liii-mo- ss w to orig--inate- VV Jii : . J:II Kit JVf , ) JfAVri KXl'ON'KXT, .a r I . a k k ity: r ta f Salt Lake City, June i. 15, 1SS5. SOME AFFA I RS IN E NG LAN D. - i- a - Gladstone's resignation of .the position next to the Queen herself must have been a surprise to look with such pride and the English people,-whadmiration upon all places of honor near the throne, and especially upon any one who is in the confidence of her Royal Highness. This movement will be likely to bring about serious consequences, although, perhaps the. Marquis'of o u, The condition of affairs in Utah is being com mented upon at the present time all over the civil- iz the radical chafrce-trr- a is being brought about, for England has an adap- peop!evilLscarxelv-realH- EEW REFLECTIONS. A bury, whom the Queen immediately summoned to her assistance to aid in arranging matters with a view to creating a new cabinet, may manage the present crisis of affairs so diplomatically that the e ed world. ej)neJLnds---tlief8- are-- n - xfg-tt- x y ignorant of what is believed in by this people, as well as their practices and institutions. This cru sade is spreading the "glad tidings" at home and abroad, and opening up fields for the Elders to glean in, where they may find many sincere and onest-hearted, who "will hear the sound of the Gospel of the Son of God, and obey the tation in matters of State, whereby very grave questions are adjusted with such nicety and precision that the great world scarcely heeds it more than a ripple on a summer sea. But the policy of the incoming party is likely to be so widely different from the tenor of Gladstones administration same. ; that, thuugh the cabinet may come in with the There are many things to be thankful for, and it passiveness of the lamb, ere long there is sure to becomes thejatrer-da- y Saints, as God's peculiar be the roaring of lions, and it will disturb the to the hand of the Almighty people, acknowledge peaceful equanimity of those who have been acin all things, even in this persecution. "God customed to submit gracefully to liberal rule. in a moves He how knows to mysterious vay,"and T,,,ins iaye gone on so smoothly in England " with deal His people. during the reign of Queen Victor ia, that the preswhich the Saints should reAmong ent generation know very little of what actual from. God is the fact that Judge Zane, cognizees political disturbances in the United-Kingd- om in hi? rulings, places plural marriage on such a really 'are, But . from the premonitions of the high plane.. He makes it entirely separate and times one cannot help anticipating difficulties that " distinct from any sexual sin, and distinctly takes will cause disturbances in, the of this very heart ' "the ground that plural marriages are religious in powerful empire. form. their The commissioners have also affirmed, It is said the Queen has not been informed on in their latest report, that all matters on which Gladstone has acted in jlural marriage is'as reprea religious principle as baptism. much senting the government, and she is delighted with Then why should any one intefere with it, while Jus resignation. To exult in the downfall of any those who are practicing it are themselves one is cot becoming, even in a queen, and in this fled with its conditions and responsibilities. Why instance, in consequence of the complication of not allow the experiment to be made, at least; as questions that are already arising from this change, there are so many failures in social life, as well as Her Majesty may have an experience more trying than the indifference of Gladstone, to Royal .in pontics and religion, let the "Mormons" try this social method, which they have introduced, etiquette. and wait a few years more for the result. If the attention is given to foreign policy to the The Savior said, "By their fruits ye shall know neglect of matters in the domain of England and them," and assuredly, so far, judging of the fruits Scotland, etc., it will prove more or less disasof these celestial marriages, there has been abun-datrous to the government, and this seems to be the proorthat the offspring is. pf good quality. present status of the affair. The masses of the The beautiful arid bright children, who fill these people do not care so much for foreign interests as mountain vales and congregate in the Sunday they, do for bettering their own condition, and Schools and district schools, speak volumes to mey are not likely, with the enlightenment of the those in doubt as to the physical and mental mneteentn century, to be satisfied withrmt ,w of children born in plural marriage " j.ttention to the questions pending i.n regard to i ut tan ,s angry because the iiumc auatrs. kingdom of God is increasing in .. TK rnr& a f Ua and in , power 1W uuu pursuing in not invit-,D- K he is numbers, and determined to overthrow it, and he an" of lhe r5-a- l family of Germany to the work, upon the minds and hearts of men to break .wedding of the Princess Beatrice Will down certainly and destroy this of system uuilmuiucm mat mav not be so easily which so marriage, through many souls may find tabernacles in the conciliated, for these unobserved points of roval etiquette are rometimes gr.ater offenses th, n, flesh, apd passing Jaws Jo . slay the as children, m the more "days of Vharoah, he causes tnings vastly important. men to pass laws to Germany, is a great nation, and prevent their being born in England can the marriage relation," but God sought out a way - -h- . the-thing- s - -:-- R. S. Smith has been, absent for in Brigham City on business. a few days ' Sister Eliza ' .; nt A- - ty. lnsty , . Wk are verv grateful to Sister Mary Gray of the 151I1 Ward for a basket of delicious, ripe, red cherries, wintn were luiiy appreciicu. Sisters M, I. Home and E. Howard went tor Grantsville on Friday, June J 2th, to attend the sisters' conference of Tooele Stake, held there Saturday and Sunday, and to visit some of they :. settlements, before returning home. Belva A. Lockwood is expected to lecture in the theatre, in this city, sometime in "the near future. Due notice will be given of the date fixed upon. .The sisters will remember that she has spoken in Washington several times in defense of the rights of the women of Utah. From Mrs. .Sarah Sears of the nth Ward, a beautiful and large bouquet of the most fragrant and choicest flowers to grace. our sanctum. Roses of several varieties and colors, geraniums, honey ' suckles, carnation pinks, and a great many others eqxrally-ch- ai ming, at ranged" withartistictaste'fo please trie eye and shed, around a sweet perfume. Many sincere thanks to the giver. The Presidents of Stakes of the Relief Society who have not received the charts containing the names of all the Presidents of the Relief Society in all the branches in theseveral stakes, can get the number to which they are entitled by applying, either personally, or by letter, at the office of Woman's Exponent, Room No. 4, Hooper and, Eltiredge Block, Main Street, a few doors south of Z. CM. I. . -- We acknowledge, with thanks, from the ofrlce of the Juvenile Instructor, a book of 118 pages, entitled "The Edmunds Law."Unlawful cohabitation as defined by Chief Justice Chas. S.'Zane, of the Territory of Utah, in the trial of Angus M. Cannon Esq., in the Third District Court, Salt Lake City, April 27, 28 and 29, 1885. Reported in shorthand by John Irvine. Price, 30 cts. This book gives every detail of thisTemarkable trial in full. It is upon a subject which the people here ought certainly to understand in all its bearings and effects, and to be Tamiliar with the manner in which the question is treated by the lawyers and jndges who handle these matters in the cdurts of this Territory. It will be a useful book for reference, and ouht to find ready sale. A great number of strangers and tourists ar visiting our beautiful city the present season, and many of them make special inquiries into the doctrines of the Mormon people, and are desirous to learn what effect is being produced bj the enforcement of the Edmunds law, and whether it is work-in- g a hardship for the people. Perhaps the most noted man who has visited Salt Lake City this season was Monsignur Capel, who delivered two lectures here and preached in the Catholic Church on the 7th and 15th of June. He is one of the strong pillars of that ancient church, and prides himself in being one of its devoted representatives. In appearance he is very distinguished; in manners, e polished, extreme; in conversation ex- ceedinjly pleasant and fascinating. His language -is the perfection of English, and his great Jcnowl-edg- e of books, of men and of make him exceptionally brilliant in thecountries, art of conversing. He has quite a collection of "Mormon books and his opinions on the subject may be different after he has read them ; at any rate he is a strong in-th- t 