WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 82 SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT VTNTEit" QUARTER'S. : - BY HELEN MAll WHITNEY. Continued.) a he, like the majority., wassuu"ering from severe cold, and, wa wor.u out, having fuund . no chauce to rest, as yet, but they had do thought but. to go ahead in the name of the Lord God of Israel. : The following intere.iting extracts are from 7a letter.written by a sister of Brigham Young, : .whom my mother's widowed father,RosweIl G. New. York, Murray, married in the. "State previous to their hearing of ."Mormonisin." She w as a dear 7 fr i en d o f my - u n cle, Goul d Murray, and wife, who were then living in Rochester, and had corresponded with them ever since'she left them v j?o to Kirtland:Thi3 letter or copy v,a3 dated at Omaha,. Winter .' Quarters, July lh, 1817: -- -- .. . - ; . . . "Dkai: Gould and Latka: " '"After so long a time, I take up my pen to address you, which J should do with much ran eel ha t in o r e p e aeure co uld I feel an ray communication would ever reach -- you. However this may he, I feel that I must" write, and trust an over ruling power to convey it to you. 1 know you must be anxious to learn something about your brother and sister and their families; this information I intend to give, as the Overwhelming cares of life seem 1o prevent them from writing themselves. . Wm. Murray and Vilate,with their families, are all alive and well, as far as I know. Win. started two weeks ago, takiug his wife an(Ldaughteiuind4ittle with him. He to the summer and fall, expects stay through in order to get something together for the journey to the mountains, the ensuing spring. They. have 'had .dreadful sickness in their family since they left that part "of the country every one ot thorn have been at the very gates of the grave, but the Lord has delivered them from' death, and they live to praise Hirih-saw Win. at a meeting the day before he started: his soul.was ; in the God oflikawmtgapilen hU sal vat ion, and praised the Lord that he was eMmfed worthv to srdler- afllictioa for" His name's sake, "realizing, if he suffered with Him, he should reign with Him Hi? eldest dauL'hter. Jennet to. lives with.Vilatc and oils her nnther, us sho may with great: .''propriety; and enjoys the love of God in her soul from day to'day; indeed, their house is a perfect. Bethel, If ever was bleed it is YilateVthe Spirit of the Lord seems to bo poured out upon her without measure, and her tongue id like the pen of a ready writer, while she pours out her soul in blessings on her household ami her neighbors. Oh! that you could both' he hn lor one week, you would know, indeei,-thwhat of I reality write. 7 au 1 for-Missour- -- morning. This w:s the 20th, and the next day the company moved on. The wagons went four abreast, and some that were there declared it the grandest sight their eyes were ever blessed with.- Their wagons were all neatly prepared, and everything for their comfort. that could be obtained, but yet they will suffer enough. ' -- I h'e-rejoic- ed ; e ' . . ll - -- - Fanny Murray. LEGEND OF THE BEAUTIFUL HAND. : - . f!-?7,11"'- 1 He.ksi:;.wj.mtTiul4o.Ijiyiiuiig.-:inaadi- name ut Vf!iitn'v,'i..uey:;ar ago last February. Mr. Whitnry wont with the piotieers, and left Helen wiu u wot'icr..- Hp was distressed to go aod hav !.. r jnt. a her hour of trial was oniu.g no, but duty called and he must go. Wii n he r t me of "1 rouble came, she was very pick, but very patient; It seemed as though the Lord wiis teaching hern, ireat hmn-Bhi)length gavo.blnU-tabaiiifiiflittr dftughtcr, bat mother End child could not both ? i dsit.ist'i!? vjld Our people have an excellent water. grist mill here, which may cost some thousands of dollars. It does a first rate business. I should like to tell you how. many hundred houses we have built, but have not lately ascertained. In March there were about eight hundred, and many have been built since. Some are very good log houses, and others aDQUt me meuiuiu, uuu xiiauy pwr iuueeu, duc better than none. The land i3 far from being level here, but the hills are really beautiful iar more so, io uc, inau icvei iauu couiu De. If you could sail up the river and take a neen at our town, vou would say it was roman- tic and even grand, notwithstanding the log huts. The season has been thought rather . backward, but at present is very fine. sickness of fit hard last had after a I I fall, wrote you from Farmiagton. I did not reach the camp until the latter part of November, and have seen pretty strait times thrgugh the winter, a3 hundreds of others havTbut have cot alonz with it all. and am very comfortably provided For. I am satisfied, though I;am alone in the world, and all Task of it is to get comfortably through it; I am not disposed to hurry out by any by path but I wait the, leisure of my Lord. I believe my sun-wiset in peace. I do not love the world,- nor the things of the world, and am sorry that so many of our people have such a hankering after the vanities of life. There are all sorts of beings among us, and I know not how long it must be so. We commit all things to Him whose right it is to reign, and we know assuredly that everything will work together for the good of those that love and put theirs trust in Him. My health is tolerably good while I take care of myself; my. work is nearly done in this campaign; I must live easy, or I cannot live at all. If this should ever reach you, I that will not defer writing. beg you Now wishing you to be wholly the Lord's in this world and in that, world which is to come, i Did you iareweff. There was a dispute among three ladies as to which had the most beautiful hand. One We are here on the banks of the Missonri sat by a stream and dipped her hand into the River. The Omahas are the most destream and held it up; another plucked strawgraded and worthless race" of beings that ever berries until the ends of heFfingers were pink; my eyes beheld, but the Lord can bring them and another gathered voilets until her hands up, for it is easy with Him to do whatsoever were fragrant. An old, haggard woman passseemeth Him good. ing by asked, "Who will give me a gift, for I We do not suffer anything from fear of the am poor?" All three denied her; but another Indian?, for we know that for their sake3 we who sat unare suffering all these things, and .we .are sure stained near, unwashed in the stream, with fruit, unadorned with hWerSi that the Lord our God will not suffer them to gave her a little gift and satisfied the poor' T.hf re ha3 beeii reat destruction woman. And then she asked them what, was both with man and beast, since we left the thev told her and lifted up' Nauvoo, but none of these things move us theirdisputeand beautiful hands. "Rpahi i fn indeed ." while we are keeping the commandments of said she when she saw them. But when they our Lord and Master, for we know that whether asked her which was the most beautiful, she we live or die .we are His. If this was to be said, "It is not the hand that is washed clean our home for u. few years, it would soon be-- in the brook, it ia not the hand that is tipped we may not with, red, it is not the hand that is garlanded , .... . oK:,j.. r jimuui with flowers, but the hand that gives to the .md. bom8 of the Miaaourianaare is the mo3t beautiful." As she said these constantly using their influence with the Indians to have poor her wrinkles words, her stafl was thrown fled, theni.kill the "MormonV- but We tru t in the away, and she stood before them an angel from heaven with authority to decide the question inh?rrIn0tprVail; jecda of all kind?, in dispute. And thar decisioahai "stood the 7 1 .. i.-W- down; seven were seen at once, yesterday; we hailed them with joy I mean with our eyes, - f- IlTMSd ' . . - - ' attends the labors oftheir hands. It is indeed cheering to every heart to see every, kind of they were upon vegetation' growing as though . out-doa" race to gee which would There has been but two steamboats here this season; this makes the river appear rather" of-Go- When the pioneers were twenty ye miles from the Elk HornTthey met some traders with wagons and pack mujes, Wdel with fur?, on 'their way, to the settlement?, and Ellis Evans, who complained of ill health, returneT with them, bringing soma letters. One from father, dated Stiadny; April 18th, stated that " the dear little object on :which she had doted with her whole heart; You know how natural it is for our hearts to cleave to earthly objects, and how easy it is with the Lrd to blast every, all in ray. of comfort, that we "may seek our -indeed-s of savor affection-iHim. Helen's life unto hdr. She sunk into the will with all her heart, and her soul was so filled ;with the joy of heaven that sho enjoys rather than suffers her bereavement. How I siiould -- love you to see her and all the family. ViLte is now nursing her seventh son, She never enjoyed Solomon. life before as she does now; she is often fil led with the spirit of prophecy in such a manner as shows the power and mercy of the Great God, and astonishes those that have known her in former years. She is not the poor, desponding Vilate, that scarcely dared" hope for salvation, no. no! but she is that being on whom the candle of the Lord shines continually. Jennette is a great, comfort to her as a housekeeper. They are all striving with ono conserit to make the port ot endless rest. Brigham and Heber, with nearly two, hun dred of chosen men,' left this place on the 14th of April for the Rocky Mountains. We heard from them by way of the fur company, when they were nfty miles from this place, since , wdiich, we have heard nothing, nor do we ex pect to until we see them, and that may be a long time, or it may be this fall. They will probably go till they find a place where we can rest for a little season. About the 10th of June a company began lo collect'at a place called the Elk Horn, about twenty miles from here. By the zuth there were five hundred and seventy-thre- e wagons ready to start; but having some business to come back' for, two men and two women started, but had not traveled many miles when they were beset by three Indians, who intended robbing them. They were unarmed, and the Indians had riflesj one of the men had lingered behind, which left the other abne, but he did not choose to give up his horses, and struggled maufully with two Indians, while the one that stood looking on drew up his rifle and shot him. They were" so frightened at what they had done, that they litu 1UIU UJC WUOU3. The young man, whose name was Jacob Wetherbee, died the next j;r-- Jt?U i , Tthrenh twt of til timer-&U- iU4 - 