THE try and thrUt so".creditably represented in these valleys, without rtiJz'ng, to seme extent, tiiat be such growth in the near future, there-Vitand development among the people In trade, manufacturer, art, science and literature, and In everything that will make a country wealthy and powerful, that Utah, through her sons gain a name asd place that must be recognfzed even by 'her. enemies.-- The youth of Zion h.ve th? ability to eccrmplieh great things Thfy have the I h) fcieal organization TTAnTcTTdTrloI courage, frmness and forcf;-witcomblteJ with" - Etrergth of intelJect, and the mind aud the " heart prorerly, cultivated, and every faculty carefully adjusted, ty means of wite and Judicious training, what miy not hi t xpected in the next fewyea-s- . Greeca was not prouder of eons her then Mormon" parents are to dsy of their sons and daughter? bDrn in thoe mountain vahs and fastntsge?. They have Inhaled the breath of freedom frcm-thebirth, and their : fathers and mothers have felt l a WOMB'S EXPONENT. H2fLIlf IS. Editor. WELLS, The mseting was well attended cmVidering the season of the ytar and tho inclemeccy of tbe. weather. Reports were heard from nearly all .i . T Mruimr r o ir r 7 t "vm inn nio r r 7 - : iabi!sbel In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: ce copy one year, $2, DO; one copy six months $1.00 Ten opies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each s ,uare, ten lines of nonpareil 6pacv one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to send-monthl- . il v, . regular advertisers. " Exponent Qffice.Tioom Kcvlup stairs, Ifoopef and El dredge" Block, Mai a Street,' a few doors south of Z. U. M. I. JsmesshoxiraJirom-l- O arm. to every day, except Sunday. .; ; Address all to" Publisher "Woman's Eipohent, Salt Lake Uty Utah. SALT LAKE these-cbaraeterlsti- h CITY, JANUAKY WELCOME - 18So ir A Happy New Year to aJIour readers, patrons and friends ! The beginnicg of a year is always We have fraught with entimenta! jast bid farewell to the old year, and there is a eort of sadness in the very fancy ef parting, but the new j ear brings an tici ration an i subMme reeolvcp, and the influence of the desire to do batter, to aim higher, to live nearer to UoJ, buoy 8 one up and makes glad tha daw n of the the new year. The division of time Is most wisely arranged, and the tflct upon the human bouI is Inspirational. There is a time fcrall things, said the preacher, and if menwere abe and judicious in the matterof time no doubt seasons and a :- "They bawl for freedom In their senseless moods, And 6till revolt when truth would set them free, " Xicense.ihey mean , when they cry liberty." 8uch axe the men who call out so loudly frcm the pulpit and the platform to theyoung "Mor- - of all things or to tome this people that the It may new year has dawned darkly for the Sa'nts, but the old say Ing, It is always darkest just before the dawn," will prove true in this instance, as it has in hundreds cf ethers In which the Letter day Saints were concsrng' ; the clouds that now oheeure the horJzm and darken the homes cf faithful followers of Jeaus, will roll by, and the sunshine of prosperity will lighten their pathway, or God reign?, and He will be acknowledged in the earth in the deliverance of His people from bondage. Have the Saints any reason-t- o fear those who are keeping the commandments given them to tb3erve? Nc; but they have every reason to Believe there wl'l be a blessing in the bitter cup now poured out for them to drirjk. And it may be that thoso who are eo aoxioui to bring trouble and sorrow upon an people, will drain the dregs of the bitter potion which the gain's will only taaje. Beein ' "That the sun shines out the brighter " rcou?," to declare themselves and break away from the superstitions of their father; but they cry in vain, for though they may Influence here and there one to renounce the faith for which their parents have endured so mucb, the majority will remain faithful and will atta'n to great- ness, and eventually become a mighty. nation, and all eyes will ba turned to Z'on, for her fame will have reached to the ends of the earth. Therefore, espe c'aliy for the youth of this people, should evey year dawn with bright hopes and high resolves to make a reord that shall be worthy the noble ambition of men and women who are striving for the highe-- t priza that is. in store, and fcr a name that is Imperi;hab!e and an Inheritance that is uudefiied. Thev who . "Mil t 4UnA . 1 l.l nvvxA nraAO.H jjoBtoo luetH juieiiumai-iujesBinga nave no time to listen to these boasters of freedcrn; let them howl; "Let the heathen rage and the , thesa who fear LPepte. God and keep His commandments have everything to hope for and nothing to fear. : 2 TT7 1 1 ; 1 j When the storniy tempest clears.' But howevtr dark the hours may seem, this Is a time for great joy in the hearts cf c nimon humanity, for there are mscy thing? all have to be thankful fcr. When cnrtLquikes and rye'ones. famine and war and dire distress in different parts of the earth are eo freq jent, those who are living in a land .where peaoe, rrofneritv." . .l J t . lir nrrl auu VifhUK ucanu nuIt juuu, uave cenaini aoun-dacause for rjo:cing and being thankful for those munificent gifts bestowed by a divine- " a . nt PiiiMr ' ' " "' There is a bright future In store for the Saint however mush they may have to pass through in the meantime, for the kingdom which D uilel caw ia commenced in the earth ar.d all nation?, will yet see and acknowledge that the Utile stone cut cot cf the mountains will become a mighty pwer in the midst of the earth. No thinking person can look upon Utah y with the natural resources it possesses, and the Indus to-da- HOME AFFAIRS The Office of the Woman's Exponent has been remove 1 to the Hoojpor and Eld r edge Block, Mln Streetrjust a few doors south of Z. C. M. I., up stairs, in room No. 4LJ:Xand men In busi"hTmerchant?, ness have been liberal to the poor during the holiday time, and much has been djetributed by-tB'8hopnd theIielisf Society through the ci y. The'weather hai beonjdvorabla for those who" have been short cf fuel, tnd it is ardently to be hoped that no one has f nffered. There is certainly no need of aoyreal euflarlug hiie the granaries and barns are filled with grain, and the cattle abound "upon a thousand hills." The conference cf the Relief Society of this Stake was held ai per appointment in the Fourteenth Ward Aise mbly r Rooms, on Friday the 26th of Dae, Mrs. M. I. Home presiding. - coal-deale- - rs he UO - QllU-i- U VCi JUL UUL VU U A 1 Jm c M. I. A. held tlfeirp, Mr8.rMTy A F.tezu pre Biding. Brief minutes of each of thtsu meeting v will appear in our next iasue. Prim nry meeting, heid In the 13th Vr4rd Assembly Room?, Nov. 12 h, 1S91. Mrs. Lydi Ann Wells presiding. Bishop M. Atwood and Counselors preaent,tI.-- Pest Ellen C. Claweon, Prest. Rachel 11 Gantand Slater R After the- usual cpanicg exercises the minutes were read and accepted; then Pres. Wolla excused herself from giving theadarefs sne was appo nt- ed to give on account of the length of the programme, and wishing to hear remarks from the was carried out -a? fol visitors. The nro?ramma a u lows: Bernice Johnson," Recitation; Llilie Burt, Song; Lottie D. Goforth, Recitatior ; May B. B'ythe, Select Reading; LIde Btromburg, Song; Meta Jfeierson ana jviauae Anuerson, uisiogue; Annifl Rtrnmhiirfr. Oraan Rnln! Malnnlm Tiritlpr. Select Re&dintr: Bible Ouestions asked.' and. answered by the children. Sister Clawson gave Boma excellent advice,also Sister Atwood made some remarks calculated to encourage, and was followed by the Bishop, who spoke upon the order of organ'z'ng Primary - , maiks were excellent. Counselor N. M. Empy made somo good remarks, after which thereslgoationof Miss Miry Ann Hanks was presented and accepted, and a vote of thenks tendered her for her faithful and diligent Jabers in the Association for several years past. The organization not having been entirely complete slnca the resignation of Miss Georgie Spencer, last spring, Mrs. Susan Stringam was appointed as FIrsi l Counselor to the President, Mies Kate Wells as Second Counselor and Miss Annie Thomas as as Assistant Counselor. These sisters were elected by" unanimous vote. Miss Matilda Mortenson was appointed to the office of Sccretarjrand MUs Nellie Gcddsrd as Aislst- . r i. I mi l il sustained by vote. The officers were then set apirt by the Bishop and his Coon elors, after wnicn tne programme was reau ior inentxb meeting. Singing, ''Love at Home." Benediction by Counselor Francis Platte. ' . 1 REVIEW OF EOOKS. Imagine-avaia-th?n,,- , HUCUj : , and after, having nought to deprive the parents rfTHblTrlyTprate cf freedom to thtir children, telling them to shake cfF the shackles that bind them. In the Words of the - r .gloriouj Milton, tho-over-rul- CIVIC ... "Tho greatest glory of-- free born people" Js to transmit that freedom to their children.'' There are a class of people who have come here on porpose to take from the original sett'ers and rightful poifesscr?, their dear'. bcughfc rights to rob them of eve?y sembJanC3 of freedom and there would be. It is mcrtslj who fall so far fchort, and not the great pispenser of times and Cll - " 1, 1865 Bentlments cxpreaseu. The l'rlmary Asfioclii- tlons held their conference the next momiajr, Mrj. Ellen C. Clawson presiding, which wa VT cs - ,..' busincss-comnninicatiou- s & We have received' from the Juvenile Instructor office the pamphlet, "The Tennessee Massacre and its Causes, or the Utah conspiracy." A lecture by Elder John N caoleon, delivered In the Salt Lke Theitre, on Monday, September 22nd,l884, and stenograpbically reported by John Irvine. For Sale at Juvenile Instrcctor Office prlce, lQ ctsr-- It contains aTcomplete narrative of the tragedy, and of the attitude of our enemies, the political ring in Utah, with extracts firm the Salt Lake Tribune, and some criminal fctatistics, showing who are the here. Taken altogether the lecture la a very able setting ftrth of things that have transpired here recently, all of which, through the press and the representations of men in office and the liw-breake- rs " generally, including priests and pareons,have had their bearing upon the people outside, and those that are unacquainted with their real life no doubt, by means of these malicious statement, imagine the Mor mons to be something very dreadful; too wicked ' to live on the earth, , anti-polyga- parly -- . 