WOMB'S 1EXPONENT, TELL -- V Woman's Kxro.NE.v r, JK MOTHER. Relief Society record W It is only when girls are known to conceal became 'their dofDg5:frmfftheirthcr that therInnocent scandal. . targets tor the shafts of faults are always condoned by kind mothers, who know that they were. proae to mistake will not do vhea L- -j yotiJi ami a girl is keep anything very culpable if she sure towoman a no'secrcts from her liiotjier. Many i now looks back- upon- - her past fe and see3 "that had she been compelled to tell her mother Bingham, Sarah. Kittie . Dt E. . pufe't taLi'Je; ist Counselor, Secretary 18US. OCTOBER, It is our painful duty to record the deaths of .Claymore,, Parley, who who "departed" this life July 3rd, 1885,-alsbreathed his lastTjuly 5th, 1885, sons of John F. and and sorrow. It is said that young tod much about themselves, but it is to do that thau to tell too little; and secrets which may lead to deplorable It is the little rift in the. lute consequences. that spoils the music, and it is these little dejects, of character that, lead to some of the ,' greatest evils of life, " Elizabeth Snedaker. They were faithful members of our society, always-readto perform every duty. They were belo ved by all their associates and friendsL who' grieve .their bss4 but not without ' . hope of a glorious resurrection. from our but midst, Dear children, we miss you you have left an influence that will be felt for good by those Your knowledge far exceeded your whom you have left. theyears, and you have gone to perform a work behind " Vail.- NOTES AND NEWS. - " " ;- -' Our deepest sympathy is extended to Brother Snedaker and family, and we pray the Lord will comfort their he a rt in their great distress. Frances Hanson, President: H. V. Carlislk, Secretary. Mill Creek Ward, 3rd District Primary Association. A Mohammedan university 900 years older than Oxford is Mill flourishing at Cairo as in the days of Arabian conquests. It contains but one room, the floor is paved, and the roof is supported by 400 columns. , SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. ? - .Jmolhexy-iieE4eathh- e- father having died many years ago. We' leel to deeply sympathize with thebereaved ones, praying God to protect their youthful steps in the paths of virtue and peace May they prove faithful to the principles of the Gospel, which she faithfully taught them. Resolutions of Respect to the memory of Mary Golightly, who departed this life August 2nd, 1885. Whereas, it has' pleased our Heavenly Father to remove by death our beloved sister, we, the sisters, of the Eighth Ward Relief Society Resolved, That we recognize in the death of our sister the loss of a worthy member and efficient teacher, that we deeply sympathtze with the bereaved family in the loss of a'n affectionate mother. Resolved, That these Resolutions be spread upon our minutes, a copy be presented to the bereaved family, also to the ExroNENT for publication. Esther B. Fletcher, Prcst., A plan has been devised and it is proncninced practicable, for connectand Paris London ing by pneumatic tubes, which through telegrams and parcels up to, eleven pounds in weight .may be transmitted. The time fefltj. transmission is guaranteed not ' to exceed ene hour. , HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEEN8WARE, el euan t cut glass, al man, with a brownish complexion and striking face. Souza's son was educated in an English boarding-school- , and was married by a French priest, although the His six thousand king is a Amazons are nominally his wives, and they form a which is said to be superior to the regular soldiers in courage, discipline, and loyalty. Uarptrs, d fetich-worshippe- r. Catherine Palmer, axe Cowan, Counselors. d Editor Exponent: IN MEMORIAM. Itislvith and nVother, and a true Latter-da- y Saint. She was loved and respected by all who knew her. She has been a long sufferer, and her faith and endurance were remarkable. solutions, of respect. . Whereas, The alwlse Father has seen fit to remove our dear sister, Lucinda Busenbark Monroe", from this sphere of action to a more exalted one above, therefore, be it Resolved, That we, her associates and in the Clifton Ward, clo ..deeply, mounu her loss, and that "we cherish her memory, and emulate her good example. Resolved, That we sincerely sympathize with the bereaved family m the loss or a good wife, mother and rs sister. Resolved, That we present a copy of these Resolutions to the bereaved family, al,0 that .a"' copy be sent to the agricultural. tools and -- - " As members of the Burrville Relief Society, it is our painful duty ; to inform you of the death of our beloved sister and esteemed fellow laborer, Sarah Jane Burr Coward, who departed this life on the 14th of July, 1885. Deceased was born on the 18th of July; 1855, in Salt Lak City, Utah; was the daughter of Charles C. Burr, and Sarah &oat Bur r, and wife of George A. Cloward. Born and reared in the Church, she was faithful and true as daughter, wife, mother, and as a Latter-day Saint She .was the mother of six 'children, three of whom are living. The following Preamble and Resolutions were unanimously odopted by our Society. Whereasour beloved-sister- Resolved, That we deeply, mourn her" asTwise counselor, an afiectionate sister and a faithful, and consent with in Zion's cause- bnt uM e ve mourn her loss we our hith andcO"fidence in God, have thP assurance thit rm - ments, imple.v : cloth --and clothing, AND WALL CARPETS PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIQN8, VST We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any H. hou.-- e in the west. 5. ELDREDCE, Supt. Special to the Ladies, AT TEASDEL'S the and latest styles in Will be f ound pioductlons LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortment-o- JDIRj IT 112, f Of OO 3D for Special department ' Shoes. S; Ladies' Miases' and I In-ant- 1H, 116, 118 East Temple Street. A Full and 'Jomplete Stock of MILLINERY, Spring and Summer Goods AND :ir L AD I ES D R ESS T R I MW1 N GS2 CALL AXD EXAMINE. deled - J Resolved, to, 1 ! DAVID.. JAMES c CO., TINNERS, CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS for RUM8F.YS celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders front copy f .his Pre.syc and tbese Rm0. 'f 's F. Auerbach & Bro. , Second Counselor, Sarah Jane Burr Cloward, in consequence of the falling in 0f th roof of a house at Fish Lake, on Tuesday, 30th . -- PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, : Juliano de Souza, the chief of the semi-royState of Wydab, who possesses a fully equipped battalion of women warriors, is a tali i DryGoods, lotions, Groceries It is the painful duty of the Eighth Ward Relief Society to record the death of another sister, who has labored with us as a teacher many years Sister Mary Golightly. Her death was very unexpected. She leaves a. son and daughter to mourn her loss. She jwas a kind.and indulgenL t '(. . The Woman's Congress is to be held in Des Moines, October G, 7, and 8,- next. The annual meeting of the American Woman Suffrage Association will follow the next week at Minneapolis. Thi s proximity ' of time will TveTopportuuifry to attend both meetings. AND JOBBERS OF IMPORTER - . : . !. .. feelings. of great sorrow that we record the death of our dear friend 'and sister, Lucinda Dasenbark Monroe, wife or Major M. Monroe. She passed into her eternal rest on the 18th day of June, at twenty minutes to .three o'clock aju.r 18S5, her daughter's residence in Cache Co. Sister Lucinda was bom on the Trovidence, ' 29th day of April, 1838. at v Niagara Co., N. y, She was First Counselor in our Relief Society, and Second Counselor in our Primajy : She was a faithful wife 6 ft y - , EVA STARR, fm y IU:kr, President,. ANDT.HiK., OBITUARIES. caped tin girls talk far better ft harbor body-guar- anna . 1 - broad-cheste- SdKAH .,'' r : Dixor, Sara i,r E.HOWELL.7 . her husbaml.and that thry 1 t7 "parents, and to toiFClard's bcTorwanJed to the Ext'OXENT TTVbe forsvded for :Etr2ABiTHTW'-HQWEL- .. -- that they b? pUced upon our a?id the country promptly responded to.. riltxM, Mm WW. B 355, BiXT UX2 CITT. ji 