woman; s e x f 114 But she chose for to bless her in her old age. herself and failed utterly. She often referred' to the circumstance during theTolfowiug spring and summer and spoke otvthe ;y with the greatest: reverence and tenderness. -- 'It' I could only have had the least token from him," she would say, "that would have decided me; but alone I could nut; no, I could, pot! I know it was very .wrong, but 1 must sutierf all-ra- y life, now!' and she would reason like this: "If I had been baptized and.lie had'left here and . given ine no recognition ;'of alftclibn, I should have been stitHnorx' unhappy; for-- hen. " we met again it would aiufmy life" would have been an empty oue; my heart would never have been satisfied. Here, where I never shall see hiniNrgain, of himT'eilherTTfter the IjUleJjrancjr lias moved west, I may outgrow this sentiment .and marry someday, perhaps ' when I am "tired of myself and need some one to take care of ouhg-missidh--ar- y - w Tt was the fatal mistake of JSarah'3 life. Afterwards shGtttellliownTcrhunidrum and only made herself usefully going among her relatives and assisting, them . and well organized mob in a government pro-- . iiin gito-- 4 be-g- ver netUy-- 1 a Wr w i t h 1 tenant Governor (Lilburn W. Boggs), the look in gon-second officer in the IS andsecrctlv"' aiding-the Saints " You iior know what cur Jackson ., : -- leave the country, boys can do; ud- etc." "And when' Bishop Partridge, who was .without guile, and Elder Charles Allen walked off amid the horrid yells of an infuriated mob, coated likesome unnamed, anknown bipedjand-on- e of the' sisters cried aloud, " While you,who have done thin wicked deed, must suffer the i -- he-Ite- u-r o -- Umjv.: vft ljjenjotrj orhear t o-- s -- ixen gean .. - . :J3 iy, secution, can rejoice, for hcncefoTth for them is the heaven?:: Siire-J- , laid up a crown eternal in ' ly them was a time of awful reflection, that c-t)- od-lli- f man, unrestrained like1 the brute: beast, may torment the bod v;' but God in return will pun; ' ih the soul."' The y continues, "After the mob hid ceased yelling and,retifed,- and while evening mant br uvci" t lie" li was s pread i n tcenery, a? if to hide it from the gaze of day, men, women and children, who had been driven or frightened from their homes by molr began tore--tthe y el Is and t h ni from their hidi ng places in thickets and cornfields, woods and grove?', and view vith heavy hearts the scene of desolation and woe. And while they mourned over fallen man,.they Wioififrd with iov unsneakabethat they wexe.ae- ctiun tf tl worthy to suill-- iii the"gdun.)iis"caue of their Divine Maker.' "There lay the printing qfiice a heap of ruins, Elder Phelps' '.furniture strewed over the - ground as common plunder, the revelations, book works, papers and press in the hands of the mob as the booty of high waay robbers. There was Bishop Partridge in the midst of his family, with a few of his friends, endeavoring lo scrape off the tar, which, from the way it ate to have been prepared with comlime, peariash, acifl, or some modity to destroy him. And there wa Charles Allen in the same awful condition." As the heart sickens at the recital ,how much more at the picture! More .than once these people in this boasted land of liberty were brought into jeopardy, or threatened with or death because they wished to worship God according to $e revelatiorsof heavthe Constitution of their country and the ' en, dictates of their own conscience. O Liberty how tlnu art fallen ! Alas Clergymen, where ' is thy charity? In the smoke that ascerideth forever and ever. Early in the morning of the 23rd of July the mob again assembled, armed with weapons red flag, whereupon the of war, ami beaiing-- to-da- y man-hater- . at fairs and church festivals, and 1 often wonder i f she has forgotten tiiehaniliim "Mo fmou luhleYIthTwh o :u sh e was so much ia love.- - Perchance when she sits in U dreamy reverie before her loncly: hearth, she glances back to the little village where she heard the Bound of the everlasting Gospel, and sees again, as I cm see it now, the group of people gathered at the edge of the frozen stream, and themttginncent figure of tlva young: man aa Kg officiated in that holy ordinance, and no doubt she can hear theecho of hk words so full of pathos, v i : hi.-tor- "Sarah, come, now, I am ready to baptize you," but she turned away and left himTstaadv iDg in the water waiting for her, when her heartsaid yes! And this is why one of the seven became an old maid. Aunt Em. AUTOBIOGRAPHY : after I had spoken I knew not what they intended to do with me, whether to hill me, or to whip me, or what else, I knevv not. I bore my abuse with so much resignation find mct IuujM XvMA H pea pH trn?tDTfnTt iTITinuT" ude , w h u perm it ted me to n tire i i i siknci ;: many looking very .solemn, their sympathies' having bi cu touched, as I thought. And as to in y sc f, I was so fi cd w i I h j It S i r i t a n t a vcr Gud thai I had no hatred ) my perseelse." one or cutors, any After father had been tarred and feathered, a raanraUed a whip to finish up by thrashing him, when another, more humane, laid" hold of his arm saying he had done enough. " Cha rl esA. en jvajjicxt sti j p peitand-tarral-an- d feathered, because he would not agree to leave the country or dcny .the B okof Mor-- " mm. Others were brought up to be served in the same way, or whipped, but for some cause the mob ceased operations and adjourned until Tuesday, 23rd; Elder Gilbert, the keeper of the and that may have, store, sgreed to close that, ' been the reason why the work of destruction was suddenly stopped fo;- two days. In the course of this day'a wicked, outrageous and unlawful proceedings many solemn realities of: human degradation, aa wel. &s thrilling ipci- ileoU, presented to the Saints, An armed "Until . ' VTiid)oJanngihci proclaiming an inclement season at hand, The continued threats of 'the mob that they would drive out every Mormon from the- county, and the inability of many to remove because of their poverty, caused an anguish of heart indescribable." r - " 1 EDiToii i 1 1 io--.:r- to save lives and stop the elfusion of bjoodi'n-tcrcU ave if.to a treaty with the mobbers the county in a certain time, etc. Tiw execu-- t ion (1 this t rea ty p reven t ed an opport uiu ty. for the brethren ui ion to confer with the iuteti-tioPresidency in Kirtland concerning their which they, improved by despatching O. Cowdery a special messenger after a v of three days. After word Ji ad been received from Kirtland the brethren began to write letters and petition the Governorof Mis-mrcr 1 oolri ntrj t hti f g rieva nces and vi n d iHte t-- 1 " ' -- er rt t'.ieir cause. (..'ommunication between Zion and Kirtland was uncertain, as the mob intercepted the let-..-tY- rs " sent back and forth. Lawyers Wood, Kose, Doniphan and Atchison were secured by .the brethren giving their note of one thousand dollars. This so enraged the mob that no soon- er had the new3 spread among them than they began to congregate end prepare for; battle, Father aud seme other of the brethren offered fur the.Churcb, willing to themselves a rau-oba gcourgod or uia if thatwonld apptiia their i he Church, flRT-towftrBut tho mob d - d AVeraeaU hcall a sing- ing, and then prayer by Bro. Geo. Spilsbury,; after which we had fongs, recitations, dancing, singing by the ward choir, led by Bro. John Batty; and al.'o by the Sunday School choir, led by our Bishop, William A. Bringhurst, also speeches, and we must not forget to mention that Bro. Samuel Richards spent part of the evening with us and made an excellent speech. We had a bounteous supply of refreshments. Toward the close Sister Klienman addressed us, wishing us prosperity, and thanking us. for. the . ""love and respect that walTsho wn her. It was , an evening long to be remembered. We re-main, your sisters in the true and everlasting coveuant, Selinda D. Brinoiiukst, Prest R. S., Elizabeth W. Lamb, Sec, . Mary Lamd, Ass't Sec. . '' de-la- 1 - noble-minde- J EI--d- at least. or n, d We hold our testimonial and teacher's meetings monthly, and our working meetings every two weeks. AVo have very good meetings. On the 10th of Kov. we, with the Young Ladies' Association, and our brethren, spent a very agreeable evening in honor of Sister Rlizabeth Klienman, previous to her departure for Arizona, she having been our First Couri-eelin the Relief Society. She is a faithful, sister, end is much beloved by all associated with her. She was one of the early pioneers into Salt Lake Valley with a good spirit and feeling d -- 1 Exponent: Thiuking a few lines from ToqUerville would not come amiss, we take pleasues in writing. Our Kelief Society is. trying to keep along with the rest of the societies as near as possible, ex-pulsi- t 1 GOOD TIME AT TOQUERVILLE. 'hi3-llelveeme- t-- l-- g hu.-band-s, 1 Cin.ikvul children rallied forth from their gloomy retreat to contemplate with anguish the ravages of a ruthless mob in the mangled bod ies and i u the destruction of of th ei r some of their houses and furniture, Houseless and unprotected by the arm of the civil law in Jackson C).ivith the dreary month of heart-rendin- -- 1 of emilY d. r. young. v On Friday, the 1st of Nov., - women and flesh.-ea.tin- ? . . pinsandticksetc." u rcr.ts-of-th- e- was extra care in the family. She became' dissatisfied with' life, a very misanthrope, ami , she is and subsequently a assisting lonely, and. passes her time in knitting, assured them that every man, woman and-child would be whipped and scourged in some WAy' untiT the ilorn.0113 were driven from! he. " county, or die.if they remained. J ';. night, the 31st of October, gave ' the"Tuesday Sain ts in Zion abundant proof that no pledge, written or verbal, was longer to be regarded; for on that night between forty and fifty, many of whom were armed with guns, proceeded against a: brauch. of. the Church west of Big Blue, and unroofed and partly demolished .ten dwelling houses'; and in the midst of shrieks and screams of womvn and children, whipped --and beat in a savage-- and brutal marine'r several of the men; and with' their horrid threats frightened women.and .children into the wilder neys. Such of the men as could escape fled for their lives, for very few of them had arms, neither were they embodied, and they were threatened with death if they made 'any resistance. Such, therefore, that could not escape by flight received a pelting by rocks and a beating with -' .' .' ' "iMisa E. B. Johnson of Washington has m the Dec, number of the Magazine of Americam paHistory the first of a series of illustrated urs. tho per entitled "Historical Portraits" ot being devoted to the Huntington Collection . Americans," : ' II 