IlRfti MeiRigMs, af: the Women of;7Jdn, :and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, DECEMBER 14. -- CHRISTMAS. Savior of the Universe ! Great Redeemer of all the human race Centuries have passed since on this earth Thou Camest art infant, in most humble guise; Below all things Thou didst most surely stoop, That Thou rnighst save the myriads of the earth. . A women as thine agent Thou didst choose, One whose genealogy was sanctified By Thine eternal law and covenant"; And she herself was pure jmmaculate . Untainted by the spirit of the world; A virgin in its most extended sense being angels love to consort with, And one to her a message did convey, His salutation most grand and graceful: "Hail! thou that art highly favored, woman Above all other women shalt thou stand Through all the countless ages of eternity! Mother of Christ, thy crowning name shall be; Grand, appropriate, absolute and just !" All hail M, . My soul, arf thou prepared to meet thy Lord? Is there a people prepared to hail Him, t The great Redeemer, Judge Supreme of earth? The Christian world for this have groaned in prayer, Onev'ry 'advent Sunday," ages past they prepared'to see their granted prayer? ! Great Father, Thou kno west ..the hearts of all.' Before the Judge of- all the earth we stand, unrobed infant Naked, as the new-borI heart and brain My lay before Thine eyes 'J. .And freely dedicate them unto Thee, For they are Thine Thou gav'st them unto me,. Preserve them .in the "hollow, of Thine band" Until I enter on eternal life . . With all the righteous ef .this teeming earth. - n, -- . . December, 1885, ' v Hannah T. King. , , CHRISTMAS. . 1 a We love, we serve, we daily worship Thee; ' And at this evenlful epoch, the world Of Christians,, congregating, bow the knee. ' ' And celebrate Thine advent ori this earth; The morn of this grand day they hail with joy, And gladness in their thoughts of Theej And in their several ways recount Thy praise; Partaking of the emblems Thou didst bless And consecrate for ages yet unborn, Saying, "This do in memory of ME;" "This do until I come againr and drink.,.,,.' It new within our Father's kingdom.'' " : e Well may the Christian soul rejoice rich time - This holy bread and wine dothJouclx hii lips; ' ' . Does he not realize the holy tie That binds him ever to his Savior-GoIn holy consanguinity and loveT That love He taught His flock to cultivate, As sure and certain badge that they were His J d My mind runs back to other days and years, When "Christmas" was a herald of delight The glad that did then take place, The absent gladly traveled back to home No passion dwelt within each heart, but love' And where that reigns is paradise regained. the noble, was at home, -And free to cheer his heart as best he could; Yes, and the rich arose and piledup means To make the poor ones' table groan with food. "Convenient" for the day and age of life, Believing, only as they blest the poor, 11 ad they a right their splendor to erij oy. The laborer, as. The thnllingTsells dispelled theTnorning dream Ushering in the advent of the day; They had a voice, that after e'en long years The burden and refrain floats o'er my soul i ; Christmas approaches, and as the merry season draws' near, our thoughts revert to a period eighteen hundred years ago, when the Eternal $onof God, the mighty. Savior of .the. world, condescended to become the babe of Bethlehem, and descended- below alignings, that He might bring about the great scheme of redemption, and open up the way whereby a fallen world could be restored to the presence of the Father. No wonder the heavenly, host sang, "Glory to God in , the highest; peace on earth, good will to man." , But,4id mankind receive-Him- ? 'Ohrrio! He came unto His own, and His own received Him not. . Cou Id this lowly babe, born of obscure "parents and cradled in a manger, be the King, the promised Messiah? This cannot be the Deliverer He that was to restore the greatness to Israel, and sit upon the throne of His father, David. What it angels did announce His birth with songs of joy, and the wise men of the east follow His star till it rested over the manger where the young child and His mother were! "For," said they, ''how can this lowly babe be He that was to come the promised Savior and what have we to do with angels?. Our fathers saw them, but we have no need, for have we not Moses and the prophets, and the canon of Scripture is, no doubt, full, aiyl we caimot receive one who coines to iis under such uupropitious circumstances." And so the Jews rejected the Lord of life ?.v.: r And list'ning ear, with whisperings immaculate! Waftingrsweet perfume o'er my heart and brain, Inflating both with lingering delight. to many thou dost ever bring The sanctity, the holy joy, the love, The pathos of those long past, happy days; A gab in panoramic guise they pass Like Banguo's ghosts before the thinking brain, Informing us of that we long have known, But in the rush of life becomes dispersed, For chance and change engulf mortality. Blest season , ! ' When shall we behold the second advent, Great and glorious, of our Savior King? No more infantine, no more in humble guise, But Lord and King tf all the myriads Of the teeming earth, past, present and to come; His retinue, ten thousand times ten thousand Of the glorious hosts of the Empyrean I No. ; l-- i. He might set an example for us, that if we follow, and do the works that He' did, we shall -- become perfect, even as He is perfect. Then, when another Christmas day dawns upon the earth, let us remember the E(oly One who has again restored the Gospel to the earth, never again to be taken from it; and although His people arc under a cloud at .the present: time, let us 11$ forget thatjthe promises of God are sure, and - His f decrees immut able; and though some mar suffer for a season, the Lord will surely hear the cry of His oppressed people and deliver them and put their enemies to shame, for they who suffer for Him shall also' reign with Him; and it is they who have come up out of great tribulation'that will follow tho - Lamb wheresoever He goeth; while and those who would destroy the people of God from off the earth, shall call on the mountains and rocks to hide them from Hid. presence, when the great day of His wrath shall come, for the efforts of the wicked can no more overthrow the work of God y than the slaughter of the innocents by Herod could of destroy the infant Jesus. And thesc-rvant- s God,whom persecution has driven 0 the nations of the earth, will do a great work therein, and it will come to pass as it did anciently, that the more they oppressed us, the more we will " ' multiply and grow. Then Jet us, as Latter-daSaints, seek after the Spirit of Him whose birth we celebrate, aud strive to do the wrorks that; He did; and while we prepare our little gifts of kindness and love for the objects of our sffeccimi, forget not the inore important duty of administering to the necessities of the poor and needy, visiting the sick and carrying comfort to the mourner, for the. Lord Himself has said, "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of dne of these, my brethren, ye have done it unto me." Iu this way we shall ourselves receive a blessing, and give to all a happy Christmas. 1 Phebe 0, Young.. the-wicke- dr ' Saviorl adorable Redeemer .1885, .jl-r- y.. Ah! but t! '1 . o-e- my of kind knew better; he feared ine promise that the seed of the woman should bruise the head of the serpent, and finding Hertfd a fitting filled him with fears and inspired his heart with rage and jealousy, and vainly thought, by destroying all the young children, to frustrate the purposes of the Almighty. No matter how innocent the victims, no matter let how many mothers are broken-hearteRachel weep for her children jmd refuse to be comforted, if we can only destroy the young child from off the earth. But these wicked designs did not succeed, "because. the Father had decreed from the beginning, and overruled even the evil designs of the wicked ," to' bring about His own "great and glorious purposes. And so the Sonof God walked the earth His appointed time, healing the sick, opening the eyes of the blind, preaching the Gospel to the poor, comforting the mourner and doing good to airmen; Himself fulfilling every law, that" He might become a perfect sacrifice, (faing the works of the Father who had sent Him! that d to-da- y - SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY (Continued.) never dreamed, when commencing those little prayer meetings coming together so frequently and enjoying the outpourings x-the Holy Spirit of having tomret and contend with the "opposite; but so it was. The love and union that prevailed seemed to enrege the evil one, and, not beiu'g able to causa a division among us,he vented his wrath upon the We i little ones. At one of the meetings which. I attended at Sister Presendia r, there wa3 a powerful mani festation of the Holy Spirit, and many comforting words were uttered, and prophecies of blessings which it was our privilege to obtain, if we would unite in fasting and prayer. Frevious to this the merchants, Davis and Kimball, who rented one of my mother's rooni3, having sold out their stock, had gone back to Nauvoo, and her house was the place appointed by the voice of the Spirit to hold the fat meeting, and the great blessing to be gained thereby was the administration of an angel or angels. I had a promise that day that I should be healed rby the power of God. Up . 