1 WOMAN'S A i. ; - . began towakeMnroadinjauiv fojmly.Jne that have thought it a disgrace for women to between us and the people of Jacks onbasbecn "of the brethren purchased land in Clay Co., enter tbe professions. "made "on bur parTrthTtwmTf but tlieSaints had no intention of making a Her future is bright, aiid... a3 the revolving required of us by disinterested meu of repub permanent settlement in that place. t time her name lican principles world measures The spirit of mobocracy continued ; I am, respectfully, your obedient servant, glow and gleam, immortal, uncon- of Co.rr rto peak-m-pubiicro- off-theeycle- will-brighte- r TriQ sumed by moth or rust. Millie -- Howell? "' i?tt.t 'Rm itsf- amdnff v.riA:St. and the Saints Clay iuc.i loueeiium .ptivu the-inhabitants , Degan nil iuc TMirpViospdv- land in Caldwell ..Coun- TiiQIUI3. XUtl uuivuwGovernor (as I am informed), will you do U3 .CJiilJlaha,Maj 2G; 188-and established a garnering piaco Missouri, the favor to acquaint him of our efforts for a ty, for the scattered Saints: .... This information we want con; compromise. of a into AUTOBIOGR API! Y . his moved piece family Father veyed to the Governor, inasmuch as his ears mile3 Irom the place wuero are stifled witirrepMfromjJ acicson :of our timber, about three Far West was afterwards located. Father and OF EiHL . 3J. P. YU USG. hostile Intentions, etc-- ' 'the brethren that were with him built log huts "I left Hush Creek the same day, in comand prepared us as well a they could for the Continued. .. pany with David Vhitmer and two other wiuter.- coming of .Clay County- - PQnTnST was most vv hickory, with some piacK 'haTia 2 fair brethren, for the western part - AVe. j house for a walnut, and hazle bushes' were called a we at fTOTetraveIing plentilul, and all and and tosettIe adjust authority :power house of the Tho woman water. drink of tho frost when and all were loaded with nuts, matters and differences existing between our water had from shouted "no the door that they, came they dropped from the trees and lay so people or society and the inhabitants of Jack the of afraid were for that Mormons," they u" z-son County, upou honorable and constitutional llllCK on cuej;ruuuujaii jtiuuiiu-ua-iui- i" ac We turned and etc them cholera, departed, children were kept pretty busy gathering principles; .therefore,- - if the- - said -- inhabitants the and "before, to the commandment; cording feasted or Jackson County will not let us return to our up. We gathered several bushels, and week that had entered cholera the passed lands m peace, we are willing to propose, first on nuts though the winter, if with little else. of others and and three that house, woman As father's eldest children were all girls, my ly, that twelve disinterested jnenj six to be the family were dead -chosen by our people, and six by the inhabit- sisterrHarrretatid MiatT to act the part of: the cholera its made appearance n him with his wark.such as milk Tints oi JacKson.uounly, and these twelve men TWben... Elder who John man the was .Carter first .suan say wnat trie lands oi those men are ing the cows and going to the prairie and assist stepped forward to rebuke it, and upon this was worth iu. that county who cannot consent to him in .loading Jiay, and sometimes we would in firsLvictiin became and the live with us, and they shall receive (heir money instantly seized, carry ie chain when he surveyed the land. the died He six the about o'clock in camp, lor the tiutw in one year irom tae time tho West was laid out father built After Far . died and Hitchcock Seth in about afternoon, is ennone of our people shall made,and treaty another. house and we moved into the city. 1n r mnm A9 iLwasj m poaa ihleta- - The Saints from all ter the county to reside till the money is paid. parts of the world, where "iPBTaid Twelve" men shall have power,' also, obtain cofiins, the brethren rolled them in the Gospel had been preached, began to gather blankets, carried them on a horse sled about to ay what tbe damages shall be for theiujur-Je- s was and built the up. rapidly half a mile, and buried 'them' ia the bank of -in,Troubles place we have sustained in the 'destruction of in Kirtlatid multiplied, until the a small stream, which empties into Rush Creek, property, aiid in being driven from our possessSaints in that pfaceliad to flee to Missouri, and of which was accomplished by dark. When all ions, which amount of damages shall be de- the Saints in the west had the Prophet, for the ducted irom the amount for their lands: Onr they had returned from the burial the brethren first time, residing in their midst,. which they object is peace, and an early answer will be ex- - V united, covenanted and prayed, hoping, the raiccuicu a.? a tci y uicnw wiccoiiiui iuu uaiinr disease would be staid , but in vain, for while pected. LJgnedJ continued to take up land and settle in the sur we were thus covenanting-EbeWilcox died, W. W. Piielp.s, : ' and while some were digging the grave others rounding counties, and peace and prospenty EdWAUD PlKTRIDGE, reigned in their midst stood sentry with their fire arms, watching Isaac Moiilky, their enemies. ;. ; Jojlv Cokkill, "Tlic cholera continued its ravages about Y. L. ANNUAL MEETING. JoiixV WnmiER, four when an effectual remedv, for their days, A. S. Gilricrt. The first annual meetingof the Y.X. M. T. purging, vomiting and cramping was discovered, viz., dipping the person afflicted in cold water, A of the Seventh Wardx since its reorganizanight the cholera burst forth among us, and or pouring it upon them. About sixty-eigh- t tion, was held in the Relief Society-rooabout midnight it was manifest in its most of the Saints suffered from this of Sarah Eddington May 'disease, terrified form. Our- ears were saluted with which number thirteen died. presiding., Opened by singing, "We'll sing cries and moaniogs and lamentations on every "The last days of June I spent with my old all hail to Jesus' name." Prayer offered Jiand; even those on guard fell to the earth Jackson County friends iu the western part of by Mrs. Minnie James, Singing, "Gloriwith their guns in their hands, so sudden and Clay County. On the first of ous crossed thee of are I Roll things July spoken." powerful was the attack of this tprrihln (Vi- the Missouri in with few a ! River, thirty-eighmembers called, showing company ' " ..." present, ease. . friends, into Jackson County, to set my feet and minutes of previous meeting read and 'At the commencement I attempted to lay once more" on the 'goodly, land,' and on the uu hands for their recoverybuLJL-quickl- y second I went down near Liberty and visited-thThe programme for the evening was then learned, by pabful experience, that when the 7 brethren." taken up and carried out as follows: Remarks : The great Jehovah decrees destruction upon any and letters the that Jackson reyejations upon Section 123 of the Doctrine and Coven-- . people, makes known His determination, man Saints County received, must havebeen a ants, Annie Blazzard; Recitation, Alice must not attempt to stay UU hand. vThe mosource of great comfort and -- to entitled "Kate Maloney; Question ment I af tempted to rtbuke the diase, that them in their afflictions, and whpn' tho pr;ml,W answered by Amelia. WooIs, "Why is moment I wu.s attacked, and had 1 not desUud .. Joseph came with Zion-'present I can revelation cam; The imagine, tenth necessary?" 1 must have avel the life of my brother by m some degree, how greaMndr joy must have the Y oung Lad ies' Journal was read by Emma the sacrifice of my own, for when I rebuked been; not because of the prospect of beino- reRose; a song was then rendered by the Asspcia-tion- ,. the disease it left h'iin and seized me. stored to their homebut because of the great "Joseph Smith's First Prayer." Thi3 "Early .n"th morning of the 2oth the camp love manifested Jry tlieir brethren, child and, concluding the programme, remarks were then was Jscfuraird into'" rtnaii Lands and dispersed as I was, I partook of t he joyful spirit of my made by Sisters Dougal, Richards, amuTvj Hi- brjethren hvn2 m the vicinitv. and Taylor, parents. .Rome of the brethren of Zion's camp Home aud Colebrook; to Messrs Thorn-- a stopped A my father's and I seemingly directing by their remarks adapted to the present time particularly reand Atchison, as follows: member Dr. Darwin Richardson. When Bro the persecutions of the Saiuts, patronizing JosephreuraedJoKirtla it .ek, Clay Co., Junej25th, l&Ml home industry, and of young people marrying with him, or soon after, and was absent several those not of our faith. ; months. The following named officers were fhen How mother to live managed I cannot tell: their positions: Sarah Eddington, U a r co mpanyot me iv advan citl yes terdav -dnl provide. Tho children cononlylheTrd President; Carrie Thorn and Emma Hose, iiviu. men cuuamjmu'ui i.uj OIK rlsniU IvlVCr tinued to go to school in the log cabin, in the Counselors; Millie Foster, to Kiish Creek, where the tentsare again Secretary; Alice laupau Grave having our pleasures and McLachlan, Assistant pitched. But feeling disposed to adopt every troubles h Secretary; Nellie mixed, as. a natural consequence of lan. Treasurer. paci fic measu re that can be done; without jeoschool chi dren, but children's troubles are President Sarah Eddington was then pre- - . pardizing our ITves, to qujefthc prejudices aqd short generally and lived, oursdid not hinder sented with six volumes of the ieui vi fcumu pun oi Le citizens ollhis counus from having Speaker's Gar-ianof fun. plenty We we have had concluded some that our company shall sickness our ty, Programme for next meeting then read. in family while father was absent be limntdiateiydispersed, and continue Singing, "Love at Home." Benediction by so, till but our lives were spared through all our wan' Mrs. M. A. Lambert. ci liiuii 111 an R Muinpnt rt ,Utr : dermgs, until we came to Nauvoo; there death Millie Fostee, Secretary. ' '.. """.. . AT 1. T --X V'A.,"o oArr AUU BJC.UUH iUiu. X. ifaVL vi - f ' .. '; .. i .. -- ne-umoe- rii ... g , I. .11 til" 1 ; " 1 JMlL - -- r. r . : 7,1885, - . , : e Mc-Lachla- n, n cons-olatio- -- : - - . , . sus--TaTned- m -- -- I . Mc-Lac- - d. . 