 ( WO MA N'S EXPONEN T. 15 aIln faetI have "seea then.. Don't you fVd 5uch. proud of cur ex! io kuow that they have Jlsih Ccraayl .3aY.-iiSaUi- a ndt w e ;i is a . st lady. At two o'clock parents and children were seen wending their way toward the Social Hall, which was nicely decorated with pictures, evergreens, etc., with baskets filled with f picnic A half an ho.ur later Sister Hay- ward was cordiallyjescorted to the haflTby her husband and the President of the Association, Sister Nancy Ncheker. Here she found the niemlers of the Association, Bishop of the ward, her only daughter, Mrs. U'm. Baker, her and other friends, anxiously waiting her arrival.. On entering she was greeted by a song of welcome, sung by a number of the Prayer was offered by larger girls; of the. Association. A short programme "was gone Bishop Paul Poulson. through with, consisting of speeches, songs recitations, etc. Miss hhzie Baker, Sister Hay ward's - granddaughter, recited the following piece, which was; compDS ed for the oc great-grandchildr- ESTABLISHED OVTOBEll, -- j The first day of May dawned calm, bright and beautiful, as many of t$e children of the First Ward of Richfield n 0 Whereas, In the divine providence and wisdom of our jreavenlyTFather, we have been called to mourn the loss of our beloved sister, Hannah Jones, who departed this life May 9th, 1885. "after a lingering illness, and SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. - Whereas, She has been an active, teacher In the Relief Society ever since its 'Organization, and a willing worker at all 'imes, and devoted to the cause of truth and righteousfed.it-ou- r ness, and earnest in helping ia- move it forward,-w- e bounden duty to express our appreciation of her labvrs, and to ever hold her memory, blessed. Therefore be it Resolved, That we sincerely sympathize with" the .bereaved relatives and friends of the deceasedridpray that the Heavenly Comforter may enable them to bear this trial uncomplainingly. '- .- , flrn Hnnrlo Hnlinno nrnnorioo UIV GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, She has gone from this world of trial and care, To dwell with the noble and good; Her salvation is certain, for noble her aim, ' And true to her covenant she stood. IvXlCiOANT AGRICULTURAL CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL L. D. MuiR, Secretary.. . Woods Cross, May 29th, 1885. GRADES AND NEWEST- - DESIGNS. IN MEMORIAM. tST We carry a larger and more complata Stock than any We, the officers and members of the Fourth Ward M. I. A., do tender these Resolutions of Respect to the memory bf Sister Clara Erickson, who departed this life April 30th, 1885, aged fourteen years, six months and - H. days. Whereas, She was loved and respected by all-hassociates, and, W hereas, She was a faithful member of the association, therefore, be it JesoIvedt That we esteem her faithful devotion to duty as. worthy the, emulation of us all. Resolved, That we condole with the bereaved parents and relatives in the loss of their dear one, not, however,-withouthe consoling reflection that she will come forth in the morning of the first resurrection. Resolved, That a copy of these Resolutions be sent to the bereaved famtly, that another be retained in the and that a thhdJe sent Jothe-Expone- nt for , r. . publication. Jn the weef. 3. ELDREDCE. Supt. er Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S the " !".. .Will bo f ound ' t sAnd let us now assure you Our wishes we renew," That many, many birthdays ' May be in store for you. , Asso-citio- n, And 8D elegant assortiuenf of ' r Anna Wilcox, Annie Thackeray, Louie Smith. Committee, . ''" " r " After the poem Sister Hayward was presented with a beautiful quilt, made by the President and older members of the Association.. : She was almost overcome with thisxtoken of love and respect, but expressed her desire to aid in building up, and in the advancement of the young people of Zion. Bishop Poulson then encouraged the childreVand all present never to tire in well doing. . Our company then partook of a bounteous picnicT after " LINES ' . ' a uance until dusk; then all went home, thinking over what an enjoyable time they had spent. Respectfully, N'ANCY XEBEKEg J- - ..: .. 1 '. " TCJ - ' pain; wth the blest ...''JPing - 'Til the Savior comes -- -7 112, 114, 116, 118 KaU Temple Street. F. Auerbach & Bro. ' She will no longer suffer pain, As while on earth she stayed, And she'll gain eternal glory, For in God her hopes were laid. " Yes, her earthly toils are over, She's free from care and : Special department for Ladies' Misses' and In ' ant's Shoes. J . THE MEM0RY OF CLARA. Dear, faithful Clara's left us, " She's mingling witli the blest 9one from tflis world of sorrow To a happy home of rest. " BBX J GOODS: . ! latest styles and pi oductlons hi , ....... LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, - wwwui juiiicu JLiousc twenty-on- e Accept the feeble tokens That are offered to you here, -'Tis but a small endeavor, Which we've made, your heart to cheer. m : TOOLS AND IMPLE, MENTS, . Susan Grant, President, We rejoice that you are. wih us, That you have lived to see The blessings that are realized In the children's Primary. That for many, many years to come You may live to guide and bless The members of the Primary " To lives of usefulness. : q LASS, Y.-L- We listen to your voice, We heed your good instructions, And in this wc do rejoice. , CUT ' -- - UUUUOl!UUUIiO)UIUUUIIbO HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, Then grieve not for her, she has gone to her rest The anthems of angels to swell; .We will think of her kindly, her memory ts blest, And we know that for her all is well. - Dear Grandma Hayward, "I'm much surprised," We think we hear you say, But now we greet you one arid all .On your seventy-firs- t birthday. Wc call ourselves your children, AND T0BBEI18 OF IMPUP.TEP-- S - casion. 'Tis not an empty show of love Thatrwejipw offer youjzz; But a love that's grown within ourselves, From hearts most firm and true. Thackeray, . and friends pathies to the bereaved parents, grandparents . of the deceased. so young, midst our from Although he has been taken we feel that he has been taken for a wise purpose; and that our loss is his gain.- ' ; Agnes R. Lewis. Association, of the behalf In Z . ' M. A: er , "t7 ' - " Then let us all live faithful, I hirw hen we sleep 'neath the sod, -- - ..' 7. . hoped it would. hand forGrandnia-Ha- y There was a jurj?rjsepaxty--oward, First Counselor in the Primary Association of said ward. It was the seventy-firbirthday of this venerable " j3itL.rnmesjm:iy In the utograph of God. our-mid- st to show that prejudice, pride and arrogance .shouId.be put out of reach in some far away . corner,that none could handle them only tno38 Ida. that are doomed to be destroyed. grandchildren' and And frcchorn every sm. - jjj vs copy of the Resolutions: seen lit wcall Ironl in our Aisocia- our much beloved" brother .and tion, ; m our heart:felt' sym; offer. members of The. tTierne, We, " PARTY. r.ty-ihre- c The following niereii, and finally changed the subject. J31RTHDAY Truer to her parents and her friends, son of Simeon Or Powell and f -v;l3 ..departed Jiiii. li:. on the toth r:y age-- Vt o;r.e years, eleven ijmonihv memorv of Simeon A Fall and 'Jompletc Stock of " MILLINERY. . " ng and Summer Goods .: AND - . . LADIES DRESS -- 1 r"-CAL- L ANLr 1 TBMlflGS. EXAMINET again. Then should we RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Ai a. meetin?:of Jhs .South Primary Association of Spanish Fork, a vote was taken and carried unanimously, that we draft some resolutions of - condolence to tbo mourn for her, dear friends, Or to despair be driven? For she has been a faithful child, And we know she is in heaven. ' . D.VID "JAMES 2c CO., TINNERS, CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS Pi1?Tieni for RUiraEY-- celebnited UlTaud avap Repaired on short notice. Ordert th9 country promptfj responded to. 11X21, I SILT L4IE ClTT, S Though 'tis hard to part with those we love, And loved she's always been, V9-kiitf- n, iroi 