WOM AN'S EX ijr iue serpent mut she be depri ved of will power during her mortal careei? Mormonlsm Inculcates no euchprmcW pie, teaches no such doctrine. If woman to exaltation with man, It will b8 because all bj because the elements necessary to such a condition dwell within herself. . oan But woman be advised, counsel and directed by man, and yiejd.thereto without eacrK flcing In the least her' woman hooo? Most certainly. As man can yield to his fellow man and retain his manhood. . man attain to a fuIn83Sof exaltation without womiL?--No, verily. For as the race cannot be perpetuated upon earth without woman, so the lives cannot be continued hereaf-te- r without her. Then is she not necessary to and hereafter? Most truly. Aa man, both-herwoman wool 1 be utterly helpless without man in accomplishing her destiny. Then Instead of clalmingtthat in true religion there la neither mala nor female," we assert that it Is most essential that the sexes be preserved InUct with their peculiar gfts, qualiflca-lions- , endowments and rfghte, operating and la- 'borlpgjntheir peculiar sphere to ac3cmpHsh and of Jehovah in their bring to pass the creation, and this labor should be entered upon and continued harmoniously, without jar or discord. The man who is Jealous'of woman In the ixercise of all the powers that belong to her is an otjict of pity; the woman who presumes to perform the functions of man umexes herself. But is woman man's equal? This seems to be the grand culminating point in all discussions upon this subject. Viewed from the woman's suffrage standpoint I would answer the question , most certainly. She should vote in company with man at every election untram-msll- sj ail frai, fj if t!-- sentiments of Rev. Olympia Brown, aa expressed in the true concerning man, then Is woman not only his equal but more than his peer. Bat from a Mormon standpoint I would answer the question more fully. The fact of woman erjjoyihg the right of franchise In Ufah for so many years past, and that too, a voluntary gift of our Legislature without her asking, is a proof positive that we have no fear of onr wives and daughters, and we shall fight most deermlnedlyagalnt any infringe rnTenHn this regard All who are scqnafn'fd with Mormon customs know that from the first, woman has bad the right to vote In common with men upon all public matters, and especial- ly so In regard to the exercise of priestly author ity and rule; thus carrying out the will of the Almighty that"all things t hall be done by com e ) Con-ventIon,- . mon consent." Bat is maoMhe head of the woman? Paul says that he is, ai Christ is the head of the Church. There is no authority or office of the Priesthood but man can receive of himself without the. woman, and exercise Jts powers and functions independent of her. Whereas, If woman ever receives any degree of Priesthood It will be In connection with and because of her relation to man. To use some familiar terms by way of illustration: If a woman ever becomes a queen it will be because of her relation to" a king; if a Priestess, because she Is the wife of a Priest, he having preceded her and received of hfmself his authority, she following In possession first because of merit; second, because of right of inheritance by virtue of relationship to the man, their nnlon having been sanctified by the powers of heaven. Their Increase Inheriting all that belongs to both father and mother. Boch a union of man and woman perpetuating eternal dominion la which Is Incorporated all the glory I hn,k.ni,.n. BbmerJisJaberown rjght that exat'on. if she ever arrives at a condition of glory it will , 149. hat it pasfcible to conceive. Child submitting to parent, wife viirMnr' in k 6 "u.w me oavior, ana Ih&t Saffbrgiviug up all to the Father, that QodNmy be all In at-tai- ns BtiJl POONT. J Hftrl flnf u fa vvj-ivhu- 1 (n n. Humru wuuiaJ ' .1 nonor.me 1 would honor the cause of beip .f&$z&r ecc.al regeneration, and be the noble of g,", pk?teers ouu uujici jih, ior mis are iney of crime, yet will they contend to proud virtue and love to bestow all the the fair - ".6 " Eich one while thus yielding, still retain- ing their individual power and place unimpaired, filled to a ful.ess according to their position and . calling, without one feeling of dUtrust or Jealousy in regard to the otherr' Can mad woman or child a&k for more than this? .. - with WhI,e the women of sympathise :Chrletendcm In their earnest endeavors to obtain their rfgatr, and while we sense the wroigs of which men are guilty and the terrible cendi-tio- n cf the world viewed from every standpoint, should we not be thankful for what we have the true knowledge of God and the principles of eternal life ihst renders unnecessary any argument or 'contention in regard to "individual or eVxual right?, for is not our calling and election made sure? ac-enf- ed rhti daughters of Eve are entitled lo through, their cbedience to thn lw nf nri It has become ronnfsr ih' KntB flio 'bat do those who revile know what the Goapei we have embraced ifc? VVe answer it in two or three words a consistent life. We love the truth and control oiircelves, for this are we as- ailed on the right and on the left. The men that love to dfiJe. the dugh?eis 'of. Xive are unworiny tne name of men, and no iusu uaa iub i.gm to ity me weight of his uauu uu n wwuhuj "vxctpi iir me marriage relation." Would to God the women of the world had the eam9 protection that we, the Mormon women, have: the blighted livej and sad hearts that are seen by our Heavenly Fathtr ciusel by the lust and inconstancy of lustful Morm m- uaucg men in enuugn 10 cause tne very heavens Mmn J. E Taylcr, - fT! P T Bait Like City, Fib. 22, 1885. to weep. LOVE. - t - Where can we find pure; love? -- In the homes r of the Latter-dsSaint; there itsUs enthroned. If sorrow, and death visit such a household there ia comfort and relief at hand. A friend of mine was called to psrtwiih hls flrsPwife. When she was dying be sfd, "Mother, what do you wish to say about the children?" VVjth a look y This i3 a Utile word of only four letter?, yet how potent, how powerful, and with it comes our liberty or bondage. If we love right, we are free; free in our soul?, pure in our hearts, let come what may, though oft through surrounding circumstances and worldly influence we are swerved from the right, not having the moral courage to resist evil, or know for.ourselves the e. sad results of weakness and hatred until too-lat- - . . y Love, not fear, prompts the Saints to take upon them this title or honor. God so loved the world that He gave His Son as a ransom, and In all His life and attributes we find nothing but the purest love and greatest for us. Can we bo ashamed to own cur Lord? ' Never. History gives but few excaptions where man who held power loved his fellow man better than himself, even science must see her advocates glvelheir lives for the truths she blesses mankind with; and when once cus torn sets her foot la a certain channel, woe to those whp diVulge therefrom, whether it be right or wrong. From Abraham to Wasbingtor, -- divine revelation ;bas"toId"theT Saints of thete men and their mission, and no where in this' fair land are Cdumbus and Washington appreciated and understood as here in Zion. The iegacy of freed cm given us by our noble ancestors Jnjhis goodly land, we prize and mean to maintain, here where the oppressed can find a refuge, here where a nation baa grown from Infancy to manhood in so short a time, we would naturally expect liberty to live a life of vigor for hundreds of years, but we find feeble old age -has come all too soon in some portions of the Latter-da- self-sacrifi- ce eelf-evide- nt " land, and poor Idaho Is evidently letting her standard of libarty sink Into an untimely grave. Is It for the love of their fell )w men that citizens of the United States are declared slaves in Idaho? Let the world read and Judge what men love to do with the rights of their fellow men when once their souls are fettered with hate instead of love for those who are walking in a bat ter and purer atmosphere than their own easy, downward road. B3holJ how crooked can they . make tbestrafght and Just way of constitutional liberty bend. Because the Saints believed that Gcd had and In His love spoken from tiie heavens again for His children had revealed the truth were comes the they branded and driven. Again voice of cur Father that there Is a higher and totter law. WW we obey It? Yes; the noble of love aud onfi Una she replied," "Anua will dojust a? well by you and the children as I." A lv vuvi j maw iu vu oau oyB u VH liiOtauUcO Ii2y TovFouTconflieucs in and love for each other. ' Is this love or lust? nuuiuci iuohuu - lu tuu ci oiuuu - Willi a , brother who has thirty-sichildron, he said not one ever gave him a eaucy or unkind1 word; his defendants, ai told, ncmber. over one hundred. Lust kills the evidences of its crime, Jove save, cherishes and resra them to become noble men and women, and claims the wives and children as his own wealth for time and ail eterx nity. Over 4,20 lovely, bright, intelligent children partake of the Lord's Sapper every Ssbbatb,and there are over 3,200 little ones under eight years of age in their dear native Utah. And when we W.V nrnnwd Rmonc our nnblfl linva nml irlrla. -- who cau help exclalmlngT'surely the Lord is with His people. Proud might aoy nation lis of such treasure. Is this the sign of decay, of t'egraiatlou, of disloyalty to our government? Not taany right nvnded, rea?osab'e person. Our nrinrlnles are Der.'ect. andwe,wiJUoon lohlnTandetrive to live them,God being our helper; protect the rights of others, envy no one, be pure In our daily walk in life and leave the result In God V bands. " Z.IWA V. 11. XOUXU. MIND IN MEDICINE. I have JoBt laid down a small the above title; and think it-w- ould book bearing be quite as appropriate to call it medicine In mind. I have read it through twice, and dipped Into it frequently beside?; I felt from the first perusal it was worthy a study. The author is metapbysi-cs- l, and his thoughts flow so rapidly that he telescopes his Ideap; consequently the book must bs read chsely to read It understanding, that the reader may ake 'n his orfinal and unfqie assertions. Much tmth is embodied within its leaver, wh'cb, without close attention, we -- should fail to realize. A deep thinking mind is exhibited through its pages, and I bave read parts over and over again to make myself sure that I comprhendy td the author's meaning. . I feel that it coataina 