Thsrecsjut cues that have , be en before the .courts hero hav been treated in such a way that . it mikes one feel there if no such thlog as an d eqilty to ba obtained, bit only a determination to push to the very extreme those who -by some unforeseen circumstance oxjincUient , have fallen into the hands of their enemies, who like ravenous wo'ves ready to devour all that comes In their way and are ever on the alert for more. They seem to forget the slippery pUc3 cn which they themselves stand, and the glass ut-ti- R. IV . ELLS, Xdlir, City,-Ut- ah l:slfieiid-m'pnttIy"ln...Salt..:Lake ce copy one year, S3-- 00; one copy six month Ten opies for the price of nine. Advertising: rates: EAhuirc, :tcn links of uonp&rell space, one time, per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to ... ."' regular ftdvertiBcrs. Expojext Office, Room No. 4, up stairs, Hooper and Eidredsre BloekMam Street, a Z. CT M. 1. Business hours from 10 &. m. to 5 p. m. '" ,.every day, - except Sunday. ' Address all business communications to Publisher Woman's Expoirairr, Salt Lake City Utah. Terms: -- , - . We have received a sample copy of a new magaslne,. entitled "Babyhood," edited by Marion Harland, which Is suffialent In Itself to recommend It. But as we have examined and read it cirefully we el sure it U a work of merit and cne that will a38uredly"Teccminend Itself-t- o Jiojajnj haveenormous beams in tuem,tboy are probing all who read It. It gives pie is ant and happy . is In their neighbor's. for the mote that advipe to mothers in reference to little ones and t all and uch B it swift destruction awaits makes timely and appropriate suggestions cn tby and In a the as ba thief overtaken will night, the topics connected with babyhood and motherwill cry for help and ncne will hear. hood . Price: $1.50 per year, published In New '' ."' The way in which the officii!?, Prosecuting ' York City. -Attorney and hi3 assistants, have questioned Tjie n e ws . of th e musical Euccess o f y c u o g have young women in the examinations that Edwards ol Wiliird City, in competition been made before the Commissioners Is a dis- - ; with so many professionals and composgrace. Tne moai indelicate ana ounoxious quesers from varlcu3 parts of the worlJ, Is d tions are put toinnocent, young quite startling. It raaU be a soarce of Im can sort of this How much longer thing girls. mense satisfaction to the youth'ul author, and ba endured it is impossible to say. At present a It certainly should be considered an honor to all vigorous effort Is being made by those in power who proud of her sons to here to afflict and annoy peaceable citizens." know that there is so much real musical taleut Next week will be a busy one for these conbeginning to be devil jped. It proves the falsity temptible deputies,and every woman who values statements that Mormonism chokes out . e her honor wiil no doubt do her best" to protect" progress in every direction. herself from being confronted by one of tbem. ve recaived from Washington the -- On the slightest pretext they serve a subrcena "Brief and Argument" of Oew G. VesS, and no one knows then what his or her fate Wayne Mao Veagh, Franklin 8. Richards and may be. Charles W. Bennett for Appellant, Mary Ann The statement or. decision, if it can be so M. Pratt vs. Alexander Ramsey, A. S. Paddock, called, made in the case of "President Angus M. G. L Godfrey, A. B. Culeton, J. R. Pettigrew, Cannon is the weakest article one could imagE D. Hoge and John 8. Lindfay, Appellees. ine.! The Commissioner doea not base his asSupreme Court of the United States, October sertion upon the evidence at all, but upon sup. Term, 18S4. AVe have not yet ha J time to read position, whioh it seems to any one possessing it carefully, but from a casual perusal judge it to ordinary common sense to bs contrary to all lawp be a very able and conclusive argument in favor all deduction drawn are, or shoull ba, accordof the iady.It would be well for the sisters to ing to evidence and not 'supposition. Bat as take pains to read up on these subjects that are this is more persecution than prosecution, it will of such Imp3rtance to ,this people, that they of course pas3 muster, even though men's liber-- , may be thoroughly posted In matters pertaining ties are & stake; they are "Mormons' and that to the possession of the franchiie, also property accounts for It these civilfzers, regenerators, rights, etc purifiers, who are so anxlcu the laws should be " We have also received la namDulet form the enforced, care ho more for purify of morale than "Legislative C jmmfsalon caeme," the title of they do for a pure stmopphere to breathe in,the the address cf Hon. John T. Ciine, delivered f ume8 of tobacco and whiskey In and around in the People's Mass Meeting, held in the Thea theFederal court room are positively nauseating, and logitre Nov, 3, 18SI. It is a Oae cannot help thinking of the remark of Rev. cal statement of fact?, and eve-- woman interOlympia Brown, who said the aristocracy of ested in thw condition of affairs should read It power was that of the moustache, whose insig... nia was the spittoon, who9e home was the smokcarefully. tea A verv pleasant ladle' party was glvtn ing car, and whose outward sign was the curling on at the Devereux Houte tobacco smoke, etc., and with all propriety one Thursday, Jan. 9, is a most enterwho Mrs. Priscilla by Jennings, might add the fumes of whiskey. taining and hospitable hostets. There were between thirty and forty Ja ties present, most or EDITORIAL NOTES. them widows and migsionaries' wivts. The supper was very handsomely terved, the table Mrs. John T. Caine and Mrp. Franklin 8. being very beautifully decorated with fragrant ' flowers. Richards attended the recent Convention of Mr. and Mrs. Jennings as host and the National Woman's SaffrageAsscclatioii in hostess cannot be exe J'ed. The afternoon and; : evening were spent by the ladles in social conThe Secretaries of the Relief Society, Y. L. versation, and every one seemed to intensely M. I. A. and P. A. should bsar in mind that the eDjoy the .visit; Devereux House is a beautiful, modem mansion, and with its large; and elereports will soon ba wanted now for the Stake Conference. gant parlors, commodious dining apartments, and handsome and complete library, conservaMrs. M. O. Kelting of California writes all the advantory and other luxuries, Costinus to send your dear little messenger to tages of a refined and luxurious home. We my address. I find it like a little white-winge- d .heartily wish its inmates long life and health comforter in my lonely moments and I pray that to erjoy the blessings wilh wb'ch they are sor- he angels of heaven and earth continue to miy ' rounded. bless and encourage the Exponent." Sistfe Zina D. H. Yo UNO's birthday was We have bad the pleasure of seeing a bust of 31st. She was sixty four years yesterday, President Brigham Young, executed by one Of of age. We congratulate her and wish her Utah's young ecalptors, Harry of Lcgan. many hsppy returns of the day and hope she It la e indeed. The peculiar expression may enjoy life as fully and completely as she can of the mouth and nose, and Indeed of fea every wish. Oar readers are doubtless aware that she ".. - ' ce w $1.00 '. ture; the very pose of the face Ja perfect, and the f mallet detail Is perceptible. , We congratulate Bro. Brown on the wonderful success he has made in developing his eut jecr. It is an encouraging fact that Utah is making some considerable progress in the direction of art coltlvatcn. . HALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY" 1. 18S5. MARVELOUS TIME3. Who can say (that there are not marvelous "timeandl)Tg7wTtBwderful events? Every diy soma startling development Ja made that makes one conscious of the fact that these are the times that try men's soula to the very centre. With all the tcsldents of the nineteenth century nothiug is so fleet u'ally calculated to for the wicked and prove a. destructive-agenc- y ungodly a? the invention and manufacture of dynaruile. What may not be accomplished by th3 terrible agent of destruction when manipulated by cruel, designing and unscrupulous men ci women, though we Instinctively fhrkk from the aeknowlecgement, yet women have been j rcven equally cruel with men when occasion required urgent action. For instance, in the: French Revolution, and in the case of "Shakespeare's Lady Macbeth." Tne recent explosion in London has opened Ike eyes of maDy who sat in darkness on this eul lc!f and that was no doubt only an experiment, and cro long the nations will awaken to the eoneciousnrsi of the astounding fact that when there was seeming fecurlty, they were treating upon dangerous ground that might at auy moment explode and swallow them up. 8?eret societies, combinations and organizations ere banding themselves together for certain pur. poses, and it woulJ seem, the time is fast ap . preaching when every man's hand will be against hla neighbor, and he who will not take up his sword mu9$ needs flsa to Zion. The war in Egypt has carried off Its thousands and tens of thousands aireadyand sliil it is in progress. The terrible avalanches in Italy have carried terror and desolation through a large portion of that beautiful country, and left thousands homeless and destitute, as well as.burylng an unnumbered multitude alive. In our own land cyclones in the south have frightened many an J dfatroyed mnch propertyjand storms, shipwrecks and accidents and the like . by sea and by land are of every-daoccurrence. In the mean time, how Is it with the Latter-da- y Saints? They are being pereecuted by their enemies, wickedness waxeth strong in high plC93 and in the hearts of the rulers of the cation, the .evil one is on the alert, knowing that histimeia short. The servants of the Most High, are bsing persecuted and driven to ex tremitieF, and the very principles of heaven are being used a3 a weapon against the Salnta to bani?hmentand imprisonment. Men whohave laid their all upon the altar for Chrlst'n sake, r.en who have endured much persecution heretofore, are taken up on the slightest pretext, and . their liberties jeopard'zad, their families intimi. dited if possible and every Indignity heaped upon them until it seems more than human nature can brar. pure-minde- love-Utah-and-a- re of-th- Ve-ha- . ' ; . well-writte- n y ' " y semi-annu- . al pot-seste- Ja. B-ow- life-lik- n s -- 