Err . ,Tic ........... , , . ' ' - - ' Jlighls-- of - " the Women of Zibn,'a?id . . Vol. Jd, ' ' - A .TRIBUTE. --- : r frWomen -- ; tfkiRigM ojht IST7-188S- :l 1885 V - take City, June xst, 13.85. ESSENTIAL FKEEDOM. ; e - . And waits her bidding thou wilt be remembered, The flght'of other years, the wondrous charm Of other days, when all was young within Our souls, thou w'ert a magnate in jthe hand Of God! raised by Him to do His bidding; Thy name was heard thro' Europe's shrine A name mode famous by the word snt forth, That word, God given, made the mystic charm, The prestige that thy presence threw around Whatever circle thou didst concentrate. 'List'n," a voice dice said, "if I be Wted up draw all men unto me!" . 'Twas tW Same voice transmitted thro' the one commissioned, The "Shepherd's" voice that drew the honest hearts, The unsophistocale, the innocent and good. Emitted thro' the voice of Brigham Young! x I will And. thousands flocked to that magnetic voice. 'lliey heard, they Bsten'd and gladly they obey'd The ancient prophecy was realized, That "iu a day a nation should be born! " As "doves to windows flock" they flock'd to him; He fed them with the Word, the bread of life, It knows instinctively the heavenly taste, And though but a crumb be dropp'd it rushes Forth, o'er, leaping all that wouHTts courselmpcdc, To grasp tie mors ul that will gfve it life. The enameled pill that modern shepherds give, " Glossing it over wi.h the nam of Christ, while 'tis masticated, Starves, alas! But on the tabic spread in latter days The voice of God makes rich the blessed Teas?, The bread and wine is consecrated food, I'Vcding.botli soul and body tlioiie who eat. e'-e-n " 'Thy work on earth is donq! r are mighty ones-Thrtheir malignant persecutions, ; The dark and poisonous prisons Hold incarcerate the hpnest and the goo'd God's servants, in whose service youth was spent, And even up to life's maturer age, They've "bontethe heat and burden of the day;" The prayers of congregated Saints are'heard, Borne to the throne of grace by those once here; We feel the electric chain is working still, And whisp'rings, not of earth, inform our souls vc have a ddcgatjonTiTthcTcourt . Above, wlio know; and can present our case; And thtis, amfd the din of persecutiou, to-da- y ough , No. 1. . . : ' " . . .. . . just and wisest policy, and. we as a people feci to award an the ngnt to worship Udd accord- Ling to the d ictates of their own consciences; we Ave claim the claim the same privilege. -t- - gi veil -- us - by the Constitution, of being governed by men of our choice, by men that tfre citizens of our Territory, that are acquainted with the situation and condition of the peo pie, and that have helped to make the Territory, and that are - the friends of the people, men that have proved themselves trustworthy; that have the interest of the peojle at heart, and whose interests.are interwoven with their?. "We have aright an indi3putablc,unalienabU indefeasible right to that most dreaded and envied kind t)f knowledge I of the character and conduct of our rulers. Killers are no more than agents or trustees of" the peo- pie anti jf tue nau3e the interest and trust is insidiously betrayed, or wan tcnly trifled away, the people have a right to revoke the au thority , that they themselves have deputed, and to constitute other and better agents pr trustees." Webster. to-da- y, Why not give us the same right that is given to other Territories, in the choice of officers? Why treat us as enpmies and aliens? Do we not claim allegiance to this Kepublic? DoTw not submit to' allConstitutioual laws? Yes, verily we do. There is not a people on this continent th at arc more loyal to the Constitution than the LatteridayBai ntsihere- U no pconleorTthe earth that would bear witl'i . - patience the indignities, that are being heaped this people; their, dearest rights taken upn from them, and all that they hold dear trampled under foot. Why do they bear it? Because they know in whom they trust; thny know that the Lord, the Great Kuler of the universe, is at the head. We have petitioned the nation iu vain, time upon time, our be to We borne" have rights respected. perseou tion and prosccuti n. We have importuned in vain for our wrongs to be rtdiv.sed, an I now, once agaiu, we petition .for equal rights r citizens ot this pntioii. We people;' we arJ nut traitor, which we have proved time upon time, and we pruUt -- in the bosom-- of a thojree.dora, that-burn- ed Washingtonan Adams and a Webster?" Have against packed juries. We pfotest against being the noble and great men, that shed their blood considered guilty until we have had a fair and for religious freedom, bled and died in vain? impartial trial by our peers, and are. proved so. all proceedings that are cz Is it true that they lived in vain? Yes. Oh,. We protest agaiust -shame! that we should have to say it is true. post -f-aeto-i ti th ei r n atu.1e.77:' We claim t lie." right of protection in our persons, houses Tjie very foundation of the fabric of freedom is crumbling and tottering, aud unless the against unreasonable searches, and v,v claim the right to incorporate in the rites'of"." Lord, the Mighty Ruler of the heavens and earth puts forth His might, the structure will our religion, whatever the Almighty sees lit to command His people to incorporate for the be shattered and fall; but He has chosen this salvation .,,of His people. land the home of the free for His children to dwell upon, and He will protect the c"oii?ti-tLiving under the heavenly, light of rjejyel tion lie inspired the forming of that doc tion, we hopb to erlo!m all the duties we ov,,v and to society; a whatever He inspired the noble men that left their to native land and braved the storni3 and dangeis makes good Christians makes good citizen--- . ol the deej, aud. face4 the trials, incident to Why h:ve we not b'een admitted into the Union its a State? For years we haw had ail ' h'udiuir a homo in an unknown land, and es- to asthe necessary. quaiitioatioin, ami are tablishing religious freedom, that their souls might soar aloft to that high pinnacle.the right sume the respo.irsiblities of .Statehood, We to worship God according to the dictates of have, proved, to a demonstration, the abi iity of our leading men to statesmanship; that they their own convictions of right History instructs us that the love of religious freedom, are not men who have any sinister ends to aca compound sentiment in the breast of man, complish, no clamorous partisans to gratify, no made up of the clearest sense of right, and pledges to redeem, no object to be regarded,but the highest convictions of duty, is able to.look simply, tire public-goo- d. They have ever the sternest d espotism in the lace, and wi th shown a li bra open andlfrcc. spiri - They -means, apparently mosCTnadequate, to shake have helped to convert this barren wilderness intoa fruitful field; they have been one with ie people in all (heir labors. I hen why sli juia toleration, m the broadest sense, is (he most T , fr -- d witl.i-othe- law-abidin- g anil-eilect- A h .- . one-anothe- : -- . -- foot-print- From out our Lexicon we do eradicate That wordso falseTso meaningless, so sad. We see thy tomb, but know .thou art not there; Thou, thy immortal self, wert never there; The vacant niche awaiting thee, is thine, With Joseph, Hyrum, Heber, and with those Who, having left the earth, do congregate In the grand empyrean of God! WefeH, e'en there, thou dost remember us, Hie gathered, the assembled flock of Christ, Our hcpherr, King, Redeemer, Captaia, Lord! Essential freedom is the right to differ in opinion, and that right must be sacredly respected; nor must the pri vilege, of dissent pe conceded with disdain and coldness, but with cordiality and good '; will. , No loss of rank; jabatement ot character, or ostracism fr. mi society must darken the pathway ot the jiumbles of the seekers after truth, the right of free thought, free inquiry and free speech as clear as the noonday. Wthout a full and cheerful recognition of this right America is only a name, her glory a dream, hej institution a mockery. How do such noble sentiments agree with the present crusade against the citizens of this Territory? When we lake the privileg of, diTering with others in our opinion a3 to our religion, we are compelled to forfeit our character, and ostracism from society is our doom. We are denied the right of citizens, and, although we have suffered untold JardshipSj privations and trial to maVe this Territory. what it is we are compelled to submit to have our avowed enemies rule over us, to have a despotism established in our mid3t, the rights and sanctity of ; the home circle ihvadecl, wives dragged from their families and friends,questions asked that ought to cause the blush of shame to mantle the brow of any honorable court, to help criminate and send, to prison that which is a part of themselves (they and their husbands being one) for daring to own as wives those whom they have sworn to 'cherish ami Totect through all lime and .eternity, for ac knowledging their offspring a3 legitimate, and entitled to their support and protection. You can search history in vain, even in the dark ages, for. a precedent of such oppressidu. Well may we ask. "Where, old where is the nobility of soul, the patriotism, hih-hande- but all ,vho c eye Expansive is, can look'around and see s, the ear of memory rec ilk Thy lliy voice, the"eye of minT' can see thy form; Thus, even to us, still sublunary, Thou art not dead that word is false. Our - r li - seat,- Xaiioris.i- - j-ig- And waves of joy. ami sorrow beat around. And still- we have God's servants to" direct, , To guide, to comfort and uphold the flock To steer and pilot thro,-thbreakers strong, ' That oft well nigh engulfed the noble ship-- Hut "Father's at the helm," so all is well. . Thro' all while reason holds her regal And memory, as her Premier attends ' -- Hannah T.Kinc. .- fbc years roll on, of all . Wounded., we are calm, bruis'd, but never broken; Faithful to our God, our leaders and ourselves. DU'ARTED, JUNE ; - - - Salt Thoa unforgotten one! ' - SALT LAKE CITY, Tidily' JUNE - -i TO THE ILLUSTRIOUS' ' .-i nl-l-.- ; t- 1 .. . s, " . 