183 - " " - - Sister EIIia7 R. & Smith jnade a most elo CORRESPONDENCE. nuenUntLetirring addrea47m which she incJu-de- d every blessing, duty and privilege in the a Latter-da- y of Manassa, Colorado. life Saint, and earnestly urged Editor Exponent: aiiUj ucruwxrvijf iduuii aua aii tne means they might accumulate to the upbuilding of hand3 are the kingdom of God, to have no the I" anA g"ests.for come life or come death,: to fitiflnT, , are rauu Plants budding, and nature has will of our Heavenly Father was the most imto put on her robe' of green, which begun rjust ' portant work io which any one could be enmakes times lively , and to every one to feel when Said asked the " gaged. Welcome the snrintr nf question "Sister ttao. Eliza,.what ilo you think of the times?" she reborne of us went to TTfaW looffiill plied, "I think they are glorious!? I am proud business than pleasure- -: ere.much delighted of those who are .worthy to suffer for the Gos- With Aiitvtif nT'.TT - - j iw? gee tne it w.i,,jauu ,picaseu temple , pel's sake, not counting their persecutions dear mu uauj ymer places ot interest to the y 7 for Christ's pake; Said this 'is only the begin Saints, but upon returning home were ning; we may round up our shoulders and bear glad to see this beautiful valley, and felt like w a we were coming home, and felt satisfied with in iur our iuwc it. jyo ene purpose ii, mies do more to us than thev did to Jfu? . our home in this new country, and believe, if Will we be called to .suffer any more than He1 : we will persevere, we can as yet make it to waciu ouv icar uiu Utah does, but then, perhaps, our eneit; .ne win nave a tried people, and He has to make use of some mies will be more anxiourto take it away from tools to refine and us. As yet they do nbt seem to be very rough polish us; we very have got to be in a different condition as a greedy: if mav be because thii in knrh n. larm people before He can come out in judgment as valley and so much land laying idle just as' . he has predicted. one that maintains Every goou as ours. his or her integrity to the kingdom of God will Jt does seem as though we have been see the most magnificent blessings wil I be ly favored thus farmore than some of our out the Saints. Made some statebrethren and sisters in other localities, for poured upon ments in regard to the persecutions in Kirtland, which we feel thankful. I refer to those who Missouri and Nauvoo, and how every trial had have been persecuted for the sake of their rein a the end, though it was .blessing proved ligion, and hsve been tried and imprisoned for not apparent while passing under the rod, and adhering to the principle of Polygamy. One made many other references to the conditions of our brethren had been tried, but those who which brought about persecution; said- she had made such a loud noise, crying, "adultery, wanted to see Zion independent, grow and put fornication," were not able to prove anything, on her beautiful garments; the kingdom of therefore the case was thrown out of court, God will protect" all good citizens, shield and and we are left once more to attend to our own business in peace, whieh we can do without and protect virtue, innocence righteousness. Had thought in the past these things would not help.from our enemies. be in her day, but rejoiced that she had lived It seems that our worst enemies here are those who have once borne their testimony to to see the events now transpiring. Exhorted the truth, but have forgotten their covenant all to purify their own hearts, and live as beand have turned away, and are now making come sons and daughters of the Most High. and benefit the for instruction much of willing tools of themselves in the hands of the gave special devil to accomplish his purposes. The Genthese who desire to live lives of purity and tiles by whom we are surrounded have thus holiness, and alluded to her once having had a far treated us Tvery kindly. The Saints are foretaste of the blessedness and happiness the Saints will enjoy when they become as one. becoming more united, bur Sunday Schools, BeneYoung People's Associations and Relief SocieSinging, "O! ye mountains high," etc diction by Bro. Win. Middleton. ty are doing well. Sister Eliza M. Smith js Stake President, of our Relief Societywe Afternoon session, 2 p.nuSinging "Come all have great faith, and confidence in her ability-a-s ye sons of Zion." Prayer by Bishop McQuarrie. an energetic leader and faithful Latter-da- y Singing, "The trials of the present day," etc. Saint Sister Hannah Christenson is Presir Sister E. R. S..S. spoke appreciatingly of dent of the Relief Society of this ward under the efforts ;and labors of the secretaries and whose management it is doing well. The sisblessed those who were willing to come forters all seem to be alive to their duties, and ward and act in that office; she also spoke he can always find plenty to do, for it seems to study of obstetricsTand the need of compefall to our lot to have a great many needy tent help in this profession, and advised the among us continually, and can always find an young sisters to study and inform themselves for their own benefit, if even they never shonld object on vhich to bestow our charity. be called to practice; said an excellent offer S.T..B. had been made to "those who wished to study, Mt. Carmel, March 18th, 1885. by one of our" sisters in Salt Laker Maggie C. for Shipp her terms; were, twoiectures a day Fditoe Exponent: ten weeks, $10. Made some other remarks relating to the circumstances now surrounding This is a very small and remote settlement, the people, and the terrible events transpiring nevertheless the - Saints manifest a desire ; tor ' in the earth. forward in the" great and glorious work pres3 ' -- The meeting was afterwards addressed by in which we are engaged. I have read of CouhrC.'"F. MiddIeion,CouiK many troubles experienced by our old ancesM. J. L. Y. A. of Prest. Sarah Herrick, tors of this Churcu, and they make my hearty of Salt of Weber Stakf, Sister E. B. Wells bleed; but what cares the enemy for that?" The Lake City, Martha Critchelow, : Prcst. R. persecution that Has been and is, to all appearPrest. M. . Ward, Tracy, ance, likely to be again, in part, lest the unOgden; Nancy R.- - 8. seen, but. ever confiding hand of God, interHuntsville, Bishop McQuarrie, Bishop; Wallace and: one or two others, upon subjects feres, brings forcibly to . my mind, we are the . of vital importance to the Saints. chosen -- people of the Lord, for if we were of reexcellent the world, tne world would love us; but just the I rest Richards made some been a had e, there marks at reverse, we are not. worldly and we care not thought feast of fwwrihinfdurincrthe meetings, rr for the world; we trust in God for protection, " months. three for He has called us out from Babylon, and if Adjourned the conference for the whole wcrld turn against us we will not Singing tJjV awake,' ye defenders of Zion!" " Benediction by tounMi44!-go back nor follow her ways. - We have every w,.-;& TT V evjdenca neijfulf thai an honest heart can. d$t fiire Kingdom; that Daniel saw manrhundfed years V" ago. See its advancement and prosperity, not . withstanding the many severe trials the Saints . have had to pass through; ' IS' Qoes to me that every hard bbw the enemy'mjsis only adding fuel to the fire; ' It may not seem N so to all. rThese troubles are notvery desirableU . but perhaps necessary to stir np and make us know who we are: It has been said that affile i tions, thouglTthey seem severe, in mercy oft-- 1 are genk. They stopped the prpdigal'a career and caused him to repent. :y ir- h This long while the wheat and tares have been growing together; perhaps the Lord der i signs a separation, and He' is permitting the enemy to do the work, or rather commence it: 7 we know our, Father can do his own work, and i i in His own due time He will accomplish Hia great design. Satan has much power, and yet it is limited in comparison to that of our Heavenly Fathtr. Oh! ye foul ambassadors 6f Satan, stop and . think before too late. Know ye not that this earth and the fulness thereof is the Lord's? Will ye not understand He has "spoken from -the heavens in these last days, and commanded ' His peo pie, and they will obey. His voice? $ If not, it is because ye are straining at a gnat and ' e' 122:, f , ! -- -- ? ; Lat-tera- bios-som- ( " ; ; ; 'swallowing a carnal. Go on, ye Saints of the Lord! God is our shield, director and protector; in' Him we trust, and while we live, we live unto Him,and ' when we die, we die unto Him. M. E. B. M EXTRACTS. Deir Aunt ; My - ,; the-clos- . o-"-- . " Darling Lula: L ; : I write in answer to your's received the 1st j There is some very excel- - . inst. lent land in this part of the country; fine,sandy loam, no rocks in it; if .there Vwere plenty of water for it nothing could be better. It looks as though to put the seeds into the ground would be all that was necessary to have a good crop; and it would be, with sufficient rain fall, but that does not come, and when the sun gets hot and the weather dry, the vegetation would wither and die. Bat it will not De many years before the Lord; will bless the land for the ' righteous' sake; yea, all the land, as He has already blessed portions of it, and He will send the rain in the season thereof; all we need is to know that we are worthy before the Lord, and all will be well with us. I do not know what the 'wonderful (?)' works of the late Legislature in this Territory will amount -'"' to. The men folks are plowing their land, work- - I ing in canyons, etc,, as if nothing unusual had v J happened. Well, there are good, honest, vir--. . Saints here, sju well as : in tuouV Latter-ayother places, and doubtless they need stirring ; up the same as the rest, that they might awake and put on the armor of righteousncssfepent , of their follies and carelessness and be sure , that their lamps are trimmed and burning. It is quite a long : way fronr here to where our meetings are held, and I cannot go, .very often. i I miss the meetings very much, and the society of my dear sisters there in the city, although we have kind, agreeable and very hospitable neighbors here. I enjoy the quiet of my snug little room, but would feel all the v more contented , if all - my beloved children were near enough that I could see them often; but the peaeeof God abide? in my heart, and I am blesied? no matter wher my Jot ii cast, "'T j I ! . S.-Fir- st Em: . .... . Thinking the following items might b read ..Tr; with interest, I send them to you: L G. R. Oakljev, Cassia Co. I. T.,March, 1885. o-t- Hattle''C.-Erown,--Siste- "4 : - -r-'"'ir:: foubalan : 'r"'r ';;" , . rr - " ". 