WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 94 they do to water thaHs, like duckor arnphibi '. n nn!ma! rr like fish themselves. cAmA hvAPft'.civ nrrM of sugarcane has bee n planted this summer, and the crops are looking well. 1 his season nas Deen very uvuiauic on crops. Stock looks well, feed being abundant ' account of copious rains. - Praying for the welfare of Zion, and the loved - ' J ones at home, I am, with love, ' Your sister in the Gospel, to these interesting organizations of late by the " - . " One of'the interesting features of the conference was the reading of the manuscript newspapers, "one being publishecTby ladies, and another by the gentlemen. In the ladies', entitled Ka Olino 0 : MaunaTt Splendor of the Mountains the third this being number, thtre were short, spicy articles under the heading of "Dewdrops," "Provoking Mirth," "Means for Recuperating the Race," "Foundations of Poverty and Real Wealth,' "The Crown," "Catching the Monkey," a story with, a moral, "The Rose," "Gathering to the for the Word of God." e Mountains," "Beautiful Zion" (poetry), all of which, of course, were written in, the Hawaiian language, and for the most part unintelligible to me, but, as I am in Cascade Locks, Oregon, 1 . t al -- . ; own-calculation- g. - .- . : . fr un-derj- he J L -; -I - offn a wjr PATTY SESSIONS. he - ' ' in my heart, "The duties you perform are many," u. Ufmle Hno whn lrnrw5 Sweet nearp Viealtfv strength and wisdoni ever be yours, is a loving sister's" daily wish, and all your blessings and promises, if faithful, will surely be realized, and ' they are many, so never be discouraged. Love to dear Sister Atwood, Sister Grant and Goddard, Sister L ydia Ann Wells and the others. Your sister in the everlasting covenant, ' Z. D. H. Y. Nov. Sth; 1885. My ever Blessed. Sister. If I should try. I could not describe how refreshing your kind letter was away here, although I am surrounded with dear ones. In this romantic place Of nature's wild fastnesses it would seem reaching "up to nature's God." In front of the house the rapids commence. The grand old. Columbia, with silent majesty, like time, "never returns to erind a mill?' - Across the river. TsV"asTnnFton Territory. The banks, as well as the mountains beyond, are covered with evergreen Oregon Fir it is called. There are little lakes close to the base of the mountain opposite-- , manufacturing clouds that. rise so white and beautiful; the down stream wind and mountain currents of air, sometimes causes them to cross each other, while the green trees below make a most charming picture; above the clouds art grand, this morning, especially, as the struggling sun rays fell in spoteat the summit, they gave it a grandeur truly sublime. After twelve 'Idays of rain for twenty-fou- r hours-ihad not ceased to come straight down ' this is winter weather here. The old settlers say the country is improving, but loft en think there is no place like home, although my duty called me here, and I am always happy and contented in the fulfillment of duty. How lonely it is here, you can only imagine; comfortable and luxurious indoors, with books, papers and music, but all these grow monotonous,, in sickness in particular; . I intended to have been in the Logan Temple and part of the time "in the city this winter, but things come so unlooked for. I im thankfuUhe Deseret Hospital is getting along as well as it is ; I was so in hopes to have done something to benefit the institutioa while in Logan, but fate seems to control us often contrary to: our but I shall try to do the best I can their benevolence, generosity and liberality, and, always. My health is improving some; the rheumatism and is not so bad, although the damp weather is their withal, patience, forbearance, I find many qualities among- - these poor not so very pleasant; Hiave to be so careful. The lack of appropriation for Riverand Harbor people to be admired, although there is much in of is here that the conditton society deplorable, as improvements by Congress this last year, is a more civilized detriment here. It will take about four years to highly elsewhere, among people. Some few days previous to the conference the complete the work here if liberally appropriated for by Congress. . ill II U HI llll.ll oc C1A1 11C1U3 Ul JrlUUI, .lUCIa the on until remained the 17th inst., and plantation Dear sister, I often think of the pleasant times when they again took their departure to the vawe have had, as neighbors, and in visitsmeetings, rious islands, and to th4eir labors in the ministry etc, ; I trust we may yet have many more. Please iUi nit uauiiij oi.v iiiuiuiii. ivuiiu uic V1MI Ul , remember me kindly to those across the water the Elders our little society was quite lively, the your "own dear self, and the loved ones in Salt brethren enjoying each other's company very . Lake. x "i .t . . God bless . mucii anci men scAiaiion. we seem quite deour dear loved ones,wherever they are- -a mother's serted now, since bur number has become so fewr daily and most humble petition, but from recent reports from home, we are looking You have still a life, in doing good. I busy forward to the arrival of Several new missionaries 0U all'my dear sistersrVCofeelc.Pay -" soon. Smith, M. I. Home, E. S, Taylof-y- es, The Saints have, purchased a set of brass inall that are trying to do good,my heart is with you a of cost at and $400, struments, nearly now, especially when you meet in the Fourteenth Ward tuition of Bro. Isaac Fox, of Lehi, Utah Meeting; the faces of the loved ones are ever before me Co., a selection of young men are making rapid long for their sweet company, the of music art the in making upon them, progress loving ,hake0f the hand. I had no though of and Laie will soon be favored with an efficient When 1 but i yo last, to take natives music much a brass band. The is all right, we learn new lessons that will be for long-sufferin- V Mrs. Emmelixe B. Wells:. l ia father, an d acknow- fru.?i K?ee 'vni'i mv 'nreintiir sisterr LaW&fSi U.yu,4lVJJ CORRESPONDENCE. formed, will compare favorably with like compositions from among the young people at home, and- from' the deep interest awakened in the congregation bv the reading of these essavs. I am satisfied they must have possessed some intrinsic merit. Conference of the Relief Society was held on the 3rd, it being well represented from all the Islands. The reports showed that the different branches were mostly in good working order, and ali ve to the. welfare of the widow and orphan, the 7 i n i f i : r mu diiu ucamuic, aim iu inc lugncr uuiics vi guiding and strengthening the morals and religious proclivities of the mothers, daughters and children of the Church, while some few were slack", being neglected by those who were placed in chargef Sister E. Farr was again sustained as general President, with Sisters Wilcox Kalua Colesand ianeana ieaiaKainonui, as counselors. Disier Nalia Kekauoha was appointed First Counselor to the President of the Laie Society, in the place of Sister Kaahanui Kaleohano, deceased. Interesting and encouraging remarks were made by several of the sisters, and all the officers were unanimously sustained, and the finan-ciaand other reports approved. On the 4th the Gen.eral Semi-annuConference new meeting: t convened. atiQLa.m., inlhe. large and with the intermishouse, continued, ordinary sions, until the evening of the 6th. This confer ence is said to be remarkable for the number of people in attendance, and for the unremitting and increasing interest manifested by all from begin-ingt- o end. The addresses of the Elders, both foreign. and native, were spirited and instructive, as evinced by their almost magic effects upon the congregation. There seemed to be a united and true Christian feeling existing among the Saints. The hospitality of this people is remarkable. In this respect they are not surpassed, if equaled, by the Saints in Zion, who are everywhere noted for 1 r: j. "The-Famin- Ja ledge ii , Na ouF good, for we Continued." . frcshing little meetings end mentions many names of sisters who have since passed behind the vail that were associated in these meeting Louisa Beamen, Vijate Kimball, Sifter Robert Pearee and Sister Leonora Taylor and Sister Cutler. . Inseveral places in her diary tt heads of the sisters thathave since come to fi fi cli n 1 fnZim nrnnrm n nnA 1 it 1 . pass. On Saturday, the l"th of June,'1847, as recorded in her journal, having previously made preparations, bister ,bessions, with all-needi- ul her husband apd family, left Winter Quarters to r.ome tn "thfi mnnntainq " n aho tprma it It was just ten years on that very day since ther left their fireside and hntnp in tho Rfnto of Maine to come to the gathering place of the Saints. Sister Sessions says, "L drove one wagon with a four ox team; we went only four miles the first day, and the next day went on. fifteen miles further; there are fifty-on- e wagons with us; third day we travel seven miles, there was a heavy thunder shower, but we reach the wu mv U ViU J.U CI. i V XiiCU " DllU UCO- - cribes the crossing of the river by this large company of heavily loaded wagons,the various inconveniences, the sinking of the raft at one time wetting the meat and grain, the unloading:, drying the provisions, etc. There ai-a J - " .... aluluuvx oiuiuai ' WUUUI CUCCO ' in our own experience on that journey, no doubt, and wonder, perhaps, a3 I of ten do, how we enaurea it ail so bravely. Fridav. the 11th sho nvo "li'iflir.Cm wagons came up, and all crossed the. Horn River safely. Partiarch John Smith came up to the company on the 12th, and word brought that Sister Ms ry Ann Pratt had arrived at Winter Quarters. Ero. Pari eyP. Pratt went' back from the camp to se her."" On the 17th she says Bro. Pratt returned' and Sister Eliza R. Snow and a great many others came up. Here she mentions Bro. John Taylor coming. "Tuesday, the 15th, the brethren are called .together to organize." She mentions the sisters "hulling corn," and making small cheeses. The 17th and 18th, the brethren keep coming, and mentions- the marshall back for the going cann-on"On the 19th we leave camp at 12 0 clock and travel fifteen miles to the Platte River, and on Tuesday, the 22nd, the cannon, Nauvoo Temple bell and the skifT haying arrived a 8 o'clock in the the morniug, organized company moved on. travel; the two cannons,Temple bell and skiff the middle line; go fifteen miles and heading camp on the prairie, near the Platte River. 24th move on ten miles, and stop at 10 o'clock, waiting for others , to come up and have a meeting to receive instruction. 25th, go two miles, and camp with a company of Indian traders; Dr. Bartlett was one of the company. Thev had been to Pawnee. 26th, go twenty miles, and camp on Beaver Creek. Sunday June 27th, we had a public for the whole V meeting bister Sessions also writes of a meeting camp." of the -- - . 