59 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. NOONTIDE. covers them from the public eye; but Jet that ; should never have married them; they knew be torn away and hiY fellows will paOncs upon aVv"thexe to put down him like wolves on a woiiccled companion aiid INSCRIBED WITJi LOVING TENDERNESS TO polygamy, and no method can be illegal that JV rend him! Let a j)arson, .SISTER MARY GKAV. peopler became accomplishes that purpose. That is the feeling: Not a heart even unpopular, and what wonderful ingenuity is I meet almost universally. am standing on the Summit of the years my feet have exercised in concocting and spreading reports throbs with pity for the wives and children . to their iniurv. and how eacrerlv thev are swal- - ' thus ruthlessly thrown on the charity of a cold climbed, ."T am standing on the Summit and the noontide bell hath. - lowed No s v iiinatliT for the7 by a. class of people who are constantly "and " u n feel i n er world- ibiA' ora 1 -- . chimed: "" And I am azinr Eastward where life's morning sun arose' Gazing hack unto that sunrise through a maze of joys and . nTtheiirfaTon is mm-whoareuffer- too unreasonable if it panders to Nothing the taste of the wonder-lovin- g multitude. ' woes. too to noxious excite the morbid Nothing - Those stepping-stone- s and the to heaven the days, and months the satiate' curiosity appetite of public " opinion. The sac redness of the.family circle years, is invaded" and- .sensitive hearts are exnosed. Those stepping-stoneeach laden with brightest hopes and torn and bleeding, to the curiosity of the gap-i- n '. fears, I find some token of their bavin lived and Lrcrowl . '.Stories are set afloat and circulated Upon each j ; died, through the press that make the alleged actors Upon each some blessed token, as a pearl left by the tide, gaze with . astonishment at the ingenuity of their detainers, JSIen holdingo offices of resnoni Sweeping inward from th ocean with its strong and mighty sibilitv and trust are'iriven characters such swell,' ' as angels of darkness should blush to record Sweeping inward to the shore where earthly mortals dwell. When reading some wonderful story do we Bringing its countless treasures from the deep sea's stormy ever. stop to say: What if it should not bo so? ... bed, What it all these nauseous drugs which we Bringing its countless treasures, bearing back our lost and dead. swallow so easilv are. alter all. onlv bread nil s. and have, really no bearing on the vital ques-- , Here find childhood's treasures, flowers so fresh and fair I Jo w- '- nan v - i n nocsh t v i o, t m n Here I find girlhood's treasures, bright eyes and sunny hair;' J.ioiiat liius would be and shame if neonle Hearts all so light and joyous, with neyera thought of pain. would a.sk themselves the question. What only Hearts all so light and joyd.usj Oh wduld they were so if it should not by so?. I am often astonished ' again. fables that are cherished and at the worn-ou- t Here I find tears and robbing all through a weary night, Utah. After listening0 to 'one reported about Here I find tears and sobbing, with a prayer for one ray of of those "terrible episodes" of "Morraonism," ; ; light,; . - taining and defending the women who have confideil themselves to their love and protection. How then can I give them credit for" that charity which stands so high as a Christian-grace, and when I see the hardness of their hearts and their unwillingness to listen to any good of those who are striving to live their - s, in religion as a brotherhood in Christ? I think God knowsbest, and He will judge the nations. . M. - J. Tan n ek. , ' ' 1 t J snared-sufferin- -- L whi chi i2srtai Only "One "gleam from heaven," one," word from c;ur Gcnl ' above, Only one gleam from heaven, and to know it was sent in love. - iiiy-Aoo--si i iy-t-o1 repeatI-aske- d my informant what he thought of such a story, lie said he thought if the;' did such things they should all be killed oft. But I said.s "Where rehFvkniLcourt4why to it?" This cross that seems so heavy, so hard for me to bear, '1 his cross so very heavy, it into my soul doth wear, And the thorns that pierce so deeply, hid in the flowers so bright. Those thorns that pierce so deeply, and the gloom where I looked for light. did-lh- ey not- - at--te-nd lie supposed the courts did not know of it. How then did it get in the papers? That seemed to p'.rxzie him a little. I told him if such thing could happen, and the courts not bring the guilty parties to punishment, they wewi certainly derelict in their duties. Yet I would not see the future, let it be a sealed book, It is surprising to see the venom displayed by I would not see the future, I'm not brave in .regard to enough to look, many otherwise intelligent I for to: each life asjc our Church. I inquired ... a bookstore for Only courage live, day my Only I ask that courage and faith rny God will give, Thil. Robinson's little book called "Saints and Sinners." I explained that...it was a work Still to press on in the pathway, that Christ our Lord hatlv 111.11 of the New ork puoiislied .1by a correspondent trod, . . . - . Trr7 ana was Still to press bn in the pathway, that will lead me back to entirely unbiased, the writer ' an taking God, unprejudiced view of the people and tne country. Bearing like Him in meekness the cross so hard to bear, lie said lie would. order the book if I like wanted it, but he must inform me Him, in meekness, that I the crown may wear. Beanng " ' :'' tiiat he was V highly prejudiced against the Hopk. ana not allow the- - book on hw September 8th, i would pe.opie v 11 1 vanted to shelves; quote to him the words of Paul: "He that answereth a matter before OBSERVATIONS AND REFLECTIONS. he heareth it, it is a folly and a shame unto 1 merely said that perhaps he wa3 un How many people there are in the world nim. justly prejudiced and passed out. who love the marvelous, who watch I find many true loving Christian people eagerly for something out of the usual line, and grasp "with who are laboring for Christ and His cause, and avidity that which is scandalous or exciting. who seem sincere in feeling that all who em How many writers there are who love to brace pander Christianity" 'are' the children of nramise i" 1 '. to mis weakness ot human nature. Let misand I do not feel like condemning such,t or feel fortunes overtake a person, and how soon the that they will be cast out from the blessings of tide of popular opinion is turned against him. our g ainer s Kingdom. Umst says, "Blessed How quickly everybody remembers that he has are the pure m heart tor they shall see God; done something they have and of, and are there not many pure in heart who can disapproved few are ready to encourage him cr condone his not undcrstaudthe principles of the "Ever offense. The tongue of slander is ready to lasting Gospel?'' They hold their right of vilify him, and ears are ever open to catch the salvation through (Jhrist, and who shall say sweet morsel. Let the finger of scorn be llow 1 wish 1 mey nave not their rewardr pointed at an individual, and a thousand could bear a testimony that would impress fingers are raised, many of them more deservtheir minds aud led them to see the principles ing of scorn perhaps than the victim who has of life and salvation, but thev will not listen. incurred the censure of popular opinion. The whole country is watching the progress of Many think to avert suspicion from themuau consiuers every conviction v"uiijw uiiiu, selves by turning the attention of the another public victory plural marriage. If I to the sins of their Let a person speak of injusticeagainst neighbors. they tell me there is no infall under criticism, and how soon it justice in making people obey the law. If I the stvle of say some were trying to obey it, only supporthi3 spleen through the sins ing their wives and children as press. How humanity would are condoned so long as the mask 13 many wonr that dictate, they " say it. serves them right; they o p-nl- - 1 : " -- -- PERSONAL ADORNMENT. In the )car 1770 a law was passed and duly registered in France under Louis XV., which read thus: "Whosoever, by means of red or white paint, perfumes, essences, artificial teeth, false hair, cotton wool, iron corsets, hoops, hall false-hips,-s- shoes: wi th'higlrheelsTf seek to entice into the hands of marriage any male subject of his Majesty, shall be prosecuted for witchcraft, and declared incapable of matrimony." If such a law as the above were to be nassed what a rustling there would by our bo among the ladies! Why, the Edmund's law would be nowhere! 2 But, putting aside the funny part of the matter, let us look at the reality. I, for one, law-maker- s, thiulctho French right wfren he thought that woman who were slaves to the caprices of fashion were unfit for matrimony. Certain it is, that if a women is going to allow her mind to be absorbed by the follies of the day, her family will be neglected in some way. kfng-ivaabo- Ilfr children may be faultlessly clothed, everything of the latest design, but where so much attention is given to that, when is the mind to receive. its adornments unr! frfmminnWhen do they find time (or, I might say take-th- e time) to lay up fresh beauties for our mental development and cultivation? It is safe to not more an than quite houra week say on an average. God has not blessed everyone with personal beauty, but, with a very few exceptions, He has blessed us all with bright intellects, and for all His blessinrrs we are in a measure Jin- countable for the use we make of them. And are we to neglect the richest of all blessings (the mind) merely that we mav find time to make what we think the necessary adornments for our bodies that we mav Dlease for a while till we have succeeded in catching a husband? That is about the sum of it. If we watch we can easily tell where this is more or less the case. After the beautv of annearancn has how miserable indeed must she be who fled, has devoted her tinae and means onlv to per sonal attractions. On the other hanrl. a cultivated mind makes old a?e beautiful ami truly t happy a beauty and happiness that 'will II last through time and all eternity. - - T 1 1 II. A. The Association for the Advancement nf Women will hold its thirteenth Oonp-rein Des Moines, la., Oct. 7, 8, 9, with executive sessions at 10 a. m., and public sessions at 2.30 . and 8 p. m. "The civic commemoration of the death of General Grant will take, place at Tremont Temple on the afternoon of September 29. Mrs. Julia Ward Howe will renrl an oricrinal ode, andIIenryWard Beecher will deliver ao oration." . 7 . 