sort of thing; but even on a fine enjoy that . . I T li i n is airncuit jor day, witn a smooin-&eman- to picturo any thins. Jtjiat is - beautnuL une stands in tne boat gazing auout his Vision limited by the uniting ot sea him, andsky at a given ditance.the vessel being the centre of what- appears to be a large dish very .1 Ji tl orjfLwniea twe are mmuuiin me concave siae inf about. It is true.the overouwerinar monat onv is broken el times by the appearance of another sail in the dish, and the joy of the" veriest old "tea dos: at any relief whatever from the prevailing monotony is to be seen in the alacrity with which he heads himself about so as to get a full view of the stranger. An ocean voyage may be very tame oryery exciting as the circumstances make it. It might.be a very lar resort during the dark watches of the night; -- . . .. a, 1 1 flcpp And 'anon one or another or; these hang in'ff nvpr spf m to have discovered something I iue-intern- al - - 1 1 ; . , " especial interest or it .may be fdl of interest, and anything but pleasaat. Heavv storms; an accident, or the too imminent approach to ice berg those diamond moUntains,gli8temag and sparkling in the sunlight or glimmering and 8niramenng in we iun ngnt oi tne moon, may give life to the event and make it'ever memora ble. For my part, however. I tad rather be on shore and send some one out tnto the pond to stir up a commotion when I wanted to see the ocean in its wildest merriest mood. Talk about the varying mood of the sea! . The only variation and (it is as anything but of frequent occurrence) h to sec it smooth. It is either n'!!'jh r him .)h,ur "'alfhand "alf." So far as uuy dilkivncv in appearance is concerned, jne . might as well be in a prison, for three months as on the ocean for a like period when there is no land visible. Before one : coes to bed at a fond farewell look at the night watery dish; arising the following morning he a "gaze3out upon the same old watery platter, . iV i ' ' i lew wavus uaviDg pernap3 come to be uisiointeai through the night. But for the knowledge that a given number of hours have elapsed, one is unconscious of the fact that any change in position has been made or any advance se; cured. For several days, at least, nearly all the passengers are in their cabins "bleaching out." They come only to ..succumb up on a fine day . .. i wnen sea me agam oegms to get stirred up. Aiiuru- is u jook. oi nenaisn aeiignt in the eyes of he ship's officers at the "much uetier, inaiiKs iryru tne white and bloodless lips, in response to the gruff, "how are you 'smorning?!! while the vastly smile of the gulping passenger seems to afford a degree of pleasure not exceeded by the prospects of a rattling good breakfast. There is always a warm, oily, greasy smell about the ship that makes a fellow feel as though it were a well of lobelia. The sea itself for three or four days, has a nauseating odor, which sets the,, internal apparatus A person must have a cast-irostomach, anyhow, to endure the perfume of the cabin for the first four days, and when he come off deck he has to dash for his room as though pursued by demons lest he should be caught in "the act." I will back one good whiff from the steerage against the best known medicine in the world as an emetic. It is warranted to upset the stoutest stomach within 3G hours, and keep it lipsot for a considerable length of time. It is entertaining to note the proneness, one might say fondness of passengers (who have been conspicuously absent during meal hours and from the deck in daylight) for the "shades oi evGHing .... 1 he- - faster - these fall the more rapidly do the bowels of the ship deliver up those who have sought its seclusion in the day. One sees male and female convulsively grasp ingthe cabin companionway railing, while afar away "oh give me back 'me' native heath I never more will roam the mighty deep" sort of a look o'erspreads their paie and emaciated icaiures. he-tak- es 1 1 1 . " 1 . . - 1 n v -- vuscl, heboatt TC1 , be qrterf popu- it by watching the dark smoke as emerges from the high funnel and glides noiselessly ,into the innight air; and by the Jresh breeze is wafted the dread genii of to fantastic forni3, recalling "Arabian of the land and tales of fairy nights' There is a tenderness incomparable wHen the waves murmur like gentle (winds stealing trees, with green and through dancing sunlight reflected in a myriad directions a3 from a shattered glass, w hile th e warm, sunlit sky arches low till wave and heaven meet in a fond, and one could wish indissoluble embrace, with blue sky and blue wave abounding; when the moon floods air and sea with a serne and hallowed glory, and the track along the wave is as the shimmering hoar frost glisten-in- s in the moonlit air of a winter's night, or when on a rugged shore, - the - breakers rise slowly up like spirits robed in spotless white, beneath. One oUen hears a sea voyave recom mended for nersons - suffering from a com plica tJnn'nf i?pf. There is little doubt of its (ffirncv. What is left of the individual after it is over ought to be healthy.- It partakes of the. natureof the toothache atrahei-cvi- is frswallowdlipIn.it,":but the "cure islnfiiiite." v worse than the disease. Ob, for about, two inches of land if a fellow only- had it in his pocket! This may sound like a joke, but the following extracts from the dairy of-a very Mear friend" of mine w ill tell the tale: 'March' 24 sailed; from New York." Taken sick 7 hours 2G, after starting. March 25, sick,-Ma- rck sick. March 27, crawled up on deck, but feel lifting higher and higher and higher, until, "ciwi.l verv oaa. iuarcn zo, uuy uv, icci Ht breaking into a multitude of spires, pinnacles March 21), a little rough, sic& again, iuarcn and minarets, they gently subside into the 30, feel fine March 81, actually want to eat. to other.forms equally April 1, rough again and sick again. April 2, wave only, to give plaoe fee! as fantastic; whenever.at whatever hour,in any very sick, until land is sighted; get up .and all times, the ocean is grand, way u'p7 April 3, nothing like an ocean voyogo mood and at sublime. after all at least I" hope there isn't. On land beautiful, About 2 o'clock on the ninth day the coast once more. Oh joy, oh rapture." as we apof Ireland became visible-a- ud No 2. , which the had been shore,;the water, proached smooth. 6ea! Ever pretty rough grew 'gradually Now, "The sea! The sea!" OK, glorious of the for first saw the the I ocean with new time, green pulsations. flowing, ever throbbing the green of poet and of painter. We "It plays with the clouds, could see the thatched roofs in placesand the It modes the skies fields separated by hedges, storm clouds were Gr like a cradled creature lies. passing over 'the Island pouring out their Calm and placid a3 a tzephj lake; grateful c!rop3, as one often sees when. .in our leaping in frolic, or heaving mountain high, mountain home. Nothing could . be more there is perpetual variation as there is forever beautiful. The evening came on calm and unrest in the ocean. "Oh, restless sea!" I lovely. The sun huug low over the wave in have read of the deep green of the ocean, the west. A fleecy cloud obscured its stronger heard it referred to in times of ecstacy,and have rays like a light-an- d airy, veil, and filled the looked for it while upon the wave, day after air with warmest tints. The blue sky arched dav. but never saw it until now. From New over; the calm, green wave beneath.' The York until the shores of Ireland came in vessel glided oh; the. waves scarce make a " view, the water has been a dark, slaty hue; ripple. As the sun reaches the horizon, the save momentarily when the wind, catching and sea before us is filled- with tiny sails dancing breaking the crest of passing wave into a yeil on the unbroken bosom- of the water; they are of whitest and purest spray would nincr it countless in number and their sails of tan-bar- k athwart another flying wave, "with whose hue, are spread- out to catch the fitful would and as almost it depths it gradually sink, revealing imperceptible breeze.. We are faded from sight, all the colors of the rainbow, ' prssing through the 1 rish mackerel fleet; somethe varied, brightened and incandescent tints times the boats are so close that their inmates of the opal and quartz crystal dancing for a salute us, sometimes afar off dancing in the waves in the calm and soothing eventide. The lew moments in the full suulight, gladdening -- the heart and indescriba-ble sun a bugeTnolterr ballr sinks into the western" filling- - the eve with forever. and then radiance, water, taking with it the burning track of passing away There is beauty, poetry, sublimity and always light that day 'along, the sea, and the words of music in the ocean. There is beauty when the Moore's incomparable song involuntarily day i3 full ofsunshinejwhen the night is rich with break forth. the light of the silvery moon; when the flashing ... "How dear to me the hour when daylight dies, of the waves against the sides of the onward gov And sunbeams melt along the silent sea; ing boat beat time and produce melody and For thee, sweet dreams of other days arise, rhythm incomparable the music of nature. And mem'ry breaths her vesper sigh to thee. , There i3 sublimity, there is majesty when the And, as I watch the line of light that plays, sea, lashed to a fury, leaps mountain high, Along the smooth wave toward the burning west, and the mighty waves fling themselves in madlong to tread that golden path of rays, dened wrath against the struggling ship, until And think 't might lead bright isle of rest she quivers again a3 if in anger, the while a The twilight comes; nigh t's shades creep yawning gulf opens -- before us on either side. How the bosom swells with confidence, and the slowly o'er the wave, and the outlines of the pride of mankind thrills, through the being Green Isle of the sea grow fainter; and fainter to see the toy this child of the hand of man-ri- ght the sails of the tiny fleet fade from view, "day's and rise in. majesty and grace and latent red sinks down the west, and stars creep :"""". .: strength, seeming to show contemptuous defi- - out of heaven's breast." r ance for the furious lashing of the mighty "'Twas twilight there, and Dian hung her bow , Low down the west; and .there a star, waye, Then is it grand, majestic, sublime and there is.an anthem in the roar that swells the Kindly on thee and me, from far Looked down; and blessed us through the passing glow." proud and exiutant heart and finds an echo in in the whole being. There is poetry in the Night fell. The moon rose large, red and ocean when white capped waves chase white full, out of the dark' eea. In half an hour when dance in the sunlight, heavens and ocean were flooded with a glorious capped waves, they clash arms, rush at each other as if in anger, romantic and hallowed light in which one never resting, still pursuing, still as loves to linger,which always awakens the better far as the ever unsatisfied eve can evading see. And and more tender emotions of the heart- - Can such" at night there is a sublimity, softened by the an evening ever fade from the mind? Can the iae(1 effect in the heart ever cease? nthedeepanddrec-thawakened in the mind and echoed in the heart Wandering Boy. -- leaf-hidde-n - 1 . ... 1 ' ( . - - - . - : , . .' . 1 to-so- e - 