i r WOMAN'S EXP ONENT; :: 24; by Congress' JMay cxcn'j't Ircm.rent. -- of to issne tmo on account, as he has declared,, his fears of the mob. This dayniany of the it 8 70, ami .declared citi-Eenprotess- : was lopencd, or that 't iyrli4, the it of Picture Galleries, embracing portion . friendship.advised the Saints to January clear from the county- as peedilyussible, had enraged fof'Saturday nightV-affra- y - the-wh- ole il', 101 tie Hails .rol bculpture and Bronzes iii Dec of the same pear two wcuepsfed' . r r l i T I 1 scuipiure were also opened. --Tlm gallery is no vr opened freethree days a week, and three days an admission lee of 25 eti R. is cnarge Rie g&nenev --oi county, and they wero determined to eoma out on Monday andmurder indiscrimi iiately; and in short, it was proverbial, among the mob "Monday would be a bloody day. 1 mob the of a "Monday cametand large party erathered at the Blue, took the ferry boat be longing to the Cliurch, threatened divas, etc" But they booi abandoned "the ierry and went to Wilson's store, about a mild west of the Bluev Word had previously gone to a branch of the' Church several mik-- west of the 'Blue that thd mob was destroying property on the east side. of theBiue,and the sufferers there wanted help to preserve their lives and property. Nineteen men volunteered and started for their assistance, but discovering fifty or sixty of the mob had gathered at Wilson's they turned hick. At this time two small boys passed on their way to AVilson'Srho gavedn formation to the mobbera-th- at the Mormons were on the roadwestoi them; between forty and fifty immediately started with guns in pursuit. After riding about two or two and a half mile3 they discov- ered thsm, when the company of nineteen immediately dispersed and lied in different directions. Tho mob huntedqfor them, turning their hors?s into a cornfield bt longing to the Saints; searching: their cornfields aDd houses, threat. ening women and children that they would pull down their houses and kill them if they did not 4tell where th-- men had fled. Thus they were employed, hunting the men and threatening the women, until a company of thirty of the Saints from the prairie, armed with seventeen guns, made their appearance. The former company of nineteen had dispersed and fled, nnd but ono or iwo "had returned to takd part . - AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF EMILY .1). - P. YOUNO. Continued. . "On. Friday night, November 1st, a party-othe mob proceeded o attack a branch of the Church at the prairie, about twelve or fifteen miles from the village. Two of their number in advance as ,fpies, namely, Robert were . sent Johnson and ono Harris, arrived with two guns and three pistols, Ihey were discovered uy some of the Saints, and without the least f . ' jf-s- r. mill "rv Koinr fl rr a iYinri 'cmwsI- TK i P. P. Pratt with the breach of his gun over the head; after which they were taken and detained tiil mornlhiy "which, i t wa3 believe T, prevented a general attack of tho mob that A-- i In the morning they were liberated "night. night auother party in Independence com- menced stoning houses, breaking down doors and windows, and destroying furniture, etc. , This night the brick part of the dwelling house of A. S. Gilbert was partly palled down, and the . windows of life dwelling broken in with brickbats and rocks; while a gentleman. Tiie aime night threer doors of the store of a r aiessr. ijriiDert & Jvnitnevwero-snlit-ons- n: and after midnight the goods lay scattered in the street, such as calico.e3, handkerchiefs shawls, cambrics, etc. "'An express came from the village after night to a party of their men who had led about a half a mile from the village for the safety ot their lives, stating that a mob was -- " . mm m . : The main body of the mob fled at the appearance of this com pany. (1 think this compauy were the nfen who had gathered at our house that I mentioned before.)". The same night some of the houses had long poles thrust through the shutters and -sashes into the rooms of defenseless women and children, from whenbe their husbands and fathers had been drivenxby the dastardly attacks of'....ill ft mch CP J J whinh nvivumu kJJ 1X1 ttli, teen or twenty men. at a time. " . JttJheubsequentbattle On the approach of the latter company of thirty '..men, some of the mob cried, ''Fire, God d n you, fire." Two or' three guns were then fired by the njobvhich were returned by the other party without loss of time. This company is the same that is represented by tho mob as having gone forth in the evening of the battle bearing tile olive branch of peace. Tho mob retreated early after the first their horses in Whitmer's cornfield ;two of their number, Hugh L. Brareal and Thomai Lin-vil- l, died on tiro, ground. Thus fell II. L. Bra-reaone who had been heard to say, "With ten fellows, I will wade to ' my knees in" blood, but I will drive the Mormons from Jackson Co." The next morning, the corpse of said Brareal was discovered on tho battle ground with a gun by his side. Several were wounded on both sides, but none mortally, except one Barber, on the part of the Saints, who expired : the next day. . "This battle was fought about sunset, Ion-daNov." 4, and on the, same night runners were despatched in every direction under the pretence of calling ont the militia; spreading as they went every rumor caloulated to alarm -and excito the unwary, such as, the Mormons had taken Independence, and the Indians had surrouuded it, and they being colleagued ' ' 1 l, . . ' 'II i . tuc village Janus iu jL. Halt a raile out, with most of their goods, and embodied to the ! moveui t umber of thirty for the preservation otlifo Jini personal effects. This nijjht a party from i hex village met a party from the west of the Blue, y. . : "" n, tt Ul UUU lil located at the miles iiora the village; here thev torti fhn r.iof from one (luclling and broke open : uiothcr house and jjund the Jcnnett, sick inched, whom they inhumanly, swoaring thoy would . fjicw ouc in, orams, they .Uncharged apistol,th-ia- ll ot which cut a deep gah ;i cross'the top of lis hkid. fn this skirmish a young man of tho juob was shot in the thigh, but by which party , eniaih3 yet to be determined. "THe next daySundav, Nov. 3rd,-fou- r of the Church, Joshua 'Lewis, Hiram Pa e, and he-Churc- Bhij.-.ab'outsi- . ".'I'D'.,::' - THE DISTINGUISHED DEAD OF 1884. "Of the multitude who have gone over to the majority during the past year there are the usuai number of prominent characters in state -- fire,-leavin- of the itore in the streeij. court, as was believed, perceiving the prison ersr to be witlxut counsel and iii immhrcnt danger advised Gilbert and his :brethcrto go to jail for theas tho only ..iilteiiiaii3rC-o6aif- ey -- north door was already barred and an infunV ; ted mob thronged' the house iih a determiners' the interpi,, ;" tion to betJ&m " "&&ifrblTVtLi9 gexjiieiMkn (Samuol C. Owens Clerk of the County Court, whose name will appear more fully hereafter) faid Gilbert and four of hii brethren were committed to the ' " county jail of Jackson Co.," the cell (rf which must have been a palace compared with the cou rt room, where dignity atxl mercy-we- re strangers; naught but tho wrath of man in. hotrid threate stifletl the ears of the prisoners,. y, togetheretc. The same eveniog- - Nov, 4, not being the store of-- Gil btit &r ud;wi th b reak i Whitney, and demolishing a part if the dwell 1 log of ,aid Gilbert the Friday night previous, thry permitted Mc.Carty, who was detected on F nday night, as .one of the breakers of the, store doors, to take out a 'warrant and arrest the said Gilbert and others of theChurchfor a pretended assault, and false imprisonment of Mc.Carty. Late in the evening, while the court was in progress with their trial in the court house, a gentleman unconnected with the w -- eloquence of Wendall Phillips has been stilled before the silver tongue had lost its magic power, and with him his fellow philanthropists, Herr LaskerrtheGermaiL Liberal, and Ives-huChunder Seu.,Che remarkable East Indian Of public promoter of the Brahmo-SomaSecrelife this loies active in men country b j. tary Folger, Senator Anthony, - ry Hunt (minister to Russia) J udge Noah Swayne, Augustus Schell, John J. Sisco, and President John W. Garrett, of the Baltimore and Ohio road. Of an older generation were Charles O'Conor, the once famou3 jurist, J. Watson Webb, Royal Phelps, all of New York; Reuben R , Springer, of Cincinnati, Thc.more promi-- :' nent journalists of the lists are Thomai Chenery, editor of the Loudon Timet; Thomas Kinselia, of the Brooklyn Eagle, George W; Danielson, iiofneProvidenceJouma; Wilbur F. Storey of the Chicago Times', Dr. Sanford D. Hunt,of the Newark Advertiser; Gen. James Watson of the New; York Courier and Webb, these may bo included Isaac with and Inquirer, ex-edito- r Henderson, F. J. Ottarson, Thomas Maguirc, !Mary Clemmer, Jane G. Swisshelm and Mrs. Anna Ottendoffer. The most. Lotcd name in literature is that of Charles Reade, who will be remembered long after the world that an English Prince named Leopold died about the same time. Of eminent clergymen, Bishop Simpion, Bishop Clarkson. f Nebraska; Bishop Kavanack; of the Method Episcopal church South; Bishop Wiley, Cliinese mission-aryjth- e Revr. Lawrence Walsh,of 1 ihode Island, treasurer of the land league, and the Rev. Henry Morgan, of Boston. 0' her names not to be overlooked are those of ICufne'Rouher, French statesman; Basjien Leruilge, Gen. of Russia; Midhat Pasha, Ju.lah P. Benjamin, Sir Bartle Frerc, Sanr.u I Ward, Wilt, liam Anson Wood , Henry C. W o r k, M rs . Brignoli, Maria Taglioni. Cetewayo, Han3 Makart, Fau ny-- E ssler, ( 'h arles Een no Hoffman, Profs. Packard and Williams, of Yale; Abbott, of Harvard,, and Guyot, of Princeton, and Taylor, of AndoverjCommodore Hunt, Gen.rWeitzel, and not least the Russian; banker, von Stieglitz, worth $70,000,000." has-forgotte- i.--t . Tod-lebe- Far-ragu- I WhatQver.Lknow," wroteiFrcdericLDcni- son Mauric in 1810 to his wife, ''except as to its outward expression, has conic to mcmuch more from women than men; I am ecrtain they have taught me the deepest wisdom." "A benevolent lady in New York runs a home, especially for cash girls. She began two years and ago in a little parlor with five or six girls, has since so enlarged her work that in the last chilyear she entertained- - and assisted 2,500 vr dren andyouhg sales-girls-." t ;" n, 