i """T :" 'T- - ut:t :rr " !. truher T::H hi I reatme nt at tluit u Uii be- - by The brethren were surrounded ho -- soldiers-- and required - uBro. Kimball called upon father to s lie arose and said: 'I suppose, as I am the est peru iji thfijmr knees -- that a man will stay on his .hours JWViJMlM twenty-fou- r our-recreati- ons. TrrrtrfnlTSl7wft-fhould-have the uHve-iirasrD"0t"pt"giddy7n , 1 cold-bloode- d x X ful-'ne- -- - ! ! - -- ajienn T cat Bn. Kimball . that he had done the beat .he. voTtlv hfdiet'O it. uoder the cir. J t Ts ou"rTd u ty to mind the ad- - docs not intend oili- " pnt " irav. "The AlmiLrhtv ss w - j when we dance we should do it a3 much by bounds ot reason and ngnt, or we win get out of the way, and have to fall back and hunt up a position"of right again. .Peter sums up the case in a few. words 'add to your faith virtue, and to your virtue knowledge, temperance, and withal be patient, and last of all godliness and brotherly kindness; and if ye observe these. things ye will not be barren nor unfruit. i T i ul in th.e tether k stwbrfct' than as i T 1 fuu 1 .1 : -- inowieogei-trtir-ivOTtra- It'oavior -- Jesus Christ.' -- V . I of your father, for his teachings are good and as for this dancing the crty,and passed so close tpour house that we could hear their remarks. A short time arter his I was out doors,when he-xa- n notrriiFa nyi hltTgcoTrectT si nnrf.v ol thfi mnh pump tin wit li f hoir nnma itt' - opposi te spiri t their shoulder, almost to our door, and shot a When we have a bad spirit, and call upon the Lord,, we will find that He is a great deal farther two year old heifer. I felt no fear, for I had would imagine. Brother Heber got pretty well used to seeing mobocratV by off than we this time, but stood and tee them. skin and cut touched upon doing right I believe that there is no man in the whole. circle of my acquaint it up and carry it away. right-eousneA court martial was . held by the officers of ance, that intends to do bftter and work more tlian Bro. Kimball, nor one that - the mob, and Joseph-- and the brethren that comes nearer to the point in so doiDg; thereW itlwWlf VOra With nrlt'Ila . liQVlTirr llui ...... liim l i L,LU fore it behooves you to hold up his hands, and saying a word in their own defense, were sen-- , as be advances in knowledge, so will you the tenecd to be shot on Friday morning, on. the his vessel is filled, be will pour it on as of same; public square in Far West, in the prc-enc- e of persons, their families and friends. ' At this General to your heads. God is sets men on the earth to teaeb-Iii- s He but peoDoniphan 'objected, sayinghe "would have as masters tostructJittle-child-rcnset are . ple, do with such nothing to actions,. God will instruct His people from time to time as tfiey can bear knowledge, and when we army. 'This" probably saved the lives of. the have fulfilled the things our messenger hasP prisoners, at that time, a9 the sentence Avas given us, another will come with fresh intellichanged,and they were taken to Independence, gence, y I have no doubt but what many of Jackson Co. Fifty-simore of the-- brethren were taken prisoners by General Clark, among youdiere will live to see the Ancient of Days come even old Father Adam. whom was my father. Tbey were collected re are now intbe dispensation. of the within a small-circ- le on the public square, of and times, every onjinance or office surrounded by a stroug guard, and there they' been has in the church of form- -' that practised were compelled to sign a deetf of trust, whlclt will be er in this dispensation, revived days, deed was designed to put, their projierty into even to the Malachi offering of sacrifice. the Irands of a committee, to be disposed of to 'before the and terrible all says, the debts which great had .been" contracted day of the pay will I send Lord, Elijah, the .prophet, lest by any, and all that belonged to the Church. be there faith not Also to pay all damages the mob might have enough, jjii; the earth, and I smite with it a curse.' sustained from any person whatever. And all for tho--- e 'And reason was Joseph Smith sent that who denied the faith were exonerated from signing this deed of trust, They were to turn the hearts of the fathers 'to the child ren, etc., to prepare them for the coming of then marched and confined in Bui k's tavern the Lord and so He will continue to send us in Far West, Nov., J.s:$. General Clark came iu and said to the intelligence by; messengers, till at last, old brethren there, that they were guilty, of all Father Adam shall at last appear to see his maimer of crimes, and although' they might children. ' We are too apt to judge our brethren unjustnot be.more guilty than others who were not and we should be very careful how we do ly, taken prisoner.-- , vet he intend; d to m ike an so, whei we know, that they are governed by examjde of them. The , nature and enormity"' the Spirit of God. We should mind and keep ui uieir cr.mes were sucn that thev vs re n ,? the helm of the ship in our hands, lest fit to live among a moral )eople, in n.. .1 :i .... the helm a a little, storm come yfip on, and we lose ciety. Therefore they should not :1; .u.d .ur lauiuue-oiuiif we have to live in the state; that' it was a but longitude PtLe ' tae pu t!ie of Lor.l we never shall get out pint treaty made by General Lucas, that th M uxLi ot our latitude and longitude. We should be that as the careful and zuwnouiuieavy Governor's orders- also. He raid 1 keep theSpirit of God on our side-fo- r jhe path will grow brighter and brighter Avather bec line Ier,nl! ,t!ieniJ,) until the "perfect day. warm, ami it tney were tud oil then !. rould 'Now, brethren, do .vou not think PQf pledge himself that he would driv tUm . , f 11 LIU Iu ot the state; and it lie Had tu come woujclje araiu be lect confidence won Id show tlitmrno j uarter. : thisis heave among you-- and and all the heaven that ye have will be that T17 "ve then auveu to RichmondRay uuireives. i nave sometimes Co., iMiasounJike so many dumb 'animal arul thought of the words M the Ialmbt 'How coutined iu Jliehmond jail. The weather wa3 it is for brethren to dwell polo!, tha around wi covered witb'mud in ,w 1 uatty ct.;. A two fold : I to, the admonitions Helen .mar whitney. essence, than what your Father Kimball had said., He has spoken of several things, especially of faith, which, if acted" upon, will redound to your glory. Brother Heber has sjioken of the parable of the watchit is a jood one, and if we keep the watch wound ;iip we cannot sin, for' if a man has the spirit pi truth and righteousness he cannot sin, and when he is possessed by the -- nrinciiie-- -i : in 'Mlveiamtt. cu.v. monitions oi me cpiru, icak the quicksands of evil. Now, I say, hearken "iirmIee that I ran say any m'oie7in went irom' hlmsePTo house,. plundering, pillaging, destroying and driving, in sooie instances, women and children from their hornes. Before the mob disbanded, after securing the arm of the brethren,. they rode through day,-wliil-e onA J aI intelligence. is seeking SMsla u ce.' '.' Continued.)'. ' v. 'nuwinni)ii wai observing :; , I that ;ci:pmia530J:i;s,AT ' rr-.'ir- r ,li e--f r.e ni andhatttlrTourI-pappCTnaiiswer,- could bit down 1 shall I say more, brethren?: tiiom Jo lime, wiule a prisonerx.jiihiiJL5AVU wohl-jwr,no them iu ti:e;orm oi a iHNcr: sirczzWi guarded. "Ti:e: in.;?l.' thiiL..;;! iwaj .might n:?: horrid, unearth! v vti!, and from the: throats wil. imagine -- teiStns if. was a soun'u liuk i.."iv-. loag to be reuiembfre d, ani one. i.hat no per.-.:couj'l uesirt t.vhear but once in their iives, pecialiy "und.er like circumstance.. ..' On the morning of' the 1st of 'November il. bugle sounded for the brethreni to assembP. a i ii j r rvery u an mm wen nrmeur ami waj parautt. ' T towrap arvunJ. a btankot nithxit vvivp":r;h 'I know I have my faults a3 well as yourselves, and my principal fault is impatience, and when I preach I &vajahew to (he line, (f i lie chips fly in vuj face. And now L leel to bless you all in the nameof Jesus Cbtist.' ''Bro. Kimball arose and said: 'I h ive been much edified by the conversation of Bro. Whitney. We always had tho same feelinca in common, and our views always met, and our thoughts always flow in the. same channel I don't know why it is so. 'Don't you see that there should be. temperance in everything dancing.p eating and drinking now, I love to dance myself, but let us Lam to be subject to" government in all r and things.; I am your head, your be will to and I reall and am king, eternity, sponsible to my head and President, and you are responsible to me, your file leader I believe that some of my old progenitors, of whom I have no knowledge, will appear and tell me when the time shall come for me to rise up and administer in the ordinances for them, and I shall receive a great deal of knowledge from them, which I could not re ceive directly by revelation. Now, this idea you never thought of, did you, boys? and I want you to keep it secret within tae walls of your own breasts. I want to have power,when I see my brother or sister afflicted, to tell death . i. ii i w uepart,i. anu it snau. depart. Jvery one haw the greatest obstacle to govern himself. I have greater trouble to govern Bro. Heber, and put self down than anything else. I always want a clerk to attend my meetings, so that like today we can have a record to look back upon for -- law-give- jj . our" edification. 'I never .felt, better , i : . in my mind, but my body ailing. I do delight in intelligence, and delight to see an intelligent mind. I do not know, what I know, unless by the utterance of the "Spirit; and if you wish to know yi im, puu apaper in your pxcKet and minute, things down, that you may ask me tpieiuons, ann it win not impoverish me. XT owrf feel to blesP vftil in tKfi noma e . Lord. I feel as if we have had a good time; niy feelings are good towards you all. Bishop Whitney is as honest a man as there is this side of heaven, and I want you to receive" his counsel as one of the Judges in Israel.' is .T "Miss Helen Taylor, the of John Stuart Mill, an efficient member of the London school board, hto accepted a tiomlttA- t on to rftdUtsEati z jii m-tfer Ik mi." step-daught- k? . er zmm 