WdM ANS EXPONENT ' what I say) that you must all 103 li' have depended,1 at least in this instance, on their marrvine? for "sin. we must remember, wheat (which,iike "tha widow's barret; xf mal, the with of to "feeding lainb," is" t he ; transgression of the revealed, .will of go famous for its never failing qualities) has, dispense you and He has also concluded that; after all, it 18 God; and supnosa you not that' when Jesus vuo uicooiug u UWU, UUt UUiy KtfpV. lUCUl 1J4 of no consequence whether any are found came He 'found the "Jews livin g i n plurality! yi dependent of their neighbors for h read. ' hut at or. not; least, brother, would and yet we hear, not a word from Him against has also fed some of their enemies. Y I would "occupying "be the result jiiLPaul's-teachingstateof this not things He even lorbids divorce, here remark that: they' never saw the color of it; on the if carried out? But Paul was a except for contrary, adultery, which shows that more the money which was. offered for the bushel of man, and, when not speaking by inspiration, than one wife was lawful in His day. 4 So your wheat, neither did tlrey expect to.) .At . 'the hint concerning things which were "permitted time ofLthe great fire in Chicago, President appears as liable to mistakes as soine other good he was for his that own merely uttering under the law, having been discontinued Under Brighara Young sent them $1,000, and the people, with connection the "shortness in of; collections from the Morrain3 altogether, as I opinion the (jospel,- - does not .seem to include poly' be to seen. time," appears plain gamy; indeed, I marvel, my dear brother, that am( informed, amount 1 to several thousands. But God, who saw the end from the beginone so well informed as yoiirself should so This fact, and also the account of their giving-fivthe Paulfrustrated has of in designs hundred to the yellow fever sufferers at ning, lightly esteem one of the greatest blessings of huthis matter, by placing in the make-up- . ever designed for. the human race by an alwise one time last year you may have seen recorded man nature a disposition to carry out His own Creator. in the Eastern papers. ' : of creation. To be sure your .crusado appears chiefly purposes As I was not in Illinois at the time this peo. I will not, however, do you the wrong to ask "how filled a man against polygamy.for you ple migrated there, I cannot take oath as to your imaginary faith in with the Spirit of God' could desire more than whether thev were warlike or not, but I can suppose that you,-wit- h ,:' Paul's theory of First Cor., ever, carried one wife?" say that m all .my intercourse among them I it into practice, for how can I, as the sequel Perhaps that question can be better answered have seen no such spirit manifested to their ,. ; .: has shown? v enemies; on the contrary, have noticed that by one of your own sex, as I will bye and bye understand I If you aright, you place the attempt to show you Being myself a woman in all their preaching and teaching, and in all Paul those of Joseph Smith : you will excuse me and of teachings sympathies in this tlieir writings a spirit ' of the utmost forbear. . .... . n J' i! to one anoiner; anaj wenit matter are entirely on her side, for. tell me, ance isi inculcated in his TTiowTis not the system of plurality. a fine thing ' May 1 hope that Ishall not weary you while you mayrfor while Paul is teaching-merel- y human opinion, Joseph Smith is teaching the ior women; it is in my opinion oniy a . I sav- a --few words on the snhiert. of the resnrrec- revealed will of God, both old and new. ,.Now false education that prevents a responsive tlOU. "ves" to ceased iu live he the 1844; the Besides from women. of Joseph It is stated in the New Testament, John year majority utility suffered the. same fate of most otherprophets in more than one respecT to them how otherthat the Father raiseth up the dead and murdered hands the wicked of wise can ''every woman have her own husband?" by men; being quickeueth them, which would seem as if no d the but! suppose "short in Mass. riVht other for W there are including your own State of person had anything to do with it. But time" covers arleast'part of the ground since seventy thousand more females than males (see hark. - Even so, just as' His Father did it, the7 that date, and yet during "this same time you JJio Lewis, in Our (jrirls, page loO.) It apSon quickeneth who? Everbody? Z Whom mistake if I taken to fold own have, He will. So we see already two persons ennot, your pears to me that throughout the world generaltwo of Christ's sheep and several lambs, which females the males. the gaged in the work, and yet it says again, in ly fact makes it look to me as if the rope with " You probably remember the record in the verse 25th, the dead shall hear the voice of which.you have attempted to haug the Mor second book of Samuel 12th chapter, and 8th the Son, which is to raise them to life, as if mons had somehow slipped around your own verse,' where God, by the mouth of the Prophet the Father had nothing whatever to do with it; neck; but you are not the first or only one who Nathan, gave a number of the wives of Saul but in; verse 19, of the same chapter, it says has professed to adopt Paul's theory, for in into the bosom of David, who, as you will see, that even Jesas could do nothing only as He io.-some oi me goou aavent Drethren were must have had the Spirit of God at that time, learned how by first seeing His Father do the so exercised thereon that in Lynne a special he being a. "man after God's own heart," same, and, being the Son, He is heir not only i i i u:. givry, .f xivs tt' powert jlo raise meeting was um ujsu appointed after fnine and yet God, whom you will allow to be a ui oi jiis o'clock; where I happenad to be present and the dead. wiser judge than myself or any man could be, Now, Christ, being taught by,' and heard the people talk raul till midnight; when saw fit to add to the number which this spiritual assisting Hi3 Father, would it be strange if He they returned to their homes. Whatever their minded man, David, already possessed; one should confer the samo no wpr nn Hi von ncror conclusions were, I never khew,Dut the cir would think in these days that then, this "good uiuwiuo, uj iCttVUilJg bUCUl UJf IUUJ LUC .oil U1U cumstance wa3 in due time followed by an in man" ought to have been satisfied, and if he Perhaps you will say this canaot be the design ' . 4 i? xl crease of family among the married, much to was hot he could have had more had he ob11 oi me Aimignty, or it wouia De so recoroea; the chargrin of one, Bro. Lyford and wife, of tained them lawfully, God's word being the but who can say it ha3 not been? .There are a balem, who on the discovery in their own case. standard, but he was not to steal another man's number of books referred to in Scriptures immediately isolated themselves by removing wife, nor Bhed -- innocent bloodrboth of which which are not preserved between its covers. to .uanyers, oecause ot their dread ot meetin crimes he. committed,and these were the crimes This fact is an argument to my mind in favor with the.holy indignation of their friend an for which he suffered; a heavy penalty, but not of the necessity of new revelation, for how else brother m the faith, N. Florentine, who,, as for desiring more wives than one. Ot course can we be instructed in all things which go to make a man must more now shortly appeared, was in the same predicament. one admit that in than you perfect? Certainly the books reIn fact, I have to the see ferred to were intended for that purpose. Beperson who has instance a plurality of wives was more than jet carried out Jfaul's theory fully since 1843 on permitted. sides, it is stated in those we have that if all account of the 'shortness of time" the with "how things which Christ did and said were Again, you inquire you conld," But, further, you say that the practice of your present convictions, surround yourself written, the world itself could not contain the plurality was never pronounced o duty or means with tne .things of this world in order to inbooks; so that some truths are barely hinted at, ui saivauon ior either sex. JLtis expression crease the number of your wives and family?" like, for instance, the baptism for the dead, a oi yours serves, to me remind that work, by the i way,i which I know no people. in again, you I would also ask Jf you have not afways . are not a believer in Joseoh Smith m a done what .t ii t your law allows you in that line? me woriu w ue uoing except me ujormons. rophet, or in ? the divinity of the Book of Of course you are squinting a little at the Again, it says Christ shall judge the world; 1lormon. but vou do von ftM the, - - sav , is it any more marvelous Xo suppose that Mormons Rfvpnt and V J again; so I will say that being driven j. from their homes in a civilized and Christian the Saints shall assist in raising the dead than glad, because we can together listen and hear country- into a desert, where their enemies were that they shall judge the world and thus it is waat some ot them have to say on that score. written. so sure they, would starve to death that they " e win negm with Moses. Uid not he declare taunted them with the, oner or a thousand I can find a much consolation in the one Lat man'f brother die, leaving no children, dollars for the first bushel of wheat they would idea as the other, believing each to be true, wu uving brother should take the widow and raise upon the arid soil they lack, in some and both surpassingly glorious. . raise up seed to his dead brother. Now, You argue that Joseph Smitfi cannot be a supinstances, many of the comforts and the the posing living brother already has a wife, beauties of your surroundings you see their true prophet, because the Scriptures do not wan ae in that case refuse to ih evidence Thpr obey the one man motive in. fleeing; here was nojtjo aggrandize describe him as such wno was lawL as the appointed byGod themselves, but to keep the law of God, which enough inthem to .satisfy me, nd if I should great TTuab ii iuc wmow Buouiu reiuse 1, they understand requires of them one tenth of write you again I will give you iV-- references; ; to accede to Uhbse terms, could" they both be all their income (whether it be a bushel of I fear I may weary you now. air i I w;?h to saved all the same as if ta helpon His cause, and having take further notice of sotiie other of your obthey had been obedient wheator-less- ) w thecotnmand. of God as given by Moses? faith in Him more than in all the world, be jection?; but I will fust remark that I am not had they obeyed every other-an- d still fore the sun set. the day they arrived in Salt aware that the "young men and maidens" were continued to live in violation, of this take Valley; they had planted potatoes and not so minutely described as to be n cognized Jave ; single one, would they not have. corn, and the next day they "smote the rock by everyone. Soma supposed they' were a guilty 0f all? And supposing 'such and brought water from the' mountains: : which parcel of drunken people, instead of. the peothe case, would not the salvation of each the Lord had 'filled, and wth which they have ple"of JoelY prophecy, and how was it with stop-genera- . e - 7-2- 9, , t ' , . if-m-y " I : conira-aistincuo- " . ; . 5-2- the-perio- . out-numb- . er . -- - a one-nigh- lit 1 1 - 1 1 - TJ -- -a -- ,1 n : jt-ve- -- ken'.-pronounce- d . 1, 