vas the gold of hope! ' would not have all sunshine If we could. Tbo days with all their beauty and their light Come from the dark and into dark return; Day speaks of earth, but heaven shines through the " Wo :zZ plsbt, . , TH.. star-Are- s ----- burn. So runs the law, tho law of recompense, That binds our life on earth and heaven in one; Faith cannot live whn all is sight and sense, But faith can live and sin when these are gone. We grieve and murmur, for we can but toe The single thread that flies in silence by; When if we only saw the things to be, Our lips would breathe' a song and not a eigh. v Walt then, my soul, and edge the darkening cloud With the bright gold that hope can always lend; ' And If y thoa art with sorrow bowed, Wait till and thy grief shall end ! to-da- w And when we reach the limit of our days, Beyond the reach of shadows and of night. Then shall our every look and vpico be praise To bim who shines, our everlasting light. t Sunday Magazine. ' - Henkt Burton, - 1 Exponent: Taking it for granted that observations and reflections respecting the social and moral attitudes of the women of the world will not be ventured into the world to promulgate tho di tn fulfill' mla. Gospel in pursuance. iu sion abroad, , I feel free to express my views,and give my reasons for their existence. Born and raised in the valleys of Zion, and as a consequence accustomed to the marital relations of God's people, I often wondered how it was possible for the world to rnfute such impure motives to my father and mother who had ever been cautious to teach me the principles of strictest virtue and integrity. Besides the authorities, whose recitude and virtue I knew from my earliest boyhood was impeach-able- r had been denominated lecherou37 because of their family relations. I had read of the wickedness of the women of the world, and when delending our marriage system at home, Vjv fftrrinr!nnr oifnntJnna Kppn frennprtr ly told that I must not believe all I read or heard, but that when I traveled abroad my opinions wouia entirely cnange. , The opportunity1 came, and true my opinions. are somewhat modified, but onl v 2 to increase my contempt for those who cry out against my VU1VI - ... At New York "I felt somewhat anxious to make inquiries, for the purpose of learning the moral status of that city. To a publisher of wide reputation I remarked, That after read-- , -ing such books as the "Secrets of the Great City," I did not see or hear anything in them that would offend the most aesthetic individual. With a good natured smile he wanted to know how I had been occupying myself in thecity, . and remarked that I must go "slumming. I had never heard the word, or had forgotten fa-it. on further inquiry I learned that it was a vorite pastime with many to take a guide and Visit at night the slums of the metropolis ana miserable dens of iniquity to be found in Water Skand other places of carousal. ; Ihe informed me that sin in gentleman-furth- er - 171 E? weI1 regulated that no one to be ehocked by immoral women; people could go where these evils were or stay and be perfectly retired. . isot being able to. reconcile myself to such, a .course, I sought to viait Blackwell'a Islan'd, notorious . correctional institufiona. a letter of introduction, which enabled curing me reliable information, I set out lor the ferry boat -- There" were on the boat female -- prisoners. It was the third ... sateen boat load, and thatmorning--fifty.fivfemale prisoners had been conveyed to the house of correction. The conduct of the officer toward them, two in particular, somewhat aroused my sympathies, and I ventured to inquire the reason tor such severe discipline. He told me then that a depraved woman was far moreiciou3 and more treacherous than a depraved man, and that his experience had taught him to be somewhat severe" to wan! tlipm The picture to me, was a horrid one, and I have not enough morbid curiosity to ever want to see another such. There were m the institution at the time about eight hundred. The officer I met On ..the island wa3 verv courteous: and escorted me through, the hospital, where I utucm Hie uiust puiaoie oojects numau conception i3 capable of- producing. Here I procured lengthy, statislfc3,80 far as they were obtainable by the board, and as they are at present not materially different from those published by Dr. Sanger in his "History of Prostitutes," I will not quote them here. The doctor remarked that 30,000 prostitutes swarmed the cities of New York and Brooklyn, and the modified form3 of prostitution have sent their -- ranifications intonhe very heart of society. VI suppose,"! remarked, "you could not find a thousand men in thesetwo cities but what look upon such a condition of society with perfect horror, and would be willing to vote for the banishment of every such woman from the state." "No doubt," replied the Dr." good naturally, "the men are very innocent in the matter, but I ota afraid if the qtiestiou camtJ up for a vote it would be laid on the table. Still there seem3 to be a growing feeling for the necessity of such institutions, and more or less advpeacy for their existence under proper xuw murai uoiiuuious oi woman jeguiau'jiis. have, in past ages of history, been taken as a social thermometer to determine the virtuous temperature of society, in which man figures as an airy, invisible, innocent creature. Continuing the conversation further, I remarked,' to-acqu- river, but I wi expressed time and again. 1 There is nothing more certain than that concent ion ct' . . morafi? as Saints ': . v -- . . 1 erprpJltter-day- eTth world "are liametribalSy opp.vedi To integrate with the world we not only need to throw away our, marriage system, but throw away our1 whole religion. When I have heard men advocate certain immoral conduct, or impurely stems,-- !- have often thought of .the anecdote of George Francis Train. He said he had been educated and brought up by his grandmother, and that she had. taught him to be strictly truthful and honest; but when ho came to America and saw how American Congressmen did things, he began to wonder if "grana" hadn't cheated him,:. "The fathers and mothers are not cheating of ..Zion, and whatever hthe sonsiiand daughters . t , .i ine worm may say.tney would better' accept the vise counsel and moral teaching of their pa' ; rents. J. M. T. . . . ; GEORGE. ST? St. George, at this season of . the year, presents a most charming appearance. Let us stand on an eminence and look down upon it, that we may fully admire and enjoy the beautiful scene, which is embraced by the warm, balmy air and bright sunshine of an early . . snrinof o day. i There lies the little town not so very small, either nestled among the rugged, red sand stone and black voIcanKynlB ngibjectormle1re5tla that sacred edifice, the Temple,whose pure,white walls are such a strik ing contrait to the red soil which surrounds it. Then there u our Tabernacle built of red sandstone, beautifully finished and furnished,, surrounded by a white picket fence, which encloses a well kept garden of various kinds of trees, shrubs, flowers and Jucern. beds:' Next comes our court house, stores, etc-- , and many neat, fine looking, substantial dwellings,-whic- h would do credit to a larger city. There are the broad street", whose sidewalks are defined by a stream of running water fringed on either hide with fresh green grass and a row of shade tree3, cottonwoods predominating. Spread out before us is the r.ewly planted gardens, laid out in straight rows ready for irrigating, with here and there a fresh green patch of Jucern, and the early vegetables look ing temoXinfflv suirirestive of future feasts. The. pears and plum trees have put forth their delicate white blossoms, and the apple, peach and.almpnd have, put on their gayer " garments of. pink of different scented lilacs, with their wealth of bloom, and even the lovely currant bush.rnodestly opening its tiny yellow petals,"as if doubtful of receiving any notice among so many gay compan-- ; T shadesj-thersweeTT- best indicated in the tendency to prevent and destroy offspring. Such conduct is unnatural, and., consequently impure. The physical nature 13 perverted, and the moral, of course, must correspond. With these material condi tions, unnatural as we know them to be, so sensitively connecting the moral senses, it is evident that a new moral code must spring up, and people's notions of purity, virtue and sesthetics may, in the next generation, present an entirely- new phase. As long as the laws of T the'- . "and family disintegration in particular, are r. 1 Bature are treated as vulgarities, ana vulgari ties as virtue it 13 evident that the two must change their base oif operation, and whither such tactics will drive us, heaven only knows." These remarks were impressed more firmly-upomy mind - when, in company with an English gentleman and lady, on our way to Mt. Vernon. English and American patriots was the topic of conversation. The lady affirmed that England never had a better monarch than Victoria, but that the vulgarity jhe exhibited in such a multitude of children was a standing disgrace to the English people. - de-,fe- nd e 1 bavetumbli'.'iiito . ire among women are the best indications we have of social and family: disintegration." "No," replied the Dr., "they are of course great ".'.rfeould if ached England, only, to hear - SOME SOCIAL RELATIONS OF WOMAN. JbDiTOE t a aw tin Where in tho blue a thousand if V;rKi WT " IkiVV Wnw th eun, but briber afUr rain; Tbo cloud that darken make the ky more clear; So rest If ewaeter when It follows pain, Aud tha adpartitjg make one frluda more dear." well It Eboald bo thua: our father know The things that work together for our Rood;"-, AVe draw a sweetneas from our bitter wo- e- a I ions. " : What a beautiful spot to be found in such a wild, uninviting country, telling in the.mo3t emphatic language of the patience, perseverance and industry of. its inhabitants, and above all, of the blessings of God upon their labors. Showing what the united faith and ' Saints can accompli jh,.. works of the Latter-daand-thi- s is but one of many of our thriving citie3 and towns in Utah and elsewhere. Truly this mission seems to be to beautify, adorn and redeem the waste places, as well a3 to labor for the salvation of their fellow men. y - -- - Marguerite. n Ristori,the celebrated Italian actress, visited our city last week and played Elizabeth of England and Mary Queen of Scotts. She still possesses a wonderful power,, of fascination over her audiences, holding them aa though spell bound. To see her once is to remember -- -- r her always. , 