t WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Vr. flt rvw- m. -- name, ana we can not anuiu w slvc ur ."." is not it Tt will satisfv. because oJr. npvfr '' J 0 f iwi iiviiwi ' '" ' Y Perfect. M. E. Kimball. : ' ' . Salt Lake City, May 22nd: m rr - -- ri-4v--- w ' " . correspondence; . Omkr, Round Valley, .Arizona, May 6th, '85. Editor Exponent: : We prize the Exponeot very much. It always 'comes like an old friend that we have been waiting to see. Your sister in the covenant of peace. i;' E. J. Buiuc. " . ' Editor Exponent: We have been Called to part with one of our young ladies, Sister Emma Taylor; daughter of P. G. and Jane N. faylor, who departed this life an the 22o.il of March, after an illness of enly two. days, It has cist a gloo11 over the ward, but the Lord's will be done, and not ours. 1... The Relief Society hold their meetings every two weeks; there is always a goodly number present. Our worthy President and Counselors re trying to do tl best they can, always giving good counsel, and we enjoy the Spirit of in our meetings to a very great extent. Our Bislii-uP. G. Tavlor meet with 115 very efteu and gives us good counsel, and encourages the sisters in their good works. We have on hand, wheat, 2?o bushels; property, $14; cash, $15; cash out on interest, $150; and lave donated to the Ogden Tabernacle $14 inlca-sthis year. This is my first attempt to address a few lines to the Exponent. I havejtaken that valuable little paper four years. My husband joins with me in reading it, and we enjoy it very much;. it reminds us of what" our" pa rents have passed through- iu davs that. as well as the troubles at the present time. Ever wishing the Exponent sikws f re Your sisttTs in the Gospel, main, ' ;- . e - tho-Lor- . A.Siiurtlifp, Sec. - Prest , ' 1 . . - h Mary E. Key es, iu-o- ping , east harris ville. , " i'JARY iiUKNUAM. - IIEnETi, ULNA VALLEY, NEW MEXICO. WIIITECHAPEL Editor Exponent: UKANCII, LONDON. V Zion is upward and onwnr(I,Tor v'now is the It those who are skeptical on or have the hardihood in question tbe 'fact, had attended Orson's lare assembly rooms in the Mile End, WednesdaV day of Israel," As I am a reader of your valuable little Winer, and havp this HoIateiUettlement, hence thelibertvl take in penning a few lines to you, concerning the :,,,lMtt,J ciauonnopmg yoj willgive them space in your paper. The Heber Ward Primary Association was organized OetoberJGth, 1884, by Bishop G G AVilliams with (f .rginia Curtis, rresident' '' o this-point- I to-ca- ll 0. The Spirit of the Lord has been aim 14s . ly in their, midst, Which has given them a3sur- ances that their Heavenly Eather has of their humble endeavors in trying toapproved do what could: Earnesti in they y pray e for a contin n- ance of His mercies and blessings during the coming year, through Jesus Christ. Amen. xM .. auy Garner, President, ..'TT - or errors on this point would have received k c ucn would have been compelled to- acknowledge that there is in Wormomam an irresistible ..force that only requires occasion to call forth Knd make manifest; for notvvithstandincr the vave of persecution now passing over thZion 1 trod. yet the Latter-daSaintsfuilow on in Jhe even tenor of their way, and, like Jesus of old, go about and try to do good,by visiting the poor and succoring the needy. Among the -- ;'yc d-iatei.t--power, y - i.-.- ; , S Secretary; Sarah" Secretary; George Williams urer, an, thirty-twmembers enrollednow number sixtv.tv T ti. ' xuc Juui) ones hav J . -a- uc great progress in a short time. They Aslant . . v 1 . M. 1. A. & P. A, REPORTS. Melissa pre-eminently,- re-ina- rk the Lord. ?;&, Y. L. forhusdoinrgooiithevf various-agencie- s e Society standsjortn tho celebrated On t!ie bovodatewas OJigarecitadQn3dialogues,etCil AlLgave eleventh anniversary of the Kelief Society of such satisfaction that we cannot mention names. the above Ivrauch. by the usual concert or enIn the afternoon the little folks went forth in tertainment. The programme had received a dance and picnic. All enjoyed themselves Vnd iudicioiisct'iisorshii, aud so nolhurg thmr lit tip nripq have i)le&Zl.lf. occurred or passed that could have offended the A party was given at night for the adults, the. most cultured taste, or mlringed in me leasi deproceeds to go tor the uenetit 01 me AssociaAs Saints of gree upon the rules of propriet) we are trying to imitate the tion. So, you God we desire to set a good example in idl cnHlflniPnf, nf nur dpjirlv loved Utah as much : feeble-wa- y. ur The health of- - things, even m - as we-eAfter singing a hvmn, and prayer for tho -- the people, in general, is good. divine blessing by 'Elder J. G.M. Barnrs, Wishing for the. success of the Exponent, to help forward Prest. II. Garner, who p resided, called, at half are those who. all and trying . ir first song, and from -past seven, o'clock, f6r the the great work, 1 remain, that'time tmtil eleven o'clockiwith but n short One of your sifters," interval n. ten minutes, the interest never E. V. C. flagged. Ir fact we are witbin bounds to, that enthusiasm prevailel throughout. . BURNIIAM, NEW MEXICO. . Again, in several instances, considerable talent , Editor Exponent: was displayMxThat the M. I. Associations in " As there has beu no' mention of our affairs London araotote Saints, begin to bear good ; fruit must have been, patent even to the least in this far off place for some time, I thought ' "" j it would be well to speak once more, lest we be observant. fj In this liraifed space all that can be done is forgotten, or at least thought spiritually dead. reference to a few, who, by Our i ouug Ladies were reorganized last to make a their talentJ.iseW to demand f ome notice. All, winter with about twenty members officers however, triea h do their beat. I will here and all. Mary Burnham was chosen Pre.-i-remark tbat ueconcertwLS graced with the aent;. Eliza B. Farnsworth and'Ardell Stevens, presence of ElderC. W. Penrose, the talented Counselors; Jenny Allan, Secretary; Abbie Editor of the )esret New. The song comStevens, Assistant Secretary; Lizzie Stevens, Treasurer. We' have held our meetings quite posed Jjy him, entitled "The loved ones at home," was sung d Sister Angie Cross iu her regular once a week, and each has manifested a desire to improve. Some, essays, have been uual able style. A part Hng by the Sisters Chalk and S. Edgley wa3 most pleasing, enwritten, and many of them would have done titled "Love at Home.'' A comic .song, by credit to a society of a more advanced age. We have only the one organization at present, Polder W.LoVedav,was a treat. Sister A. Gell and all are interested to help make it a suc again excelled in her song, "The old Maid' cess. given with quaint humor. A Dutch Recita Our Sundar School was nlr mrtialiv tion, by Elder C Denny, was very amusing. The Sisters Cornell rsangmost. creditably, "lie reorganized sometime ago, and is dying as well as could beexpected. I think, sometimes, wipes the tear from every eye. ; The twenty-thir- d larn-those who live in Psalm was chanted in a most beautiful ard.old spfTlpmpnm in Utah hardly realize what uphill work it is manner by Sisters Isabella and Fanny Chalk nlnn ...M. Kill.. w nntlkj aiuug wwu. eo iiiLie maienai 10 worK alto. and treble. It was likelv a fine treat to hesr Prest., Garner and family, with Sister M. with; yet we try to realise the fact that God W A Edgley, sang a part song, "There is nothing thoslT 'in w who nut their trust helps and we are very thankful that tlius far we are left Jike the A lengthy song by h M. A. in peace, though we.do not flatter ourselves we "The 'Stowaway," sister, Nunn, young are more deserving, but that our turn. has not deserves more than passiug notice. Again'tho beeu served yet, and we pray, when it is, that Comic Kecitation, composed by 13ro. II. Garner. we may.ionow tue noble example set by ?ome and given by the writer, "The Cheap Jack," J P TT. 11 l . our excited general hilarity, as did a sonL' com oi uian oretnren and sisters. How we View with contemnr. thp. nnwnnllv posed' bv the writer, entitled "The Mormonactions of some who seem to prefer to be called Bells. The Bros. SpiJJman likewise Were very honorable, ctntlemen bv tlipsp nffi was---- rpnd bv renort amusing, lhe following O ,L "J ' " officials, who have scarcely a conception of the Secretary': uouur, ramer man iiaye the love and Eleventh Annual Report. of the Relief So confidence of their brethren and sisters, ciety of the Whitechapel Branch, for the vear or the approval of the God whose laws' ending March 4th, 1885.. This Societv con have thv pretended to 'bsr:' hnV thru W sist of a President, two Counselors and eight their, own selfish. natures the best, and will be Teachers. Number of meetings held dn rewarded accordingly. the year, twenty-four- . Visits made, ninety. God bless the Saints and nil Cash collected from all sources, 12. 14s. lid and strengthen the cast downis the prayer of Disbursements,. 11 0 IQld. On hand. 1 an ... country. Our Society is in a good condition, as well as the other associations. The sisters' are (eeling well considering""the circumstances. Two of the brethren are in prison, one in Detroit, the other In Yuma, while many others are absent; but we feel that it is all right, that Jhe work of the Lord h rolling on, and all we have to do is to live our religion, and stand still and see the salvation of ... hich y- our-amusemen- ts. I though! I would write a few lines to let you know how we are getting along in this far off . e first-dagave an entertarnmcnt-thconsisted of. crowning the 'May Queen, ! Ann Gell, Secretary. 7 Elder Penrose made a few wise and fitting remark?. He said if the mrtfp TOD bibe noble idea3 and impulse's thev wrmU K r imparted to their efftpring. A short address bv Prest. .TT,nn,l prayer by Elder R. Brabv. and ono nf.fho most successful anniversaries, if not the most ' yet held was brought to a close. Aho large meeting hall had been rfndpiwl most attractive by four large pictures or draw. -- . I' p TI'- 