EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 38 THc first intimation I had from Brother that-tke- re .. was Jo-pand.holy order of plural- marriage- was in the spring of 1842, hut I was not married' until 1843, I was married to him on the 1 1th of May, 18.43, by President and Marcel us' L. Bate, Clerk; d rew Gaboon, C. V. Spencer and Stephen Perry, were appointed to draft a constitution for the society, and the meeting adjourned to the 28th of March, when the aid counnittee Shp frflVH Ker free and full consent.She narr always, up to this time, been very kind to me and my sister Eliza, who was also married to the Prophet Joseph with Emma's consent; but? ever after she was our enemy. She used every means iu her power to injure us in the eyes of The report iras unanimously choose and the meeting proceeded adopted, -- .a-pur- e. h - 1 - twelve sections- uttian meir omcers. : io vuvv-u- President; William Cutler, Vice President; Lorin Walker, Treasurer; James' M, xMonroe, Secretary; Stephen Perry, Marcellus.L. Bates,. rKTTiTAllrecl, Hllliam llrivtmuau uuu yuiici, Ivin3, were appointed a committee of vigilance. The meeting then adjourned until the next Tuesdav evening. "The next meeting was addressed by Elders Brigham Young, lleber C. Kimball and Jedediah M. Grant, whose instructions were listened to with breathless attention." After the Prophet's death, I again, entered into plural marriage. I was married to Prest. . Brigham Young according to the law: of proxy, and received my blessings in th6 Temple at Nauvoo. I had one son born in Nauvoo he her husband, and before strangers,and in consequence of lier abue, we were obliged to leave the Mansion House, and expected to leave the ' citv to L'ratifv her, but things were overruled otherwise, and we remained in jNauvoo. .ftly sister Eliza :found a home with the family of lro. Joseph Cooledge, and I went to live with Sister Sylvia Lyons.. She was a good woman, and one-othe Lord's chosen few. Emma, about this lime, gave her husband two other ""' wives Maria and Sarah Lawrence. f Earlyiin the 'spring', - of-184- and Ladies' Relief Society was or ganized. Bro. Joseph gives a short sketch of. -theTiseorlhaTjciety. He says: In the latter part of January 1843, a number 'of young people" asserablcif 'at the house of Elder II. C Kimball, who warned them against the various temptations to which youth is exposed, and gave an appointment, expressly for tho young, at the house of Elder Billings, and another meeting was held in the ensuing week at Bro. Parr's school room, which was 'filled to overflowing. Elder Kimball delivered adto study dresses, exhorting the youngs-peopland enable themselves to'give the,Scriptures a reason for the hope within them,' and to be "ready toToii the stage of action, when theirx present instructorsajid leaders had was named Et Iward Partri d ge Yo np" Hm l th . The Saints were again driven from their homes and I crossed the Mississippi Kiver about the middle of February ,1846, and was again without home or shelter, an outcast and a wan-derin the dreary wilderness, without even the necessaries pf life; Mybabe was about three months old. I was not quite twenty-twoand had been driveh, with the Saints "of God, "by mobsj four times, and all" for my religion. The weather being cold aud stormy, the camp could not progress very .fast on their jour-- ney tzzzizi-- J As the season advanced, settlements' were formed, and some of the different companies teams. stopped toaiserljros' andTeljr theTceuesfaTso to keep good company, and When we arrived at Grand Iliver our company halted until other companies came up. A keep pure and unspotted from the world. "The next meeting was appointed at my was organized, and Father Wm. house, and notwithstanding the inclemency of Huntington was appointed to preside. He the weather, it was completely filled at an died and was buried there. The place was early hour. Elder Kimball, as usual, delivered ntmed Mt. Pisgah. 'Here I joined my mother's an address, warning his hearers against giving family, and as she was going to stop, T conheed to their youthful passions, and exhorting cluded that I would rather stop, to rather, them to be obedient, and to pay strict attention than be separated from her again. The breth- to the advice and command of their parents, ren built log huts for those who were going to who were better calculated to guile the pathstay, and although, they were without door, winway of vouth than they themselves. My dow, floor, fireplace, or chimney , they did nicely; hou.e being too small, the next meeting'was for warm weather. Our shanty was in a appointed to be held in the hall over my beautiful grdve on the hill, about half a mile store. from the river' ford. We had several neighei -- gonc-be--ni- zr-r-T- T nd - fiet-tleme- ut - "I addressed the young people for some time, expressing my gratitude to Elder Kimball for having commenced this glorious work, which would be the means ol jdoing jLgreat deafot ami said the of all good men gocd, gratitude and of the youth, would follow him through life, and he would always look back upon the winter of 1843 with pleasure. "I experienced more embarrassment in standing before them than I should before kings and nobles of the earth, for I knew the crimes of . t. : i. en u! ey we e g Knew precise y how to address them,butthat my young friends were iruiltvJ ot none ol them. jiinLihRrfrtfff-f-- t r ! -- i .'., r rr , bors close by. My sisters, Eliza and Caroline," went on with the companies, and as my baby wa3 very-sicat the time it made me feel very lonesome to see them all go aud leave us, so few, alone in the wilderness. R. S., Y L. M. 1. A. r? organize themselves into a society for the re lief of the prior, and I recommended to them a poor lame English brother (Maudsley) who wanted a house built, that he might have a home amongst the Saints; that he had gathered a few materials for the purpose, but was unable to use them, and had petitioned for aid. I them to choose a committee to collect funds for their purpose and perform this charitable act as soon a3 the weather permitted. I gave them such advice as I deemed wa3 calculated to guide their conduct through life and prepare them for a glorious eternity. A meeting was appointed to carry out these suctions, at which William Cutler was chosen ad-vis- . " ed Conference of the Eel ief Society! of Box Elder Stake convenecl-in-fKTn fcn,.l, , ., . ru Jr n .Mi.. on yth-the ol Sister vuy, ungintm June, . ... . , TT onow j.presidingO On the stand narnet wpr " " present all the officers of the Stake oiiraniza tion, except the second counselor, Sister Mary 'Stark, who is and has. been, very sick for several month! Brest. Oliver Snow and Patriarch Box were also present. Sisters Hubbard. Keller. and Harner ed verhall v. a f,pr whifti, a.Pmct n c i i ivciii v. vj. kjuuw emu. ' I look j upon these organizations as a great to the Priesthood, organized by the revelaneip tion of God, hence the importance. A few years ago they were but small organizations, but now they are wonderfully extensive. " I cau also see a great improvement iu the sisters, intellectually; many of them an speak eloquently on any subject; not that I o - "v" A. REPORTS. BOX ELDER SRAKE, a,iit lvn it P. I . " V. r "w- V k Irrr- -i rrmrd pt - cnon uuviv.. - - . ' of Gou: . we hntl . ti ki ki nut it, be" Usefu 1 in tTuTk I n,n"( J to ... i 1 X t i . i nr. r. . ' manrwno nave not tnat tau nt; . but are great helps in the kingdom. hpoko of the firmness of many women; referred U and :saidpnThc)v do the pfirsccutioti ' not care anything for .our 'morality "or immorali-- tv " and showed how inconsistent tho proceed- ' ' inga are. During Prest. Snow's speaking. Sisters Eliza w Smith and J ane Kichards had" arri.vcd.- " -- w i th 1 h e 1 rain ah d ";en te r ed" "d liri n g his re marks. Sister Jane Richards felt" pleased with the remarks of Prest. Snow; "He - has given us )m nn piiam r rcrpmpnf wfi flll lilfp-tnnitp "1 co u raged once in a while, but most do not enjoy being reproved, although it willdo us good. We need to be vary humble and prayer- iui. uu nave uau peaco u luug imu x almost'feared the Lord had forgotten us, but we gee He has not, for the' Scripture says that the sen or daughter that He loves.He will chasti-o- . hence, those that are persecuted are the'i)eonle of God. n hen we feel the Spirit resting upon us, we feel reconciled to whatever the Lord will require; if we live faithful lives, full of His Spirit, ,we cannot alone calf Him Father, but we feel He is Father.'f Sp-)kvery encouragingly and instructive; alluded to. of-to-d- ay, R.-Sno- -- -- ."'" " n of-us- - -- of-Go- d persecuted, but thought we had to be thankful and reioieff that" we kre niimbprprl HivI'j M M J U ij J ,. e iln t i f u- tiAitnaiiti rirr 5iiy iniifc iu t3 a' 1 WISH IU n'n-irin- -' w W rbn?!pn npnnlp. Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith felt pleased to see such a larp--O p.oncrpo-iitinin flip vw f,luivuuvii j D O "You do and I said, not want to belon""' tolTie we to be true, to belong to want exception, those God has' confidence in. There is not one. principle God 'has revealed but what is more than mortal lives. As a people we have grown very selfish, our hearts have drawn out to the love of" the world." Spoke of her .feelings and experience at the time she embraced the Gospel, the powers of darknes3 exerted itself so strongly. Said, death, is a thousand times more acceptable than apostacy. Bro. Heber C. Kimball was called the prophet of Brigham. He said, 'There will come a day that will try every one.' So there will be fidmething that will try every one of this people." Conference adjourned till twoo'clock. Singing. Benediction by Bro. Box. Afternoon session: After the opening exercises, sisters spoke and reported their different organizations: Sister Terry Mary Grant, Mary E. Snow, Susannah Booth! . xSister Eliza R. S. Smith- - said,. "We have"" neara so manv ocrrnd hi ; "c uic come yj rj will never be exhausted. a tountain that Our religion, u a practical onenot theory alone; we are workers, and to become a good housekeeper L think is one of the greatest arts, if not the greatest Let our young girls learn to be good housekeepers, and then cultivate fn work, art and music after; bat let housekeeping, be the first consideration.";. Spoke in vcry strong language against "banged hair;" said, mc wh our young girls to look the most . eensible, he most intellectual. When I meet a young lady who is villi ncr tn tin--. U 1 see she has eome sense. To have a home it takes order; it is no ordinary, thing to mo Kuou Housekeeper, bould a mother.tlien, lfl responsioUity and care upono her-se- a throusrh svmnfltW fr r. is a cruel mother. that will do all herself to ; save her girls. A good home is the founda- : tion of a nation." Spoke-ohome industry, storing gr am for the famine and raising silk. A few individuals have 'done the best they could but the Lord never meant to accomplish .things by mdividuals, and then told to keep the Sabbath day holy. We had " better suffer persecution :than to be a "rejected ! 1C. ....x .um neara Irom others that the e -- the-followin- M ."77 