i ' T7 W THE HEART DOOR, There' Where ,; windB were etill, ead dreams of the might hate been, Dreaming d .WftBLeLthelvildren by-fath- come nnto rrie;" So, when He entered in my heart's door, Sorrow departed to come no more! " Miur Kvapp. BY KOKA. PERHYm , What silence we keep year alter year 7 With those who are near to us and dear! We live beside each other day by day And speak of myriad thing, bat seldom say The full, sweet word that lies just la oar reach Beneath the commonplace of-- common speech. Then ont of sight and out of reach they go These close, familiar, friend who loved ns bo?: And, sitting in the shadow they have kft, Alone with, loneliness, and sore bereft, rWetblnk, with rain regret, of some fond word That once we might have said," and they have heard. For weakand poor the love that we expressed Now seems beside the vast, tweet unexpressed, And slight the deeda we did to those undone, And small the service spent to treasures won, AniLandeserred Upraise forword'anoT deed" That should have overflowed the simple need, This Is the cruel cross of life, to be Full visioned only when the ministry Of death has boon fulfilled, and In the place Of some dear presence is tm'i empty space. What recollected services can then Give consolation for the might hare been? . - (Continued.) My. husband wrote: 'Wednesday, the 21st, fine day this morning, by request of Brother Kimball, ent; down to the ferry, six miles from here; found them just crossing the river. Little John Smith and myself drove up the loose cattle and arrived at the camp a little after dusk. The family all got here ' soon - "Bishop Whitney,Bro3. Woolley and Wright arrived from St. Louis on the 26th. The goods amounting to about sixty tons had to Be brought up from St. Joseph by teams. Brother Woolley returned to take the charge. Eight teams were started the 2nd day of Nov." On the Cth Horace speaks of Wm. Clayton and George Grant "returning from the village on the; other side of the river, whither they y-" went on business for the Churchr-BroTCla- ton informs me that he never saw such a swindling operation as that practised on the Indians down there they received their payments in money and were then follo wed by a gang of sharpers, who watching their opportunity,get them drunk and then gamble with them and cheat them out of all their money." Sunday, the 8th, he mentions the "Omahaws going through our settlement, their horses loaded downxwith tent poles, baggage, etc., on their way north to the Grand Hunt." Saturday, the 7th,he speaks of being engaged in roofing and sodding the house, into one room of which we moved that evening. He " Wood worth slept atmyJiouse on the floor. TatterTs The quite sick with the fever. The brethivn, for the lait two or three days, have been" in c )uncii with Bishop Miller, trying to take action on his cas3 before he goes back to the Punkav.v Jo-nig- ht m ;., r finished. On the 8th of Dec. Horace mentions being engaged "mudding up his room," his brother Orson assisting him. Thi like the majority" of the houses, was covered with sod, and the chimneys wera built of the same. Each room had one door "and a window with four Danes oi glass, oui no noor. I was rather unfortuu-ate- , firstjn having. a chimney that seldom drew the smoke, particularly when the weather was; cold enongh to need ax roaring fire in front of and then bemg prostrat- a good sized back-log- , ed frn my bed "from the 237d iJajmaryai j I aloiig in March ; it gave me the opportuni ty of cultivating the qualities of patience and calmness under new vicissitudes, from which there was no alternative, only to endure themVith as good grace a3 possible, for many of the Saints were still without a roof to cover them; " -- - - smoking period, lasting one month, when findof. abou t to s ing that p.u tumble down,they had some brick brought from the rubbish of the Old Fort of Council Bluffs, and built anew one. Thus ended our trouble from that quarter. We .had been accustomed to trials from smoke, heat, wind and dust, and many oilier tmugo ul an unjltwuul nuluic during camp life, and we took considerable pleasure in fixing up our little homes. Our floors we managed to cover with canvas or piecesofcarpeting,' which had outlived the storms and the wear and tear while journeying from the States. We made curtains serve as partitions to divide "the bedrooms, repositories, etc., from the kitchen. Most of our furniture we had made to order such as cupboards and bedsteads they being attached to the house, also tables, chairs and stool?, and an occasional rocking chair, relics of other days,-grac- ed our ingleside. I was fortunate in having one of the latter, which I had brought with me. And here I received my "setting out" in crockery ware, etc , which, though not very extensive, was deemed, quite immense for those times. Our marriage taking place just as we were about starting from the states, the presenting, of these needful articles was postponed till aMurT time, expecting, as we then did, to cross the Rocky Mountains before build-.in- g houses to inhabii. Two or three pieces I have still which I keep in memory of the various and peculiar scenes through which we have passed together; as well as the loved ones who : have passed away. .". na-tion- ." -::- --i!-i--------TT The Bishop had just returned from the country, where he had been, with others of hi company, for produce. He left for home.witli part of his company on the loth. Many of tho brethren had gone down into Missouri to work or to trade for provisions, which consisted, .mostly, of corn and bacon; the latter, with corn meal cakes,was our main subsistence during the winter. Vegetables, and many of the necessaries of life were not obtainable. Indian meal cake and - puddings wo considered " very .. - - . nice when uyed as rarites, as we were accus- tomed to bingn the eastbut" when"Ave"had" little or no change, they became somewhat nauseous, particularly to the sick and delicate. A PLEASANT GATHERING. .Editor-E- x sod-wa- Independent. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. Bishop Miller and myself went to jirjirh im s- house, which is just finished, in honor of which we spent the evening in dancing. Bro. John Kay sung a few song3 and the company had a real good "house warm but I shed many unbidden tears during the 4-h- SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT. WINTER QUARTERS. - ; ' 4- - .rfMin&i m'ote:Ui&fc '.12th, "Bro. Kimball, er w, TOO LATE after." charge of him most of the way on the journey, she loved him as though he had been her own tr.30ifet2t'2 ifpstctt until The Savior entcreb, and ebat t he door, j Arid that old pain comes to my heart no more. Did He not Ray, as He nscd to walk On the ylne-clahills of old Galilee The sweetest thing He eaid or taught 1 " 130 "We congratulate ourselves considerably upon being able to live in a house again, as we have got throughly tired of living in tents."" We continued to use our wagon as a bedroom till bring produce from the country. By this time quite a number of houses had been putip. This one contained a number of rooms, built m a row, between my father's and Bishop u miuey a main ouuuings. Une room was iised for BtorinXpBvisToniTelcTMy j&ister-in-laSarah, with-whowe had tented so lou0', occupied a room adjoining ours, though it was not yet ready for htr to move into. We lived in ours one month before it was entirely little gcaterwatered well with tearsr Selected. MAN'S EXPOJNE N T. Btys: I used to it when Indulging O inent: In honor of Prest. E. G. MacDonald on her . 54th birthday, her numerous friends inaugurated a party, which proved a perfect success in every respect, the lady not having the least idea of the surprise awaiting her. When she saw lier Quiulclle luva01ci Vy eucYi i uuiuVer, loaded down .with good things,shc accepted the situation and welcomed them with a hearty good will, which made everybody feel at home. After some pleasant conversation and a birthday address by one of the ladies of the party, supper was served, and the tables fairly groaned beneath the good things that were loaded upon them; 47 persons partook of supper, and, as it was remarked, it seemed like (he "widow's .cruse' of oil, there was still plenty when all was served. 7 ; The evening passed pleasantly away; Bro. Chas. Robison made a brief speech, expressing a wish that the dark clouds that were now hovering over. her and us might soon vanish away before the effulgent" rays of the coming day, and wished her "many happy returns of the day,'-eacone happier than the last. Sister E. G. MacDonald expressed her gratitude to the brethren and sisters for the kindly feelings that had prompted their friendly greeting. There wa but one thing to mar the pleasure of the evening, and that was the absence of her husband, who was absent on a trip through Southern Arizona," laboring for the interest of the mission, for which he isjaboring incessant ' ' TheJ a rgerliouaes-w- er egeneral ly-s- hin gled -- and had brick chimneys and puncheon floors, with a six lighted window to each room. Father's largest house contained four good sized rooni3 on the ground and two up stairs My bro. William and family lived in one room, my mother, her four little boys, three or men and two young women who had been adopted, and two of father's wives occupied the rest; the women assisting in sewing and housekeeping. My mother had been for some time in very feeble health, and her youngest child, who was so sick wilh whooping cough, when starting from Nauvoo, was taken care of byMary Ann -- Sheflhv one of father's wives who lived in the row. She, having - four-youn- : OufRelief Society is"in cood working or der, as are also the different associations. Our social-partiSociety Hall is so far. completed that and entertainments are being held in it. Although dark clouds seem" to be gathericg, and the prospecls ara that we shali have our shareof persecution; si ill there is a deep abiding faith with the people that the Lord lives andrules and will overrule every thing for the best if we obey His laws in every respect. God bless you and all connected with the and Exponent, which i3 carrying gratification conis the pleasure into so many households, stant prayer ofr your friend and sister in the S. A. P. Gospel, Mesa City, Arizona. es 