the land, they have subdued the desert and made J This jjrayer is best God bless and make you wise, tnouj who comes rattling along Jrom the rustling - bough it desirable, and unprincipled raenroffice seekers 1 could telHrf hir birth, for Jrewas never Your great reward he lhat which dies, as old as the big round earth. The acorn, abashed ana nangers-o- n iook wnn jeaious eyes upcm usiair . Of all things good: thrice welcome, brave, kind friend. and mute at this rude rebuff, sank in the dust, and land, and desire it for an inheniance,and its public onsets to dispese of among themselves, and .Mrs. Lockwood replied briefly to the cordial in quietude lay 'thinking, of course, what her des they hareresolved to take possession by whatever welcome extended to her and said she had simply tiny would be In snar of tim a tinv snrnur srmnt forth inH means they can make available. done her duty in speaking in defense of the women Who can say that the flag has ever been dis of Utah. Brief speeches of welcome were made then a blade appeared, which forced a stem; it honored by floating at half mast? Do not- - air by Mrs. -- Phebe W. . Woodruff, Mrs.; Emily H. s -- Americans arrexpression of public "Woodmansee and Mrs. M. I. Home; also by A. . the honorable pebble, whose age is so great, and a grief? Did the Confederates float the flag at half Miner sq.lTfter which th e .conversation wa&. kindred also of "After a space of time the tree blooms and bears aitieff 'Statr-aiii- d' Shf-xlditiiHhrl- i genWa1an5anThour or two was spent very pleas' fruit: this also drops from its branches, and the sought to make war upon their country? No: iantly. y they unfurled a flag to the bfeezjjhat showed at lreejragalrrje Tnto"a platform of the theatre, and was introduced to the. after meeting with such a loss, and shades the conflict. But those who are so anxiously seeking L audience bv the Hon. Tohn T. Caine with a few for an excuse to iustifv the abuse of the "Mor appropriate words, announcing, amonz other appear again; although the bloom is scattered to the four winds, still thecalyx holds the germ, so mons" will wait long before they see the dear old . notable events in her life, that she was the only woman who had ever been nominated for Pr$si- - that nothing is" lost which is of worth to the fruit. flag, of which all true American patriots are so . . : . u : u . .. ; i i 1 dent of the United States, The subiect of her i:;,v..,-proud, and love with such intensity, dishonored. tuia hjjh nc sec luc ilAUU itn iug mt. uujCl,h ill a:. e Too many forefethers of this people bled ofan allwlse Providence governing ail His works, lecture was,"Socialand Political Life in Washing "antfdied for lharinependencTwMchthe stars snd and we readily understand the meaning of the ton," and it was given to audience, stripes are a siginificant of, and they know what almost entirclyMormon." Without exception it revelation given to the Prophet Joseph Smith, the feeling of genuine love of country is, and feel was the finest lecture we have ever heard given by saying, "TheJLord is angry with none, excepting it too deeply to make light of any, of its symbols. those who willnot acknowledge His " hand, in all a womanv She seemed to have touched.in writing ' v v. ,'x things.'1 it, every point pertaining to her subject, and made we and Thus contempIatVthe purposes designs each one effective. V MRS. LOCKWOOD'S VISIT. of an wise all are for the whose all decrees Parent, " On Tuesday she went to Provo, where 'she lectured in the evening. The following day to good of His erring children, and; we learn by exOn Monday, the 6th inst., Mrs. Belva A. Lock-woo- d perience how just and true He requires us to be. Ogden, speaking there to a full house, and on arrived in Salt Lake City, and an informal When in possession of His Holy Spirit we can Thursday to Logan, returning to this city on Friwas at her understand how the Lord blesses those whbke reception, hurriedly arranged, 4 given day, and spoke again in the theatre. Her lecture p.m., at the residence of F. S. Richards Esq., in was which she the acorn, are humble and reflect and wait : thev entitled, "Women of this city. Mrs.-- ' Richards' parlor was well filled, will become acquainted with self and learn their handled : in a very able and interesting manner. and after the formal presentation of the ladies.to own abilities, and also learn that thev have a After the lecture. wasover. Hon Mrs. Lockwood, by rMrsTHrTT announced that all who wished to be introduced to tiny to fill, after they learn this lesson perfectly, King spoke a few wards of welcomeand read the Mrs. Lockwood which the pebble could never fiil,although so hard might have that pleasure by domfollowing ing forward to the platform; quite a number of and inflexible; and again, the rock can fill a place " IMPROMPTU. ladies and gentlemen availed themselves of the while the oak cannot. Why be proud ? buremem-be- r that all are to fill their own sphere, as the On meeting Mrs. Belva A. Lockwood. opportunity, and were presented to her by Mr. Bible teaches. There are vessels of honor and Caine, who did the honors of the occasion very Hail lady! friend of human kind, handsomely. On Saturday morning Mrs. Lock-woo- d vessels of dishonor. Let everything have its own We greet you, heart and soul and mind! left Salt Lake City for Evanston, where she place and all wjll be useful in our Father's KingWe lay bright tributes at your feet L dom. was expected to speak the same evening. Your advent here we warmly greet. . One thing is certain, great blessings await the We sincerely regret that Mrs; Lockwood had -Lady, accept our hand and heart, human not the time to remain here long enough to see and I family ifthey will listen and obey the voice Your name to us doth love impart; trnnrl ShenliprH uKrt- aiA in the of TAn,' hear a little more of the social and political life of Friend of the oppress'd we deem you one-T- hen How I oft would have gathered you together uiau anu me ".iormons," out sfte may come welcome to our mountain home. as a hen her chickens under her wings, gathereth again. As it is she has received favorable impresMrs. Lula Greene Richards read, but would not. ye sions, and has been entertained by those who Behold, your house is left unto would spare no pains to make her visit a A WELCOME. M., E.K. pleasant you desolate.;' and 1885. In one. July 1st, this city she was the agreeable To Mrs. Relvi J. T vi. in r v 11 lung LuKC honored of F. S. Richards Esq., and. of guest City. Written in behalf of the SOME FACTS PLAINLY SET FORTH. Hon. T. Caine. At Provo John she was the guest Ladies of Utah. : 1: of Hon. W N. Dusenberry, and in Ogden, of ot to a princess born, yet stranger Occasionally I meet with those who claim to be guest, F D. in and Apostle Latter-dashe was Richards, Log;an Could we a welcome so sincere extend, Saints that are in doubt about the entertained at home the of Moses As unto tree, thou champion of the Apostle principle of plural marriage being the revealed oppress'd Thatcher. Wrk tarn wvmTu t will of God to His Saints in this cci ujcc as a Kina, crave inend. dispensation, yet Of Mrs. Lockwood it may well be said she is a verily believe in celestial marriage, and exWe've given hospitality to some hey woman among women ; she is remarkable in many Who smiled upon us, and thn turned pect to be exalted in the new and everlasting away, is an She, respects. indefatigable and untiring covenant. How they7 can believe in the one and And, when they might speak-we- tl of us, are dumb; worker lor the elevation of her sex, and the good But evil things they find enoughto not in the other is a mystery to me, when they are say. of humanity. both contained in the same revelation. Yet we've no fear of this in greeting ybu Mrs. Lockwood is famous enough to have drawn Those who doubt the authenticity of plural And wish your stay with us might be prolonged; a much and the larger audience, certainly For you have said good things, when young marriage, use for one of their strongest argnments you but knew ladies should have come out to see and hear her. We were a people vilified and against it, a portion of the second chapter of wronged. It is not only a mistake on their part, but they Jacob, in the Book of Mormon, claiming that he We're grateful that you come to us and Dause have missed hearing-- very distinguished woman spoke against it, and that' if it was not right then That we may hear your voice and see your face, Should Mrs. Lockwood ever visit Salt it s not xspeakr And tell you, that when you have right now. I have frequently and careplead our cause, we Lakeagain, hope she may have the house well We've blest your name before the throne of fully read the passage referred to, and invariably grace. .' filled with young people. They are the ones who fail to find one word of condemnation of plural This fact may seem to you but little weight, . to have Qught heard her certainly marriage in it, when it is entered into according to " Your inner soul it or -- --N- one -- a- - - know-thaHH- . rthe?rm. - - . r -- -- oncthe--antagonismthat"ripehed . ; . 1 1 1 of-th- ve t ; ; ; To-day- ," Tohn-T,?Cai- Mrs-Rich- ne ards; " -- . - - y ' --mm , a may, may not touch; But to th' true "Mormon" woman it is great, No worldly compensation counts so mnch. , A SIMILITUDE. . And though, it seems that "Mormon" prayer And faith holds naught in this world's ' large events, They gain us grace to bear and to forebear. Ana help us to proceed with calm, cool sense. to-da- y, Our God is with us; and, dear lady, knoy That in our heart-fe- lt welcoming to you, " Whatever honor we can hope to show, Whatever good we may delight to do. the law of the Lord.- He was not reproving the Nephites for having more wives than one, but because they "excused themselves in committing whoredoms, because of the things which were written concerning David, and Solomon his son." , Whoredom is a sin which has been condemned from the beginning, but nowhere do we find in holy writ anything condemnatory of lawful plural marriage, but much to show that it was in many instances justified by ' the Lord. THE" PEBBLE AND THE. ACORN. Jn looking at the circumstances by which we are surrounded I 'often think of the fable of the pebble and the acorn, believing there is quite a similarity in our case at the Dresent time. You will remember the eloquent speech of the to-da- y, e, saying, "I am a pebble, but - whom art : . , 