WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ..--'Saints been ta'ncht. all .the the daily record 61 Wa; conduct has furnished It. Thank God Latter-da- y to their duties, tfreat will bere in this least if so at far T day long thlt, persecution, saeir reward,- - If we desire the pros that, nave sioou u a.Ithful and endure to the end, tiWA HorrecUr e improvement of perity of Zion, we will carefully guard tfi as large a propor-io- a vil; 5. test, withoufliching or cowering, as must "live their reli iou oy Keeping morals, the uprooting of vice, the re and train our youu?. Thev come to from ,the Lord. By proper Jesus in 'Ilia paratte of theten virgins, every commandment, of God? Have press ;ri me- - were -- intimated would 1 ready to; meet the they notzeenz.continually Warned of the objects which animate those who training we can make them for good. But, Superin.Bridegroom at His coming. Their the fate which awaited them if they seek to destroy society in these moun names will be held in everlasting committed sin? Can adulterers, for- tains, thenwe could say In the language tendents and Teachers of Primary As-- " honor in time and eternity, not only as nicators, liars, . thieves, drunkards, of the $ayior: "Thou thyself behold-e- st sociationsandSundav Schools, and not the beam that isdn thine own Presidents of Y'oung Men and Young martyrs' for religious truth, but as Sabbath-breakerblasphemers, or dinners of any kind endure the eye Thou Hypocrite, first cast out the Soof religious liberty. trials which Saints beam remember of God own out must thine and that then 'will cieties, eye; this, principle pass ' to stand? f shalt thou see clearly to cast out the never bless an unvirtuous people, and Truthsrsuch as God has revealed in through .and expect while a Hood. tide of corruption, dethese days, are not establised without If there are. any who enter- mote out of tUy brother's eye." We speak to you, a people wjio have structive of all true morality and virsuffering and sacrifice on the part of tain such a hope, they deceive themthose who espouse and advocate them. selves. Upon these sins God has pro- traveled and mingled much In society tue, is sweeping over the land, we It was for these truths that' we were nounced Judgment. No man or woman all over the world. You are not zr must erect barrier to stop its condriven time and again from our homes, who is guilty of any of these trans- norant. of the world, its ways or its taminating influence. You have the and were Anally compelled to, seek ref- gressions of God's law can stand and corruptions. You- know, therefore, young in yourcharge. Teach and im- -. uge in this mountain country, then retain His Spirit. They must repent how great is the beam that is in the press upon them "by every means iu known as the American desert. And of ihem and put them "far from them, eyes of those who reprove us for. the your power how dreadful a sin is now again we are menaced with ruin; or they will be 'left in darkness, and mote they imagine they perceive, in our They are taught to shrink and for what? Whom have we injured? misery will be their doom. The Lord eye. We know that from the household in horror from murder; but thev Upon whose rights have we trespassed? will nol be mocked. He wilt not bear ofevery faithful Latter-da- y Saint daily should be taught to shrink with, abIt can-b- e trutnluilrsatdrtavenot the horrence from the next great" sin to injured or trespassed upon any. Have spewed out. If ail who call themselves God of heaven for naving shown them shedding blood, and that is unchastity . we not, under the blessing of the Lord, Latter-da- y Saints were true and faith- how to escape from the Irightliil evils lromthe Liders who are abroad in our own and iu other lands we hear changed these barren "valleys into ful to their God, to His holy covenants under.which society groans in fruitful fields and gardens? Have we and laws, and were living as Saints civilized lands. Nevertheless, we will generally favorable reports.- They have not established and. maintained good should, persecution would roll off not iudulge in recrimination. We sin- much to contend with. The world is and cheap government in every place from us without disturbing us in the cerely mourn over ttne existence of the waxing worse and worse. ' Iniquity which we have settled? Has not every least. But it is paiutul to know that dreadful sins which are "permitted to abounds. Men's hearts are hardened man who Came into our borders and this is not their condition. There are flourish and to spread with unblushing against the truth, and the nations are behaved himself been safe in his prop- - secret abominations practiced by those front through the land. As a people fast being prepared for the judgments erty, person and religion? Have not who are called Saiuls, which the trals we have lifted our voices in warning which the Lord has said He will pour peace and good order been the fruits of we are now passing through will repeal against these sins and against tlrose out in the last days. The Elders are our presence? To all these we can an i n a m an n e r xte rr i bi e to t h e myx) pen .who practice them.- - We shall still con- required to carry the message which'. swer in the a(!irmativerHave we en sins are also 'winked at and condoned tinue to do so. If in return for all this God has sent to mankind to every nation and to warn them, not in anger or (leavorea to iorce our doctrines or by Presidents, Bishops, Teachers and we are treated with violence and a n vo n e r a a i ha vewe God 10 maunerUlfensive is ntMnoret a incMut4nieeknessndr4iumili toirparexitsin praciicesupo was before us. We may rest ity, that they may.liee from the wrath any manner threatened the peace of our and grievous to man. Proper care and neighbors or of the nation.--' We. cer- vigilance are not exercised to keep assured that the predictions concerning to come. To them we sav, Be pure in warus and stakes cleansed from In- the calamities and judgments which are all your thoughts, words and acts. tainly havenot. Respecting the doctrine of celestial iquity and to have, transgressors dealt about to fall upon the wickeaVthe un- Keep yourselves unspotted from every marriage, we could not, however much with. The iunocent are thus made to believing and the unrepentant will all evil. Avoid all vulgarity of act and we might be disposed to do so, teach it suffer with the guilty for the Lord has be fulfilled, as will every, word and expression. Pdt away jail your lights to or enforce it upon, others not of our commanded that the inhabitants of promise which the Lord has spoken to speeches and be sober men of God, liith, without violating a command of Zion must purge themselves from in- us. But, while we warn others, let us filled with the Holy Ghost and the God. We do not stand in the attitude iquity, folly, covetousness and vanity, not forget, ourselves, or our families.-Le- power of your Priesthood. of propagandists of polygamy. us look well to our own lives and We and listen to and obey His laws, or they To the Twelve Apostles and their never have believed or taught that the cannot have His protection. He has the conduct and lives of those wtio be- Counselors we say: Remember the of celestial marriaire was de- - also said that if. His people will obey long to our households. If "we keep weight of your high calling in Christ doctrine . r signeaj lor universal practice. The His laws and keep His commandments, ourselves unspotted from sin, rest as- Jesus. Iou are called to be His Lord has made this clear, and recent to do them, not in name only, but iu sured the Lord will never foriret or special witnesses in all the world, to " '. events among us hve also made it reality, He will be their shield and pro forsake us. bear testimony that He lives and clear. - "Strait is the gate," says Je- tector ana strong tower, ana no man Upon Presidents of Stakes, Bishops reigns on high, to see that the Gospel sus, "and narrow the way that leadethx will be able to hurt them, for He will and other leading officers great respon- is preached to all the inhabitants of the tints thn nvii It.i ( nni be their defense. These trials of our sibility rests;. They are placed as earth, and that the earth is prepared the lives, aad few there be that find it." laith and constancy which we are now shepherds over the flock of Christ. If by suitable warning for the coming of There appears to be a fallacious idea passing throusrh will be overruled lor through any neglect of theirs the flock the Son of Man. How great and abroad regarding this doctrine.: It our good and future prosperity. In is injured or destroyed, the blood of is your calling. It may be has been asserted that there was days to come we.shall be able to look those souls will be found upon their said that the souls of a world are ena design to propagate it outside back and perceive with .clearness how garments. The Melchizedek and Aaron-i- c trusted to you." Through your labors of our community, and thus inPriesthoods confer great and and testimony, either in person or visibly God's providence is in all that troduce into the United States an we now witness. Let us do all in our authority upon man; they power lift man through other chosen messengers element opposed to the Christian power to so live before the Lord that nearer to God and make him His repre- whose labors you direct, the, Inhabiviews of this and other nations. On if we are persecuted, it shall not be for sentative. But woe-tIs the men who tants of the earthr will be the contrary, our Elders have been in- wrong doing, but for righteousness. use their Priesthood for base purposes. there any law of God, then,judged. which you structed not to introduce the practise At the present time we may very and fail to use it for God's glorv-and- 4 should neglect, is there any degree" of of that principleany where outside of. pertinently inquirer" Why are the peo- the salvation of His children. Far purity which you should not reach, is the gathering place of the Saints; and ple of these mountains treated as we better for them if they had never re- - there any sacrifice which you should -not be willing to make? Can men ' they .do not preafeh it abroad to any now are? Where in this broad laud is ceived it. extent even in theory, except on occa- the vir'.ue of women so amply guarded We Jiave been commanded of the with such a calliug as yours be other sions when it is cafled for, or when or so jealously protected as here? No Lord to set our households in order. than holy and yet please our God? they are assailed on account of It. At cry of hungry, naked or outraged hu- Auostles, Presidents- of Stakes and Who among you can neglect the duties such times they respond ry defending manity has ever ascended to heaven Bishops, have you done this with your of your high calling to devote time aud it as a doctrine of the Bible and not in- from our borders againstthe men whom own households? Have you also seen care to the world and its pursuits? consistent with the laws of nature. It the courts are now so busy in sending that the Saints have done the same? We say to yoiiJnjjlrntlindsQlemjiU Should also he understood that. t.ha J:Qprltiul-trPMfein.iriTii?jrtd- g Have you impressed upon the people ty that no one of vou can'do this with practice is not generally "admissible There. was a time in these mountain under your charge the absolute neces- out displeasing your God and endaneven among the Latter-da- y . Saints. It when adulter)', fornication, whoredom sity of purity if they desire the blessing gering your salvation. n sincuy guarueu, tne intention oeing ana illegitimacy were almost unknown, and- - protection of the Most High? To the Saints we say that President to allow only those who are above re- - A woman was as safe from insult in Wolves never watched with greater Woodruff, at our last accounts, was in. proach to enter into the relationship, traversing over our streets and high-Th- e cunning and more ravenous hunger a good health and spirits notwithstand flock of sneepand lambs than the people ing his advanced-age- , and as full of practice of the doctrine is not lor I ways as if she were under her faith as ever. beyond the Church, and is band's or father's roof. Marriage was of your Wards and Stakes are now beeven limited within its pale. The idea, encouraged, vice was repressed. President Joseph . Smith, our feling watched by those who are ready to menis a men were e to free low form laborer Are connections them. devour to plural marriage First Presidency, this you awake ace to the "eneral monoiramous hvs- - with tho nnnnsit.fi sfv to snif, t.hp.m. danger, and do you take not with is actively us, though every precautem is without foundation. This fallacy selves, so long as those connections tion against it? in the ministry and rejoicing is iurtner cxhioited bv the fact of the were sanctified by marriage. But what Parents, are you full of fidelity greatly in the work of God. He is as re- - a change we now toehold! with which it is A popular tide of antipathy yourselves to every principle, of god- ardent,. as devoted and as persever I'll Hiirl n.nnli. V.xt .Irlr. 4 evil us. around UUl It .to Ul threatens uuwiuc surges tUUltll liness, and do you surround your sons ins as ever, w ere he here, fits name, ptufii: exhibiting a disposition the reverse of J overwhelm us and to reduce us to ruin, and daughters with every safeguard to without doubt, would appear with favorable to its establishment in other The vice are opened shield them from the arts of the vile? ours to this epistle. communities, making the extension of upon us, and not content with the rush Do you. teach them, that chastity In Notwithstanding all that we are now of this filthy stream into our cities and both man and woman should be more passing through, our hearts , are. filled thertnorejbeing strict believers in free- j settlements, those who hate highly esteemed than life itself? Or do with joy and peace. We can truly say, I will, you Latter-da- y Saints know that ao more, iney would invade our you leave them in their ignorance and Hosanuah to God in the highest. We no man or wpman has ever been cooverthrown dwellings; they would destroy our inexperience to mix with anysocietv know that Zion erced into obligations of that kind, families ;k thev would loosen every they may choose, at any hour that may or be made desolate. Every promise much less would we desire to enforce bond which. has held society together; oe convenient to them, and to.be ex- made concerning Zion by the Almighty it upon any other class of people. they would array wife against husband, : posed to the wiles of the seducer and will be fulfilled. rTheonly thingwhicn child against pareut, friend against the corrupt? These are questions you ever disturbs our serenity is the report now taking place we recognize and ac- friend; thev would make every manr will all have to answer either to by those who are called your of wrong-doin- g knowledge the hand of God. There is a woman and ennd a spy, an informer shame and condemnation or to your Latter-da- y Saints. wise .purpose in it all which He will and a betrayer; they would sap the joy and eternal happiness. Know this, . Praying that God will bless and prejet more fully make plaiu to us. One foundation of faith, confidence and that God, in giviug us the precious serve you and lead you in the path of iteosseSfitid1-that?o- u may-a- i thing is clear the Saints are tried honor and make every one djstm m a mannerlnevexbeforfr-iinownfcl-being to tor us a suitaoie return. VIA LV1 ievur3'rouf!it irtm together In the accomplishreceiving operate uuu us. me laithlui- rejoice and ruin inLden than those enemies of ours them we arc placed underByobligations. ment of the purposes of God and the are steadfast; the unfaithful fear and would work in our midst if we would If these are not esdischarged, condemna- purification of His Church and the retremble. Those who have oil In their listen to their blandishments or be tion inevitably follows tablishment of His Kingdom, we lamps and have kept them trimmed f frightened by their threats And is all We hear favorable-account- s of the main, with much love, uu wuruing now have a light for their this havoc to be Wrought beaause of action of Iifc Your friends and Primary Associations, Sun not 'stumble the New or wickedness? ten our and Everlasting Covenant, thousand day Schools, Young Men's and Young No; Jeetandtheydo those who have neither light nor oilfall; NO. Let those who are so loud Women's MutuaUmprovement-Asso-ciation- s are John Taylor, times, m perplexity anddoubtin persein usrsonactive and These Relief Societies. Geokgk Q. Caxxox, denouncing not what to do. Is not this the fulfilOf the First Presidency of the Church of look around them. Are organizations have unlimited opportucuting u, ment of the word of God and the teach-ing- s there "no people but the "Mormons" to nities of Saints. Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y good. If those who of ills servants? Have vo the regenerate and purge from sin? Read have them doing Salt Lake City, October (Jth, 1W" in charge are faithful In at- i . - ,tbeyvouUi-teraaiif-iyirbe-JcT- JvtiiV ; us-pu- re 1 mighty-Instrument- s s, .women's-Associationsaxtaniel- ief ; - uu-chast- ity. so-call- ed - . hrit n-- 1 mi-Mast- er . t . . . k all-impor- . - i hus-extensi- on zc-alau- hat in-th- era-ploy- ed j flood-gates.-- of , j us-woul- d will-notb- M e 1 - fellow-labore- rs - - they-kno- w 