77 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A GOOD God TESTIMONY, S, Y. L. R. cannot hope to say anything without Spirit to guide me in every word It is'indeed a trying time, not for one "alone, but all who are determined to serve God and resist inducements of that wicked one, who dories in the downfall of the Saints. Some of our dear husbands are far away in lonely prisons, and many weary months must pass ere we clasp their dear hands in our own again. Others are nearer, but, like them,are deprived of liberty be- - , weakest; I the-wil- ' ..' a . . . i . i a c t. ;i; - ; ourae men are inunieu to wou. anu to.' xi. xainuiesr. from place to place as a hound chases down the wild beast. Noble men have placed the stormy .1 . ocean between them anjd their persecutors, that they might accomplish some good, while their families are scattered far and wide, and to such wives it is a daily trial not to be near each other, to comfort, console and bless each other in the ' "' v absence of their trusted guide.'. My dear sisters, if we are faith fnLwe need not fear for the 5nal outcome, but it is our duty to do all we can to smoothe the rough places and catch all the bright gleams of sunshine as we pass along wa). How my heart aches for every lovinir wife, who is thus cruellv deDrived patient, of the society of him she holds dearer than all others, and it is but natural that her 'heart should cling to him, and that it should be lonely and desolate Where he is not. It is his voice that can quiet her fears, his hand that can soothe her ach ing head, and though father mother,.sisters and brothers all are near, none, none can fill his place to her ; and if perchance, she- is a wife that the law fails to recognize, her claims are just the same in the eyes of God and just men, and shame upon those who would boast a superior position, or try to make her feel more keenly her trying one. She must not think for a moment that she is less be- - ' V , Violet Owens ' - and if those who seem more fortunate are possessed of a proper spirit they will lovingly remember the absent one, and encourage the husband to do all he can for the happiness of all who have an equal claim on him. But we must each remember a uui) m- - pcnorni - wnerever our lot may be cast. vWmust4e mblerafldeelrGod-ctmtiniially-orJive!wilbiall4)y-th- wayside. e Selfrfghteousness must have no place in our hearts. We must not forget that We are not the only one who is being tried at the present time.and how often we increase our weary load by complaining against those who are doing all they can for us. does not enhance our peace of mind, and it invariably disturbs that of those we most desire to promote. If we wish to be loved and trusted, then let us love and trrist in return, and be sure that the best and truest way of pure happiness is ,to suffer wrbng rather than do wrong, and we cannot prove our affection in a stronger way than by .willingly, and patiently bearing for the sake of those we claim to regard so highly. The day seems dark, and the sky full of black clouds, but after a while they will clear away, and then how we will have learned to appreciate sun, which has, so long been hid. Our Father has not- forgotten us, He witnesses our M1 flnill? cnri-visnirTcwtuu us accoiuin; 10 our faithfulness and perseverance and the faith we show. We have every reason to rejoice in the principles we have solemnly vowed to defend ;and better a thousand times that we perish in trying to live, thaa to deny one principle and lose our soul's salvation eternally. Fault-findin- g the-beautif- . - u 3 . 1 --4 ul M. 1. A. P. A. REPORTS. SAN JUAN STAlCK.f of t he serrrwin n u a co n fe r c n ce of the Relief Society of the San Juan 8take,held M i n it tts 1 ' , at Bluff; September 21st, 188-3- Prest. Jane M. Walton presiding. Present on jhc stand, with the officers of the Relief Society, was Sister Slade of Burnham Ward, Stake Counselor Wm. flails, Bishop Nielson and Counselors and Bishop Burnham from Burnham Ward. After the usual opening exercises, the statistical and financial reports of the several branches were readaiso a letter from Sister E. R. S. because, I consider tliese conferences' of sma.U importance, t)iit rather otherwise, and thought . were more ca)ablc of counselthat the eoch' other, being better ing acquainted with;the different vicissitudes each one had to pass through. It has often been said that these organizations are a great help to tha Priesthood, and I am well convinced thereof. There, is one thing sure and certain. the Jord delights in n is servants and in ms handmaidens who wish to learn concerning His will. The more time we spend in meeting, the less time 'we have to contend with the' 'other influences that surround us every day." his appreciation of Encouraged the work of the sisters. "The trials that we are passing through at the present .'day are such as should cause every one"to reflect our young men, our brethren and sisters, it is true that this, life is short, it is true that we should look more to our spiritual affairs than to our temporal. We may do many things that are wrong and think it' is right, through' our weakness, this we will be forgiven; but if we will not we ersistrand da willfully-wron- g, isro. i5ox spoue very lenginy 'iven. and with warm inspiration, and dwelt a great deal On the power of a mother s influence over her children. Related an. example of a man, good and true, who went many miles aay preaching the Gospel, lie had a very unwise wife, and their children are now. the bitterest enemies to the Church, and of another man who apostatized, but his wife was firm and true, and taught her children pure and correct principle;; her children are true and staunch , sis-ter- ing -- Smith was read and much appreciated. . ' The brethren and sisters who spoke were filled with the good spirit, and bore faithful testimonies to the truth, of Mormohism. Bro. Wm. Halls spoke - on the sphere of woman, and felt thankful for this organization. Bishop Burnham exhorted us all to reruem-- i bcr the good nstr u etions we nad recei ved, am I felt to bless all good people. Prest. Jane M. Walton made a few appropri ate remarks, and conference was then adjourned until March, 1880. Singing. Benediction by Bishop JNielson. M. Walton, Stake Prest., Ida R Nielsox, Secretary pro tem. . . - a rr-ho- w . the-ancie- fcnow. Sister Hubbard, President of the Relief Society of Willard City, reported verbally, and said, "We should put every good desire into practice; many- - of us thin k wo have ha rd times, dui as we progres3 we shall have all we d 1.1 1 EOX ELDER STAKE. The twenty-sixt- h quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Box Elder Stake was held, in the Tabernacle in Brigham city, on the 8th of 'September, commencing at 10 a.m. After singing, prayer was offered by Coun. Susannah P. Booth. Minutes read "and ac cepted. Prest. Harriet Snow said she felt thankful that she had the privilege of being present; thankful that so many enjoyed the same privi lege; encouraged the sisters to attend these meetings. Spoke of the necessity of the secre taries making the reports correetlv. The various reports were then read by the secretary, Mary h. Snow, also the Resolutions of Respect to our departed sister; Mary Stark, were read by Emilia D. Madsen, and accepted by the assembly unanimously Bishop Tingey had enjoyed himself greatly. py attending tne lauies conference; had won- dered at so few being present. Related a cir- cumstanee in the life of the Prophet Joseph ' . ' i iin . t i i anu1 iaviu now tne wnumer, snowing sisters who attend meeting will gain the blessing and spirit oi tne luora, instead pi tuose who neglect to come. Said, "Your work and care? will be lightened by coming together - and gathering strength." Compared jthe persecution ot the present day with the Hook of Mormon Saintg passed throughsevere- trials, baid, "We must be faithful, you and I. Why should we be faithful? That the bless ings of God may be poured out upon us." ' Spokeof coming times, and fervently praised the goodness of God. 7 Prest. Snow wished the sisters to be punctual in the afternoon. Announced the Primary Fair; would ! ?pen at noon. Singing, "0 give me back my Prophet dear." Benediction x by Bishop Tin gey. Afternoon session: Singing, Prayer by Sister J:Harriet.HunsakerJ-.jrhR.iA?iiIpnsea- i report was read by the secretary, Mary E. and-expresse- -- 1 Jane s and-instruct- . -- j-aijvry-ixiiu tfyf Sister, w can bear. Uur Heavenly rattier is constantly watching over us, hence we should try to Jive so that we may" always have His Spirit with us." Said rnany good things hi her gantle,' .peaceful way. Prayed the Lonl to bless us all. Miss .Fannie Graehl, Treasurer of the btake, read. the account of the treasury. President E. A" Box: "1 have resolved that 1 should spend one half day at least at this ' have felt so often of late that I would like to write something to encourage my sorely tneci 'sisters, and a.vl am one with them, and one of the I . and comfort ail "the faithful, is the Ui.? Editor 'Exponent:' . b"les"s to-da- - '. v. . Bishop Jensen, from Bear River City,, endorsed what had been sai(J77fThere is a great deal of work for the mothers." Spoke of the sigu3 of the times, and highly appreciated the good accomplished by the Relief Society. Prest- Harriet Snow: "We want to learn to do e our duty properly;we want to understand want to work in harmony with thePriest hood, not to use an influence against them. jvorkg. EneonragetHhe Sister Olivia Widerborg: "I earnestly ask an interest in your faith and prayers. I feel to live ray religion. Let us try to the end of. the journey of life to live so thatwe may enter into the presence of our Heavenly Father." Sister Susannah P. Booth: "I never had more determination to try and live my religion than at the present time." Spoke of the many. duties- - there are for us to fulfill as mothers, as members of the Relief Society and a$ Latter- day Saints. Prest. E. A. Box stated ..that it was necessary that Prest. Harriet Snow should have a hew counselor, and Sister Olivia Widerborg had been selected. . Sister Harriet Hunsaker, Prest. of Honey-- . ville Relief Society, reported verbally. Said, "I feel an interest in living my religion; let us pray tiiut wo. may be able to keep, the com mandments of the Lord." "Kni er. rres - oi- m antna his oeietvrr J ' be with to felt one and happy ported verbally, Latter-day Saints. the Prest. H. Snow made closing remarks, and adjourned conference for three moriths. Sing ing. Benediction by Bishop Tingey. Emilia D. Madsen, Cor. Sec. - princi--ples;w- sisters-in-their-go- -- od - t . ' , . 