WOMAN'S EXPONENT. an4 edgt usof usinsr her best efforts to impart correct ideas to others, and we sincerely hope she will meet with persecuted- nation. hey were a powerful majority in state and religion and thought the minority could not cope withlhem, the poor- meek, simple Gentiles, not worthy to enter their sanctums of worship, or eat with them at table.-BuJohn the Baptist came, wilderness, "Kepeni ye, ior me tfjiug ifom-xn- e .Kingdom of God is at hand." And the meek and - 1 l.:!. liberal "patronage from the Saints. - - t for sake; Yes we are persecuted e from established man-mad- -- for al Mrs. --E B Wells subjects and referred especially to self-- . control or the government o( one's temper and passions. Thought it was a thing we should all observe and seek to improve in and that it would &vt ufz$A$i&tze&s mothers in our own homes.7 Made oTner good suggestions." Mrs. Julia Howe addressed the meeting for a short time and alluded also-to-tnecessity of of her. in feelings, spoke regard to those who are suffering for the sake of principle, made-some-rem- arks shc-i&-desiro- . lowly Jesus made!himselfthe friend of these out- daring to dissent cast Gentiles, whom the Jews called sinners which laws and the opinion was a greal offence to those learned Rabbis, upon-gener- he -- self-contro- l, ndra-Saviororn-of rule contaminates, and makes the lives of its votaries corrupt it is high time to awake to a sense of the condition of society and set our faces like flint against prevailing evil that will lead the soul down to dissolution arid death. i'eryltterayaintinauovesvirtueana rectitude has stepped out of the broad high-wainto the narrow path that leads unto eternal life, and so wide apart are these two ways they can never blend together. The one leads to destruction and dissolution, while the other is progress ive, onward and upward. The higher grade that leads to that immortal shore, where the ship of Zion anchors safely. If we can count the num ber of sands upon the sea shore, or when we raise pur eyes and gaze into the starry sky and behold with ,wcnder and amazement its organized magnitude; we are lost inThought and eJcclaim, neither can we conceive nor number the multitude of beings that will increase worlds without end, sons and daughters of these noble men and women who have dared to differ in their religious" convictions,who have entered into the Patriarchal order of marriage that reaches within the vail, like an anchor to the soul, sure and steadfast. They have made an eternal covenant with their God. To" continue the lives as did the Patriarchs of old. To perpetuate a righteous seed that cannot be numbered for multitude, whose souls are lit up with fire of revelation. The true sons' and daughters of God, born unthe der new and coveeverlasting nant of God, the only covenant that He acknowledges. This law of marriage binds stronger than death. The ceremony is performed for time and all eternity, and binds the husband to his wives in the resurrection and the .children to their parents. This is the binding law spoken of in Malachi last chapter. To bind the hearts of the parents to their childrenand the children to the parents. Moses held this law and married the children of Israel by it and there were very strict statutes and judgments pertaining to this higher law of marriage. They were not to mingle with any other people, that God did not acknowledge they (the Priests) were forbidden to marry a divorced woman. The husband and wife should be of the same faith and blood of their progenitors, and abstain irom all social evils. Time is fleeting and the Lord will cut His work y short in righteousness. Mat. 3rd chap. "Behold I will send mymesenger and he shall prepare the way before me; aud the m ye seek, shall suddenly come, to His even the messenger ' of the covenant Temple we delight in, He shall come saith the Lord of Lord,-who- suit to their dignity. Therefore they spurned offers of salvation at tlfe hands of mercy, and their pride and rebellion laid them low in power. They fought against a kind and merciful God, killed His prophets that were sent unto them tto I r- ' i - - . ' . simple-minde- -- hosts." Here are two individuals spoken of. The Lord M.A.Pratt.. August 12. will come to His. temple, and the messenger that prepared the way before the Lord, a messenger of the covenant. R. S. AND Y. L. MEETING. 4th verse : "Then shall the offering of Judah and Jerusalem be pleasant unto the. Lord as in the The ladies regular y meeting was days of old, and as in former years. The Savior held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms Saturday has identified His name with polygamistsr calls August 22nd, Mrs E. B. Wells presiding. Singhimself the offspring of David, and says of himing, Now let- - us rejoice in the day of salvation" self, "Behold, I come quickly, etc," calls himself, etc. Prayer by Mrs. Margaret Steele. Continued "thi5 .Lord Qod of. the h oy prophets." Nathan by singing "When the voice of friendship's heard." the prophet was one of these. Minutes of previous meeting read and approved. An overwhelming revolution is on the verge of Minutes of the Y.L.M. I. A. of the 20th, I7th,i9th time before our eyes. Divine and 1 st and P. A. of the 5th and 21st Wards,were prophecy must have a fulfillment. J Nearly 2000 years has passed away . then reai . , - God's only son. ' By doing this they ' thought , to have full power and control jover their own destiny. Rut their overthrow and downfall was sure and certain, and the poor despised Gentiles rose to eminence' upon their downfall, nationally and religiously. Let us draw aside the vail and i00k with comparative eves at causes and effects that are transpiring oh the stage of present events. Is not the world ripe in iniquity and do not the powers that be defy God's right to set up His ? Which He" will do in" the" Kingdom oirihe-eart-h same plain and simple manner as He did two thousand years ago, as predicted by Daniel. . The poor persecuted, "ignorant, criminal'' outlawed Latter-da- y Saint people are just foolish and d enough to believe that Gcd will set up His Kingdom on the earth to be a rule over all others, and that He has sent His messenger of the covenant to prepare the way of the coming of the Lord Jesus,who will reign as King of kings and Lord of lords, who will put all enemies under His feet. And those who oppose these things, when He shall come, will call for the rocks and mountains to fall upon them to hide them from His presence. Joseph Smith was a true prophet of God. The Gospel was revealed to him, as the Savior and the disciples preached it two thousand years ago; and the writer of this, it was made - known to her several years before she knew such a church or people existed. That the true church and the same gospel that the Apostles preached would be again, and I promised I would receive it if Y had to suffer like unto the Saints in the apostolic age. The first sermon I heard an Elder of this Church preach, I was convinced it was the Bible doctrine. I was 22 years of age, lived at the time at South Norwalk, Conn. The subject was, the Kingdom of God is like a perfect structure, take away any of its parts and the building would fall so likewise take away from the Kingdom of God, Apostles" Prophets and the gifts of the Spirit, it becomes disorganized at once and has no power to act. The world stumbles at our unity of faith. We are all baptised into "one body, we see eye to eye by the same spirit, we believe in one faith, one baptism and one Lord overall. One of our Church members may be in India, another in New York,they both believe Gospel plan alike and need not correspond. The spirit that we receive after baptism leads us into ail truth. semi-montl- ; made other good remarks. Mrs. H. T. King said she Jelt we were passing under a cloud, but it had a silver lining. Said she could not remember the time when she did not pray and had felt the benefit of prayer all her ifeVspokerupon self-an- d familygovernmentand order in the home and advanced some excellent ' ideas. Mrs. Mary Irvine said shejfelt she could not give utterance to the feeeings1 of her heart but she came with the intention of mingling her voice with the voices of her sisters, but did not expect to speak from the stand. Spoke of .her desire to obtain perfect control of1 herself, thought she was improving some, alluded to those men and women who betray their brethren and sisters and the horror she felt of such a course," exhorted all and advised those present who felt inpressed to do so, to rise up and speak. Mrs. Wells then requested the sisters in the -congregation to .occupy the remainder of. the time- in speaking and bearing testimony. Testimonies were then borne by Sisters Mary The congregaBrown, Mary Silver, Jane James-tion sung the first and last verse of the hymn "The Spirit of Godlike afire is burning." Testimonies were afterwards borne by Sisters M. G. Chase, C. Fawcett, Ann Richards, Lois Hook, Mary Davis and others Mrs. Wells made some closing remarks and Mrs. Ellen Greeves made timely remarks and bfire a very strong and powerful testimony. Meeting was then adjourned for two weeks. , Singing, "Mid Scenes of confusion and creature complaints," and benediction by Dr. E. R. Shipp. ' . . SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. BY! HELEN MAR WHITNEY. Continued.') the pioneers "Monday the 14th, of the 2nd division met this morning at the Council House to arrange themselves in companies of tens, etc." Tuesday the 16th, fair weather. Went by tnvitation with a number of the band, to see a noted McCay by be Choctaw ta a Indian. name,-whprofesses He performed on the flute- saucepan etc ) On the evening . of the the 17th he men- tions attending a meeting of the band, at uauies jiaywu a lu waxLt: auiiie arrangements about a concert to be held at the Council House, which came off the next evening; He attended only a short time says, "I not feeling well, afflicted with a sein my vere cold on my lungs, also head. Brother Wm. Clayton did not attend, in consequence of illness. He makes mention of the the scurvy which was so sorelyt afflicting . . . i flute-playe- r, o . 1 saints, many cases navmg provea iatai. a large "Sunday the 21st number aesembled at the sound of a Delicto hear President Young give instructions, which were good." Brother Kimball called his private family together this evening and blessed them to the number of thirty-sir- r My wife and I did not attend, not feeling well," -Epistle," which father had : A '.'Patriarchal prepared, was read. It contained advice to 