WOMAN'S' EXPONENT. 54 eldest son, '.Wm., an adopted son, Daniel David,"'concerning the bringing up of the: different la mi he.-3- and children that were , undrr hw charge. The following were among the" designs,' wfnch" '"'he'" wished them to parry 1 out after he was gone. 4In the first place, I want' you should fit out a wagon in the first order for. your mother, " aud spe that she is supplied with everything comfort, so that she may Jive, in a re- 7 tired way, and take? every method to throw off everyburdeti froni her,iJiQiiideijiTid-tak&i- t upon you rsei ves; or cait it equally upon othei with yourselves. J Also that Sarah Noon shall have a waggon by .herself and Jamily. Also Sarah Whitney with " her family; and also Brother: Howard Egan'a: family; also James bmithies with his family. tamine3"navera And bepar!Jcuiar-triattnes- e a oft of floQr ; meal, put into and, bag bag their own waggon?; also meat and.such articles as are necessary for their convenience, that they may not have reason to complain, or bor row of, or truuolercach other. And when see that they their bags and stores are filled. y Be very particular to retain a prayerful, meek and quiet spirit, that you can words for your mother.'sisters and friends who are with you while attending to their wants and n ecessitjes ifcuiL yDiunay prove a blessing to them, and a comfort and consolation in very deed, and they will rise up and bless you, and your hearts will rejoice, and you will always be glad, and your Father in heaven, and on earth will bless you, and it will be a source of rejoicing to you forever,and vour sons and daughters in their turn, will arhe and blessand comforts you in like man..Ji is : -- -- , - -- " ; are-empt- li.ivi-cuuifbrtiri- y g ner." . , '.'. . is true we are deprived of should many privileges," as legal citizens that we 11104 enjoy.- It happy. We arc hated by ail the world, - op- impTkTy:;M0iW-fropreSsVen vet we know it is the work of the us, . nvfiCiinf if long-tim- e f - - 1 ' on Now, keeping in miml iyisfcutions and of account practices religious opinions were very prevalent in the old countries, from which emigrated the settlers of what now form the United States and that to prevent the persecution of any religious ect in. the United Suites, it was' expressly declared in the politi- -- g-- th -- righteous-ness.overcom- - - No Wriny - sis terspHiopet here in our little place that have such a as this in our society, if there is, I would ask them whose duty jt is to make the society prosper and make our meetings lively and interesting, is it- the President's? if you think so you are deceiving yourself, for she in her own strength and weakness is not able to do it. She must have the faith and prayers and united efforts of her eistersaad EtTcngXhamlloia- t h i ng-to-d- is-no- - . 1 unxnemner ne o. e 1 1 f.-- r M ' - . permit a 8th. Will you kindly subscriber to attempt so to of July He will suffer our enemies to oppress Lord us until webecome the people he desires us to be. Then we must acknowledge tne nana oi the Lord'in it,and know that it is for our goo 1. I low necessary it is that we should -- become a of the United States, that better people, and to do this, we must obey all cal constitutionmake io law respecting aa es-- " "Congress shall at. is re-- H js command men ts do every thin e tablishment of religion, or prohibiting the quired of us by those in authority, in then the Mormon probour selfish nature, do to others free exercise.thereof," lem is, whether Mormons in the United States as we would have them do unto u so that we with other religious sects, entitled may claim His blessings. Now, L wish to say are,equally to protection in the enjoy meu t and exercise of a few words in regard to the lleiitf Society. There seems to be various opinions asvto what their religious faith aud practice, including the what it is intended' practice of plural or pedygamic "marriage. t blTTTii t.i fiFarfi and By Christians, marriage h regarded to or. Now, I do not pretend to say that 'I' know,, ' Roman. but I know what I think. Some say this be a religious ordinance. By is also it held to Catholics and by. Mormons, society. never was intended for anything but to Roman Catholic The sacramentra church, work and make means to relieve the poor, and be of its the to obedience "in hold Bible, interpretation say I don't think it is women's business to other religious authorities, approve meetings and preach. These .meetings are so and its dull, I can't be interested in them, Others celibacy, but permit monogamic marriage, and . hold it as the only legal and true marriage. will say, I can't see any good the Relief has endeavored, through terrific Society does anyhow, and I don': like to go to For ages it maledictions, ami by awful pains and penalties, the meetings I am afraid I will, have someand" The same day my huibantHnteTmytvifes" IromGod. There are none that have never health quite poor yet, she is afflicted at present held this position that can 'tell' how embarrasswith a, severe cough,haiug taken a hard cold." ing it is, especially when one sees that some On the 29lh?he mentions a number of the are inclined to pull back, Now I hope that brethren, who were going to remain behind, none of my sisters feel like this... Nov I will starting for the "Old Fort' ten miles above tell you what I think about our Belief Society. there, lor the purpose of putting in a crop, I think, they hold the same relation in the and also a number of families, who were pre.Church hat a - woman ' does to her husband. ' The. mill to to remove that paring place. The woman is the help-matfor the man and .commenced s'ome time ago,is now about finished, he is notperfect without her, aud the so that they are about ready to grind wheat, Prophet Joseph said the Church was not cometcHe the of round" corn, speaks boys "flying plete without the Belief Society, so it is the and making ready to start for the Rocky woman's duty to help her husband in all Mountains says Brother Kimball hassix things temporal, religious, political, orany-thin- g waggoiu fitted out ready loaded to start. that is for his interest, is for hers also. Sunday, April the 4th, he mentions the callHe is the father, she is the mother and his ing together of a portion of his father's and "equalbut not his superior. The Bishop is my father's families eleven persons in all to the father of the people, so the Society is the a meeting for. .prayer, and also for instruction mother and it has its duties to look after the from father and Bishop Whitney. This was interest of the ward as a: mother looks after held in the room occupied by my husband's her children. Teach them good principles, sister, Sarah Ann. next door to mine, and becorrect wrongs, relieve distressr set a good exing now convalescent T was able to attend. .. ample and work for the interest of the ward. My father recommended Bishop Whitney Women are expected to help build up the to his family "as a worthy, good and exemplary as well as the men and if the Lord Kingdom man," to counsel them in his . absence, and has designed that this should be part df the said there was "no pei sou 'living in the world" work we are to let us do, take hold in good in whom ho placed, more confidence than he faith not what but. we will accomdoubting did in Brother Whitney, ami there was no ' some plish gaod. I do think that we are person who would have so much influence in favored and Idlest with privileges that we should his (father's) family in his alienee. Many and furthermore when we meet in appreciate, things were said and much ; good instruction our working meetings we are engaged in God's r given by both fathers, when the meeting Vas urK ana snouiai observe as good orrier as adjourned till evening. ; we had met irnr:Kin though w tj Agreeable to adjournment they met again in " m. b. the evening and conversed till about 9 o clock; Arizona. Frastus, when a prayer was oifered up, father beirf" jnoulh. "Afterwards' Horace wrote, Brother From the Boston Commonwealth, Saturday," August Kimball aud father alternately blessed caeh ist, 1685. member of Jiis family, nnd. the meeting disANOTHER LOOK AT THE MORMON cussed about 11 o'clock, after having enjoyed PROBLEM. one of the happiest times (and the apparently brief. ) period in my existence'-- EDITOR 'OF THE BOSTON COMMONWEALTH ; A landscape varies in beauty and interest A FEW OF MY THOUGHTS. according as it is seen from one or another First I would fay that of all peoplVon pointof view-- Jsot unlikely, the Mormon earth we are the most blest, and should be the qQestmn may aLo be viewed under a better light than that under " m Commonwealth - . , which it appeared in the the under sanction Mormons, hand, in same and obedience to of the Bible, it: and their other religious authorities, discountenance celibacy, believe both monogamic and polygamic marriage to be approved of by God, and practice either, . according as their inclination and circumstances may per- is approved and mitr By Shakers i celibacy . -an maTnajxe is "religiously praetieeth aira avoided. In all these sects the conjugal relation, be it of any kind, whether entered into or avoided, partakes of a religious character, and the free exercise of it as a religious or dinance by each and every sect of religionists thinkers believe, is, a3 many honest, sou-nequally entitled to protection against interference and persecution. Wise and politic, was the Roman proconsul Gallio, when he told Paul's persecutors that as to their questions and the interpretations of their religious law, to look to it themselves and not to trouble him witli them, and so drrve them from the Acts xviii, 18. Would that judgement-seat- . hed been Congress equally judicious in its treatment of the Mormon "question! Every religious, persecution, whether heathen or Christian, is impolitic and wrong, and is re. membered to the shame of the persecutors. The persecution of the witches, supported as it wa3 by the honorable3 and reverends of the day, is now reckoned- as a sorry blot on the fair fame of Massachusetts. The present persecution of the Mormons in a land of and under a liberty, political constitution expressly providing for religious toleration, will be recorded in history, as a lamentable outbreak of bigotry and intolerance, as a breach by the government of its solemnly blighted faith for religious liberty, and a wicked and cruel violation, of the natural marital rights of men and women. The Commonwealth writer insists that "the laws of order and decency, must be enforced in Utah." In the .opinion of many competent observers (whose testimony there is not here space for) there was far more genuine order and decency in Utah, prior to the enactment: of the Edmunds statute, and the advent there of government officials and their servitors, than there has since been. The Mormons were orderly and peaceful, and even now,' though suffering from bitter oppression; are yet orderly and peaceful. "Order reigns in Warsaw," said the Czar; but despotism, whether in Russia or the United States, is. not order, it is concentrated disorder it is mental dynamite, and, sooner or later, will explode,, spreading misery -- -- 1 1 , d - so-call- ed ' 