raw w-- m n vis:.' E The v- Vol. of pgMs r the JFoTjiai of: Zion, and the Rights r SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 1 11. TH EBEGI XXI NGA KIJ Tl E END. . -- clouds havegather'd aft and fore The lightnings flash, th-- thunders roar The fierce blasts sweeping here and there, "The ttatcly forest trees uptear, While raging elements at war, The' lovely face of nature mar. - "Offences mu needs come" but lo! - - God has pronounced a telling woe . - - Jut there remains a glorious rest For those by wickedness oppjess'd--Foall the faithful Saints of Go J, , Who .own His hand and kiss the rod; ' 'All who in faithfulness abide,I r . - ' . s tritidf With texture and with E'en such as now in sorrow mourn Their sires and husbands ruthless borne, Unstain'd with guilt or crime, to dw.-l-l ' - Within a prison's loathsome cell.. - heart-string- , - '. Ye Saints of Godfcajr notstand fast, JrngenoiXdwerJjeiire .the-blast- ' f- And Oh, he wise.and understand The tj cach'rous. kus and hand," Which profferjife and liberty At cost of your integrity. You'd better risk the lion's den. Or the thrice-heate- d furnace; then On Israel's God you (Sin depend, be true, and God will be your friend, And you far better sacrifice Your mortal life, than jeopardize Your AL?. yes, ALL will be at stake. If you your sacred covenants break; And mark! this demon-lik- e ordeal, God will o'errule for Zion's weal. ve-lv- -- , - I'rosperify has never served To sift out those who heedless swerved From duty those whose lives were spent In carving their aggrandizement; Or, pampering a morbid taste,' Let time and talents go to waste; The hypocrite, with cordial4ciss, More'dang 'roils than the serpent's hiss t-- -The fawning sycophant, whose sniiie trade niark, to beguile, And for this purpose, God will use Those whom the rights of man abust. ; " - The reckless crusade will not ctase, NorwlH the righteous dwell in peace, Till all the hypocrites, with fear, Dismay and trembling disappear, Till lying hordes, in silent gloom, With traitors. mselJhek4toi4-ioom-- I'ill Freedom, Truth and Justice jeign, a And equal rights for all sustain; Till all true Saint, as one, unite To serve the Lord with mind and might. Then will the powers of Heav'n come down And Zion's courls with glory crown. L R. Sxow Smith. ' Logan City, 24th July. VajrjgUedithre - , AN ADDRESS. To the Saints in Latter-day- . Vie Rocky Moun- tain Reg vm and throughout tjie world: As this is the anniversary of the arrival of the pioneers in Salt Lake" Valley under the .direciioh r. f I're-ideBrigham Young', we have thought it a proper and fitting time to address you briefly. nt " " settlements. That which was originally intended by our enera iesJbr oil rdestruetion has been made, through the blessing of the Almighty, to redound to our peace and happiness, and to our establishment as a happy people throughout these valleysa people from whose family altars continually ascend praiso and adoration to the Most High for the great, blessings which He has conferred upon us. We feel that unto God alone and to obedience to His laws are we indebted for the rich and varied blessings with which we are surrounded. On this, the anniversary of the arrival of a iuiiccis m im.i v aiiey vi oan it is inse, Dubliclv acknowl ilTfilghaTwelhould thus edge the hand of God; and while we at present are in circumstances that are painful and that have been brought about by the action of inconsiderate, unreflecting, and, in many instances, wicked and unscrupulous men, some of whom are officials, yet we have never felt li ke wavering in our fidelity to our government, nor like ignoring the principles of equal rights guaranteed bvnhat sabred palladium nf human liberty the Constitution of; the united btates. Our motto always has been, is now, and we hope always will be, as expressed in the Declaration of Independence: "That all men arc created equal and are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights;" and that they have the right to "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness." steps taken by those m. authority, who ought to know bitter, to shackle the human mind and thought, to bring American citizens into bondage, and to pass and maintain laws that are violative of every: constitutional rigliL"Hi3-tor- y bears ample testimony to the fact that in times no man's property, life or liberty past was safe in the hands of judges who sat upon the bench and imagined they had a mission to performand who, to accomplish their ends, had recourse to packed juries. The history of Utah, during the past few months, illustrates thesame truth. The authority of the Government is being made use 4)f, not to protect, but to.harass, to prosecute, persecute and destroy the most honorable and upright of the land. "Families are dissevered and brokerrnip7;tlie"inost"sacrpd ties are rent rr. do desolate an'd many 2r asunder, rSom i . 2To. 5. of our leading men languish in prisons among; thieves, murderers and criminals of the worst description. Our cities, towns and villages are infested with spotters, deputy marshals, informers and all those questionable characters who have found employment under tyrannical and despotic governments in other lands and in darker ages. To see the great principles of human liberty thu3 ruthlessly trampled under foot has caused us to feel sorrowful in our heart for this mighty nation cannot follow the --example ot otner powers who nave, through pride, maladministration of the laws and a disregard of human rights, fallen into decay and beerioverthrown, without meeting a simi" lar fate. , It was doubtless with these feelings of sor-sofor the degeneracy which could permit such outrages that some of our fellow-citizen- s thought proper on the 4th of July to place a few flags at half mast. Liberty was stricken down, pierced 'in her. vitals by. the hands of those who should be her protectors markably blessed by the Almighty in the extension of' our settlements, in the building of our cities, in the erection of our Temples, in the introduction lof education in all its vari- .0119 formsj.in our agricultural, manufacturing and mercantile pursuits, and in the general development of the resources of the country. under the blessings of the "Almighty.'' and through His guidance and protection, we have been enabled to make the wilderness and soli tary places glad and the desert to blossom as the rose; and through a spirit of industry, and perseverance and frugality we have been eyit Who choose and loveto serve the devil. ihey-cometh- e Qft,4hem1y--whem -- 1885. We came here as exiles thirty eight years ago, driven from ouriatids and homes, our lemple and City of Nauvoo. We came to find an asylum in. this, the then American desert, and, far from what is termed civilization, to try to establish homes and seek that protection among the red men of the wilderness that was denied us, because of our religion, in the United States. There wa3 no other reason at that time assigned for our exjpjalnJbjGyt. Iark . of Uit Women M aU --, w upright,the virtuous and the honorable have been and are being incarcerated jn prisons under tBe forms and color of law. And without dishonor to the flag, what more fitting mode could citizens adopt of exhibiting their grief at the condition of affairs? To place the flW at half- mas tb the recognized symbol of grief through- oui vnnstenaora. As tree men they thought, we suppose, they had the" right to thus ex hibit their sorrow for the existence of the evils from which they snffer, and not hypocritically indulge in laudations while unward of 200,000 American citizens are practicallv denied the rights contended for in the Declaration of Independence. Must a free neonl lw brought into; such a state of servitude that tney cannot express their feelings in a custom ary wayr Must they be bound, fettered flnd chained, and , then be gagged so as not tn ho heard? Must they cover their manacles with flowers, or wrap their fetters with cloths W the clanking sound unpleasantlv in thp of their tyrants, or free men be aroused to at the spectacle? Tyrants and their apol ogists may attempt to make such action appear ai31ya; Dl" we Have not so learned the principles of freedom, A condition of affkira guardian3.-TheTUSt,-the re-vo- lt crisis iu mm xemiory wnich, when underlover of human rights must constood, every demn; and in behalf of ourselves, in behalf of our wiye3 and children, in behalf of the Constitution of the United States, and in beh'alf or the principles of and throughout the world, we ensolemn ter our protest against such iniquitous -acts a3 are being perpetrated here. While we do thU we wish it to be distinctly understood that we have no controversy with the Republic as a nation, but that those who, silting in high places and administering the laws, are guilty s of acts of oppression toward their out-rageou- fellow-citizen- s. ' : " Millions of the people of this nation are deceived by the false representations of religious bigots and political tricksters, who, when they ehall know the truth,: will be as much disgusted at this outrageous crusade against the principles of human freedom as we now are. In reviewing the past thirty-eigh- t years, what abundant causes we have for thanksgiving and and falser-h- ood praise! Every conceivable-jdande- r has been circulated - concerning us and V our religion. Our enemies hare endeavored -- j 