WOMAN ' S : EX P O T. N EN -- vk.- Another ptm&UloiW pz2efi,pui)hhed atitV' ing citief , towes, vjlJagep, hoisegr and tt rxiplo?, for sa'e ttt tie Juvenile luetructor OSlcn hr 10 ' preparatory to the coming of our 8 vltir. Id an adddrces delivered iu ctf. per copy, . This is the work God ha& call; d the Litttr-JfSalt-LikA ernbly Haiatfc to ptifcrrE. k&d n aw, if, 4 be Previa Hb, nti El Jer of W. Charles ISSi, , by the UaUtd gta't?, City, Octtbjr Mb, msglstraUp, -- Penrose. It !s entitle J, 11 Thy Mountain Mea-- ' psople, or individual will a 'bz hi this work hey shall dows Massacre." The subject is fully diicufised, hjlio'frevra vi fcrsRidr rcur Savior eh i importUIociimentfl, Knieof4htm cflicial" gl ye . p!e adjiat'pf cn-cold water In my name, tht y Kua!JvhavQ their re-- " bearing upon the matter, are pobllfched ward." jiad properly authenticated. It is a book that to have rierc'-furCeiDgicirculation Thgdrufi-aac- i , ought mrt"i,yy thejubv but Ho does all hiigV J ict hahieu ha n d lei la th era a U c'urnpy manway. Ho warn the iahabitanU of thu eartii of ner by many and the blame cf the whole omiag transaction attributed to the leaders of the juJgcacn's, and b as since the creation. .' God moves In a mysterious way "Mormon'' Church.. T)o epcaker haa shown Ili3 wonders to ierforia;. plainly that there ia nothing to eubUanliate He plants His footsteps ia the sea, Midi a fctitemnit at til. and that TirMia-' And rides upon the storm. . . Young and his ai'oci'ates in ( flic a wereconi latt-)- y But the wpy He has 6; nt fortlr H'g projiama- -' vindiciteJ by the Jecthnony of John DLef, tion?, and the obeicrre r'ndtvi iuala lie La-- i abd tbeVaUrnents cf rt liable men, both Gtn-til- es chokn, maukiod in general have btcime cfl'eLd-e- d a well, es MormoLS. Every body fihtuld at, and have rejected his of mer;-- and real the book for thermelVe-i- , and scatter copies so and gaivatlon, by doing they have been lo3t. of it abroad wherever they msy have an oppor-- ' "' the s In of Noah daj ."" they .were snept away by . tunity. the flood3 and asi: wather,so it eba'l b 3 again; "Picture Alb an ml Story R)ok," U a new The people cn the earth how will not give heed biok for the clil 1 rt r , Usue J from the Juvenile to.Hla mefBagc:- "Come out cf her, my reople, Instructor Ofllce. It contains thirty pre ure, that ye be not partakers of her eias aad rective very Interesting oneF, wLh the de8criptignon of her plagues." The wcrld at large is with-cfaith in God, a3 the enly way to obtain it id petty one, and will certainly be a pleasure to through revelation, and this they deny. Hew Ihe little folks, who are always del'ghted with could He warn His cb:JJrcn without He ecnt ' pictures. Price, 25 cts. His meeceLgers to tteri? And if they have no The magazine, "Life and Home," has taken confidence in a commuri'cation fr(m Him, how a new title. It ia very weJl adapteJ for home can they be moved by His word? reading, and ii a ueful addition to, our home Xov, if the people of Nineveh had not be. literature. lieved in revelation they would all have been The Academic. Review, published in Provo by deitrcyed; but thty behtvtd that Jonah had the Polyeophical fiociely.of the Brigham Young epoken the word of the Lord to them, and in Academy contains much U3eful Informacanecquenca of tbis tbey rrptnita sna p ut on tion. It ia a neat little pampbht published eackc'olh and sat in &shep, even the king. "The eight times during the aademio year. It la Sivlor reproved the Jews for their unbelief and quite a pleasing enterprise, and very creditable aa an example heli up the people cf to the young peop'e. and eaid to them, they ru ented at the preaching We have received uJhj)!c3 Literature,'' a of Jonah and a greater olc thtn he was in their rxiidil." Their untel ef caused tfceir overthrow, , y J Id "vj i uj.utivu dntaina an assortment of reading matter in the For therein ia the righteousness of God revealed form cf e838ys, ske'ehes, biographic?, descripfrom faith to faith; as it is written, the just Ehall tive article?, etc., and seems to bj very ably live by faith." Romanp, chapter 17ih vene . edited. Daniel would have been destroyed had he not be! ievt d inreveationHear-wha- t be laid to' the king: "But there Is a Gcd in heaved that nA HAPPY NEW YEAR. " revalath etcret?, and maketh known to the king, Nebuchadnezzar, what ehall be Ui the lat io ue nappy Jetua make new resolve?, snd en er dayp." DinitJ, 2ad chapttr, '2SU Verse. the old year la going out and the ne w one comAfter going on with the interpretation he fayp, - In ing in, let as do. betterthe future we than e,-- Ji A nd--i n . i hedayBo rthTe"rD 8 iithjeri UForaake- - alHeviranll'rvBrvZ l!jylG8-Pa- a ehall the Godf heaven eat on a kingdem w Ivch. a has to that thing lead us from our tendency shall never I e vc!i strcj cd: &Ld tfce kl: gdom x aiiic;. xi wo uavtj noi ueeu 'Fi t xhaU bi ehall not l3 left io iruajto our covenants, to cur or to other kingdoms, break ia pitcja andi'on-urtial- l ne'gbcrp, let U3 make retribution ae far as lies incurelvep, our powand it fihali fctand for ever "xThis is dc.Cnite er; leS us become a dell2htsome people in the language given by revelatt.n, f,AB4Hhe dream far r0 f n fortiri rif'fn tt tyea of the Lord, that He will pour cut His nln nnrl f Onto blestlng upon us, and make Z!on the Joy cf the Chuse 10th verse. whole earth; that her pejple mBy be a All these things coicorn eveneand-aholy peoj ple, for Zion jsjthepure izi hearl; that upon all each yea- - advances the end drawelh nigh. O ), uer assembles and dwelling places Ehall be need not well, thefe who administer the-lawritten, "Holiness to the Ird.' And that a is to y&u, C pcern themselves. Ye?, the call Ui "Jiat Vrjuu vy oy anu a pSijar of fire by nigh t Cim? nnto meall y e endr cf the earthy and be !hBl1 out protecting shield. "And it shall no ye faved." Borne say, if you brieve iu revela-tio. 1 TnnPa fia oofr? hA T n you add to John's b.ok of revelation; we do the Children of Lrael cut cf the land of words not add to h:'s worde, but we believe Eypt, but the Lord liveth that bronght will ba fulfilled to the very letter, bat If we did up His people from all parts whither He had not believe in revehtion we woued detract from scattered teem." it, and our names be taken from thelckof The children of Ephrsim had a mirk et L'fe. "Blefeed are they that do His eammand-meutupon them they were to be known that they may have right to ihe tree cf by their hair and bald head; his seed was m'xed gray life, and may enter In through thgatea into tha am5ng the Gentiles, and they were to to taken one of a city." 22nd chapter, 14th verfe. We will give ci'y and two of a family. These are they of the His own'worda to His diiciplef; "Go ye Into all promised eed which the Gofpel came to flraf the world, and preach the Gospel to every creathey received the divine meHsage, and are build ture. He that believeth and is baptized shall y :'tbaTwthI?d govi-rr.crs- at ; g-e- - Pi .. f.-- r wn in-inVo- . bo fiavtd, but he hat btTeveth tot ehnJl ba 'damded.' "Aod tbete fcigLs friialJ follow Ibc'ee thaVt elieve," etc. "VV '. Who haa a r;ght to change the e ccm und-menand maku them read diilarent, cr siy these tigaa ere no longer needed? We cannot changa the word of Gn without bringing condemnation upon ua; Theiefore the whole world lieth in unblie', and all are cllei upen to tlhe truth it ii revealed Jn these last of the earth s'iouU day?. The Mng aud qiec-'n'f. conce up to i:.on and b log their plaa'antJhinga , ' - :' ". ta . ac-c- t'j ttenuiiry the fatictuaVy of f hw Lord cf IIcb'f, t o make the place of Ilia feet gbrbua. M A. P. '. A,o ' Hilt Lake i'y, D.c 30, i n i ' V 1531 C7 ii'-er- y ' ; - nt ut N-neve- . i FT L A PLEASANT AFFAIR. ' Puitoh Expo'i:xt: . D;. E lla R Ship war the recipient of a very pleasant surprise party, on. the cc3is:6n of the expiration of the flrat term orhercli?8 in , a1.ur.lay Dec. EO'.hY Tna lady expreeaed herself ai being completely surprised for once cb-fatet- , XfUier-peopTy- ? ; ' n s, r'c her life .. The parly wa? managed by the members of the cla83. The time passtd quickly and plcant, ly in soc'al chat, socg, recitation?, telcct reading, essays, etc. Hiring the evening a haniacme a bum was prtPenTeJ to Dr. Bbipp, by one members, in bihaif of the clais, to which eha responded in afswwell clioien worJs of thaukj. All then aij ourned to the dinirg room and partook of a goodly array of viands, epread upon the table by those taking cfiarge of that pirt of the jro- Crarnme. The sxemlacia, oloed Uy 1V teadtog, of the contents cf abu'Jget box,filled with original piecaa, humorou?, sarlouj, and all ex. pressive of the esteem in which the teacher la held by the students. At twelve o'clock the prfy broke up, all expressing themselves eatiafled with the eueceia of the'undrtakiug, and each wishing the other a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. j ! -- a of-th- e CAC1U3. lt - - OUR COUNTRY WRONGS. My country, 0 ray country I ' My heart it Heeds far thou; Thy patriots have departed, now we see. Thy down-fal- l Fair Columbia! Heaven born bo.on ct free dom, where hast thcu flso? To the land of pj lrlta to look do wn and weep over y cur country's rong? Look within the prison waHj of Silt. Like City and b shold one that was born a JegJ heir to the Cmatiiuiioa which guarantees ty every man the eacied right to worship God according to th dictates of hif own conscience. "Pld not Rudgar CiawsGn stand up nobly leforf i : the cou r t an cl ai ana trri a go to a eecond - w A a rel'gi us right, by quoting that clee in the Ccnslitution, Cjugrs shall pass no lawpro-- h 1 il i t Iiigar yra anJr 0 ra JL h efr e 9 e se;c!3d of 1 In tho name of tru.th and reason who haa violated this law, R jdar C!a weon, or Corjgre-that has paTsed iws prohibiting free bom AmeVcan CHJzsns from the free exerciee of ro ' Pgior.? The "Conaitutlcn of the United Blatei wa3 ?ivin by lnpp'ratLn, preparatory to the coming forth of the K!ngdora of God. Methinki I.eeo tho veteran fathers, who thed their blood to le queatho to us that sacred, heavenborn boon, of the liberty, taking notes of the proceedings courts that have eentenced God's Bervants to is an appeal prison without an appeal; bat there 8 - ' 