WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 02 and Covenants" and are carrying 0ut the the work "commen ced by t he Prophet J o ep'h . I for a few i :i)u r school Brother tgacm.-r.'an- 11 riountv. fa i t hful .C. i'kvl t, 1 :wuU excelled, rniari; r haeh: bare, a i:i our allien to inid4. Gave oiher good instructions. The following i;;u;;ed ohieers were- thc-n.-- su- - y tesU-;tikym- mo- - - " merits, who was talking'to a few persons who had. beep enticed together to hear what he had to say 'when there .'was a 'pause in he conversation. I asked hirn the following questions which he .. " , answered. Do you believe in sending missionaries, to the wnrld frinrr-nrh- ' ....,.! jU',;.' LilU- it th6-ooil'.jjir- . re r. ---ii.su ': htorftai i tiJi. i v; - . . iieiseu, i. jeiie'iiciiun oy 'MiU;in.-- . J - vv-- to nt Si-re- . fortli lu" f';; 'Iauc.; iu'ichun ourse-- ;rc.'t-r- .alfretired' re hive a than ; is 1- - o'clock, peeabu- :y wIomi - J ea-e.- ,. thi-- j);Tnt. (rops ut frost heps oii wo '"generally shall be blessed with a baufitcoij inu vest .hetter than lien tof'.ire. Your .Sisters in i lie Ink-uti-Lit-- , IIEO'lNAXIZ VTJON. bi.sid-- o-e- pt. . h iV-if- .pre-sen- t, J: -- S Tge71lIevi ihe- tiHiismTr71?arair.Tri?.ciucn t it. w.;-- ; iwiind neerarv t)' reorganize the and H "aart by the his.' ey.uiselor MavgAret V. Steel, Annio Yonng and Jano E Van Tastd," wore-- ' Bi-ho- p and Pr'.-diien- t; Annie Musser. the M: S. Mus- coun-svlvr- s; r, e.cretiry; Mary W. -- Car.ilin; Croneh, President trea-ure- r; . i ETA II STAKE. "Minute? of Coni'.'rene-- d' . . Relief .S,;olvty of JUtabUiUiUJliHsi44Ki Am Presi-dtn- ' . ' t - vi-ilo- to-da- rs ' f : ; . ; pillow-slipvnn- fure-,noo- !i j ';; .. t - d , 1 -- -- i"1 W cort The Y. L. M. I. A. of the Fourth Ward, Ogden, held a grand reunion on Wednesday, It was in honor of the August 2dth, parents of the members of theySocitdy, and was held in the meeting-housand in the pavilion on Lester Park. the At ..meeting in- the soDie ex cell ens exercises were O iven in the meeting-house- . Sister Kuthiuda E.'Moncb,who nas for ix years been the President of the association, and given the utmost satisfaction, resigned her position, which was accepted,- - At-tclose of thforenoonmeting one of the finest feasts, ever given in Ogden awaited the people in the pavilion. It was prepared by the iiimber.s. Three hundred persons feasted 'from the good things, and there was much left which" was given to the. poor. Among the prominent persons-presenwere: President L. V. Shurt-liff-an- d counsel; Sister Jane SrRichardsT Stake President of the Relief Society; Sister Sarah A, ilei nels Prest, Y. L. M. I. A.; Hon. Joseph Stanford and wife. Hon. Jo A WPt nnd , wife, and presidents of the city societies, .fter dinner a fine programme was carried ouHn the pavilion, which had been beautifully decorated-T- or the occasion The exercbses' were of the highest. order. Speeches were made by President Jane S. Richards and several 'of the brethren. Sister Monch received 'deserved credit for her diligent labors in behalf of the association. -- In the evening nearly one hundred couples enjoyed themselves greatly in a pleasant party in the pavilion. The kindliest feeliug prevailed throughout. AVe give below a well written essay on "The Obj ect of the Reuuion," written and read in the afternoon by.Mrs E. H. Anderson.e Tea-e.hi's- Mnry J r.u i n 4 "wit h and prayer.'. The .Meeting op.ened by siu-i- ii 1' Con jukiutes of f irmer mice were read by a'ls iv)-.!"froiaS.F.A. the diifereut eeictury: branch-s- - t 'nvi!.i-h--:i- i CHinty, etc. in President Juhn her remarks said we are, accmiinir to uur report, great helps-- ' to our R. S. REPORT. ;britijre:i in juauy ways in helping to build Templesi tal)rinueles, and in caring for the siek and the ailbctrrihe-porj- r and the needy; The firsLannual mectiug of the" llelief Soand although we have no with Us ciety of the Ephraim Ward of the San Luis feel that. we .can one another. ;J .Stake of Zioti, licld in the meeting house. Au r. We will .front hear, verbal the Presi' reports 11, 1885. dent otv the several branches-othe Relief The house was very handsonielj-decora- tt il Society of the Sfakand thi.f afternoon we' with evergreens and llowers, with three large with the e expect. t by f:tv-rcof some vases of beautiful flowers from. Sister Bodelia d"the brethren wlio'".will to us. Since Poulson's flower garden. There were maiiy our lan' Cmfer nee we Lave sustained another beautiful quilts of all kinds of patterns hang- Jossm theMealh oe Si4er Bee!)er who was our ing up stoekings,T;nse's, lace?, embroideries treasurer, as also President of the Silk Associone lovely knitted tidies, and ation of this' S;ake. bedspread knit by Sifter L. Xl. Thorns, and Ti;e Relief Soeietv ..ofthe county was other nice tilings too numerous to mention. rpiv. sentcd, with but few exceptions, bv the'respei Prest. A. M. R'asmussen presided in the meetlive I resiueni the reports being favralle-as' . ing. Singing bv choir. Prayer bv A. to an increase of faith and good works, and a Koll called, . ) . mem- - determination to iiasmussen. fcmgiuir. ., r res3 forward to the end and uers present, oZ enrolled. Minutes of the prealvati.in and eternal lives ' gam vious mcetiug lead and approved. Statistical and financial report was then read. had si, ,m, since our last Piesu, A. M. Hasmussen then gave thanks m the atl.otster Hester A;in (inference and said W for the decorating of tht: hue, atrd.:avo verv tl,' vearrf .'w- - have been, called V to 00;! instructive advice and. counsel, exporting ns to press forward in 'future-- a in unv-- s pat were Avo:it to meet will, us here at this stand' the other wrrrs bore 'th'irir testiSeveral A' C monies and gave Very goid instruction?. and our bJowd The Bishop and Counselors, Home Misaioor, our President, and now our treasurer, who was also Stake sionaries S. "VVhitnej and Joseph Hunsaker, 1 istc. resident of the .Silk Association of Utah . all.-.,- Editor Exponent: )eirtrrwher:iip:n tie: fbllowihg ollieers were ch-cbl- , - Y. L. M. I. A. REUNION, - ais-"- 1 i s, . . David John followed with o?ood . 0:1 iendirrs of the Varburtn and theidiieejv- and s " After a few more remarks from President Mary John, Conference adjourned for three, months. Benediction by Pre-t- . A. 0. Smoot. Caroline, Daniels, Sec. Kcdief SoeioiyV Jlirhop hii' eouo-elorJfSrpli 1 jo-- ii and Ab xandcr' btee.i. liit! i n:, S liter iiriatn (j. v,nase, r- signed u:r (dliee as 1V-- id nr on account of r did-wit- S-- Jo-vj;- : but the tilth of apostacy, why should.' we wish ' to prove them or hear llu-- preach. ' Now, I say, let us not go alter.' them,- tor. if we do we thereby bid them. C.od speed,- and His j Spirit will not go with us, and we may not be enabled to find it agaiiUor (there, are principalities and powers above which we have no control); or if we should have made a blotch upon the great white sheet spread out before us cn which to write our character for eternity. If we go upon Satan's ground he will claim his own as h. he .Moses because lie .sinned. Then as .1 i. ...i. rtiuiiguacb us, yueu v.x" .iiniDK we .standiilet us take heed lest we fall and shun the very abearance of evil. irt was Iield in the fttfilrA B ibv-!-- n kt raT(i ltc) Vani in :elij;g hous-Thc:e w.re ');;!, 18 rf "tbr ed President A. 0. Bmoot heartily endorsed the teachings we liad received, and gave more good counsel in regard to keeping out of ilebt, and in regard to teaching the children to be neat, industrious, ."humble and prayerful, and not to follow after the fashions of Prt. t- wo - . U1ft.-Fir.5- nt counsels to l, A.M., li.i f'fasjilnnV'tr ljiij i ivciuvuw f peopio, etc. Pr.'-ide- ANXIK OtTiON", StC. Thursday, ! ' Go-pe- f Koca ".- -.t g wit,!:; udv cueinies mor living ge;;;ra!iy llu at-p-at-- v-- .ii e:;joy-in- tr he, - ifOnd ; - President H- - ii. Ciuu being the first speaker, spoke of our present iersccution as r.'no of th.o evidences m tlie truth of great tills work. Go i's purposes arc peculiar, and id direct opposition to the plans of man. We must maintain and promote the interests of 1 ia the everiing 4:-V- Sllid lixtil imuviik'; :yr k ,....1il lll'l .. 1)1 I 1 H niclia ir . - ... ---- . Paulson's, abiiiidaiiee Willi w t lie fables where spread and" dainti: d of kinds, :iu;I tiii:).;;;"" a!. ;iit Hi), Do you believe in the gathering of the .Saials? Not now, but will by- and by. ; . Are. you building any temples? ' get to No, and do not expect to do so iintill-wJ Jackson County. V) your people payany tithing? No ve do not. ry ..rtu hrtlTHTn-T- rr r.lartri!- tvnrrrify ' No. Do you believe in plural marriage? No we surely do not. . in said nor of the, fundamental prin.ci- I, No, any by the Prophet, pics of the work of God, as taught " ' I Joseph, and left him. They frequently quote the .saying of Paul: "Prove ail things and hold fast to thatwhcjiis I " K itrVV L.. y.-- . tr. 1 11CII 1VO KIIUU Ulrtl lltL) itlC ilU'J.iluit.fJUUW. and are full of animosity toward the Church of Christ and would "destroy it if they could, and that they are full of darkness (for they cannot t .dce the Holy Ghost with them) .and, as Jesus said, ''how great is that darkness ;" when we know that they want to draw down with themselves as Satan does - i i uv cimir. riMt'intr V ex-hort- o-ra- ciia i - organizations are doing . will never be estimated until the great day of reckoning; mothers to guard their children, pfay with' them, and teacn tnem to pray, etc. Conference adjourned till J, p. tn. Afternoon session was Opened by the usual exercises. After a few remarks from Counselor Mtiri :i. liiiiic s. the time was occupied bv the . . lli-- Sister Clult exhorted tne listers to be i n- alien d i n g these inee tings, an d also - he ; . - 7. v It "object of our reunion. seems hardly necessary to state the object of a meeting of this class. It gives its own, on the facof it. To write of the object of our is like writing an introducgathering tion to a preface. But since it has been alloted to me, there can 1)3 no harm in an expression that ta iy explain more fully, perhaps, than the pleasant spirit that animates us all, why we are assembled liere on this occasion, to-da- y s 