THE WOMAFS EXPONENT; tMltr. SLXELI3E B, WEXUS, Fat rl&fctd fai-aonthlyt-- Salt JUke' (ity, in Terms: CU, ne copy one year, S3. 00; poo.copy.tl,x moa.tiZ fl.W Ten copies, for tJw price of idne. Advertising rates: Eachfcare, ten lines of nonpareil space, one 00. A liberal discount to time, $2.50: per month, regular advertisers. , 7 ExpoirBXT Office, Koom No.. it up stairs, ITooper and Eldredge Block, Main Street, & few r doors south of Z. C. il. I. Business boors from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to : PnMlslgrJWOMJ'S, KXPO.KXWT, 84t Lake WtyUtah..:!: '7:"1'7 ' ' -- .Jrr. SALT LAKE MARCH CITY, 1, 18S5 THE INAUGURATION OF CLEVELAND, An event of great importance to the people of " the United States is now just at hand. The in- auguration of the Chief Executive cf the Republic. To all who love their country and apIt preciate the administration of'liwand justica J 111 III l. u 111 Ti l It a iuuuirmuus time, it will UOUDllfSd wiii portend great changes In many places and in dl ffe r f n t r nBft f sVTh a - Timm rern t intra f t v h a vST been waitiog loDg for an opportunity to show their strength in the nation, and at the time of In 1Q77 thn pAf!nn nf "Rnfhrfnrfl H party felt sure of a complete victory, but were noRfllhla tn obllzed to submit wlln the beat their defeat. This time there seems to be no shadow on their cloudlets hor'zor, but all is clear, and every prospect bids fair to usher in the President elect with all the pomp and cere- mony a Republican form of government mates A m-ac- e admiafeible. Already grand and elaborate preparations are being made at the Capital, az:d a gathering of noted people from ali parts of the country has commenced In good earnest. Washington will ba fairly abfeze wilh splendor for onedsyat least, and although Grovesnor Cleveland Is said to be a very plain and unassuming man in the matter of distilav and ecl&t. vet nn fhlanno caBlon eocJety and custom will compel him to accept for the day at least the formal attentions and homage of an enthusiastic and delighted populace. The very fact of the Jong time that has elapsed since a Democratic President filled the office moat honorable in the gift of the peo- iiiD, wjjiDttvB iu liuiguien m a very great degree the exultation of the nennla w v www iv. tory now successfully gained. It is but justly due to the lofty position of the President of to great a nation, that tome. formal steps should be . laKen to maae ine ogcasion one-lo- ng e re-memDered, one significant in all its bearings of the true spirit of Americanism. It impresses m ' Mr A. A. A to-b- the masses of the neonle than the simple fact Itself. They would almost forget that such an event had taken phoe were it not for the pomp and ceremony, the elaborate display of flags and banners and the noise of cannons andmirttermu3ic. The common people, plain as tby may seem, glory in these outward, symbols of greatness. Besidos, this is a day of show and pJrade aniVestlyities, s gay col-or- and ostentation, when every where we ee flaunting In the ranks of the civil and the mill-tarthe most elaborate display "in style and or namentation. When men and women prefer the sunflower to the violet, and aspire to jojtfaet-iclssi no matter how insipid and insignificant they may make themselves, what is the civi- lizsd world to expect? But not to diverge from the inauguration, there can be no doubt that everything will be y msnsg d on a most magnificent sea?e. It la the Americacrstyld to spend money profusely, and when it fa for the purpose of inaugurating a Democratic President after so many loag years of weary walling, no 'pains will be spared to , make J t the, event of Mm d&jg in which we if& vs fgtip j esiton f ph;i3 oils- Waah lug ton monument is barely over, when closo upon the heels of dejtiny C3Q18I a national evint of the greatest significance, either for good or ill to : every citizen of this commonwealth, To be suw, much depends upon other things connected with the oflQcp; for instance, it is a Wtll authenticated fact in history that itisnften the case, the power behind the throne is greater WHAT ARE WOMAN'eJ RIGHTS. Editor Exponent: Having a few moments to spare I thought I would jot down a fe w of my reflections upon the reading cf the minutes of the ''Woman Suffrage Convention, lately held in teejuj of Washington, D. C. and published in your IfcSUt of Feb- - the . following on page ICO: "Whereas the dogmas incorporated in rel'gious creeds derived from Judaism, teaching that woman was an afterthought of creation, her sex a . ruary State; Manning, Secretary of Treasury Lamar, Secretary of Interior; Garland, Attorney Gener al; Vilas, Postmaster General, with a probability that Whitney will be Secretary of Navy, and Endicott Secretary of War. It Is well known that three at leat cf these men are pronounced antlMorm&n in their views and will ba likely to approve and justify the harshest, measures against this people. In view of the new admin.-istratio- n aro we can see nothing to be hoped for as far as Utah Is concerned, except a change of officers with decidedly oppoiite views, and sometimes a radical change is a good thing, even if no other benefit ba derived from it than getting In new peqj lejwho arenot Initiated in aU the ways and means through which the present officials and their helps have brought about this religious crusade. WW EDITORIAL NOTES. In the first paragraph of "Scenes and Incldents,";n our laEt Issue, a sentence was omitted which rende e3 the remainder of the subject slmcst eenselefs. It was written in the journal: "By Bro. Kimball's request I went to assist Sitter Hyrum Smith to move up from the river." . w w C7 period. Bat a change is wrought. By whom? By the serpent. First ieriouely affecting Eve, becaiue she yielded to his wiles, afterwards Adam, be cause he voluntarily partook; and through these the entire creation involving consequences and conditions that are beyond the power of argument to reason away or philosophy to disperse ' no matter how profound. The flat of thVAlmlghty (Jehovah) goes forth read the third chapter of Genesis from tne ninw to me nineteentnverses, laclusive. Nearly six thousand years ofur time has elapsed since then, exhibiting humanity, In fact all creation, In every possible phage and com - The young ladies of Bear Lake Stake have Issued a small magazine entitled, "The Literary Garland," representing the Y. L. M. I. A. of that Stake of Zion. Miss Libb Laker, EJitor. It if published at St. Charles, Idaho, and bears the motto, "Knowledge is Power." The copy shown us by a friend is No. 2, Vol. 1, published July, 1834, and contains 20 pages. The editorial is well written and contains excellent advice to the young ladies. The ether articles of prose and poetrylare mostly from-th- e young girls of that Slake, and are a great credit to the Associations. It is a very commendable effort on the par tof the young ladies inlhaFlocali ty, and we sincerely hope their enterprise will succeed. Toll mo hna wnr1 a a n(.(nln. t the earth, to the serpent, to Eve, to Ada a? , failed In any one pwHHiiL-iieiJlb- e serpents crawl upon his belly; is there en mity bst ween him and man? Does woman still brirg fcrth insorrow?Is the ground still cursed;and does the thorn and thistle still grow spontaneously, Involving constant labor to keep In check? Docs the sweat drop from the brow of the husbandman, and does man finally die, and woman tlon The Woman's Exponent offers congratulations and would be glad to exchange. "The New Era," successor to "Our Herald," to-d- is now publhhed in Chicago, Elizabeth Baynton Herbert, well kaown to our readers and to generally as one of the representative women of America, is the editor. I t is In rquare magazine form and contains sixty-tw- o pages, is published monthly. The articles are all from the pens of able writers; and we think it one of the very best 'womens, papers of the present time, when there are many that are good.. These journals and magazines In the hands of thoughtful and intelligent womsn are doing a vast amount of good, more than we can enumerate. They reach all classes of society and are sowing not only in g )o3 ground, ba t broadcast, muoii precious seed that will spring into bud, blossom and fruit in .due time for the advancement of the human family. -- misfortune, marriage a condition of subordina tion and maternity a curee." And condoning with the words, "that In true religion there is .'neither male nor female, bond nor free, but all ' are one." , , I am writing now not forthe purpose of pro voking discussierfMfth the estimabl a ladle3 of the East who earnestly advocating and working for the rights of their eex, but for the women of Mormondom, who, above all the refit of womankind, have need to understand correctly the relation that man and woman, especially husband and wife, sustain to each other; because their religion (which Mrs. Stanton aftir wards claimed had a debasing tendeney) teach ts some principles which, if true, involve eternal con8equencss, but if false, then are we most grossly deceived. What are the fact? Adam was the first man and Eve the first woman; no matter whether she came In company with him or followed af-- ter. We find the two together living in har? mony and peace;. we hate no record of contention, iealousy. or distrust manifestinc itself dur. Jng their entire residence in the Garden of Eden. Although history is silent In regard to the time they spent together in this happy state, yet it is evident from records that seme time did elapse, also that they were familiar with the Almighty and received visits from Hira during that than the power on the throne." It is thought now that the members Of Pres. Cleveland's Cabinet will be Bayard, Stcretaiy of Errata. 15, especially too? the-publi- c ay All nature answers with one united voice, "Tia true." , Now we come to one little clause contained In the text: "Thy desire shall be to tby husband, and he shall rule over thee." Shall we patienU ly submit to ail the rest because we are unable to alter and fight against, protest, ignore, and finally defy the Almighty to pronounce these words? No. We will accept of the pensl'y in its entirety, for it is a ptnalty. We 111 sutm t to the ordeal and thank God for the privilege, becaa?e it Is the road to life, Immortality and eternal glory. But this rule of man, in what does it consist? Can its powers be defined? Is woman necessarily man V slave; is there left to . her no right to reason, no power of choice? 