.;;.v 'LjJ-- Ii': The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Jtights of'the Women of all Nations. -- ' - ' 11 MY LUNAR LETTER. Something I've lost,that threw o'er life a charm, Something that fed me with "convenient food," That kept the springs of life both fresh and warm, Something that helped jo keep me rich and good.- - i i ' f : ' Augusta Joyce Crocheron. : ' ' . EXPECTANCY. f We spoke too meaningly to speak amiis, We meant too well to dream, we could offend; Each heart was laden wjthjt$own Sweet blissr"-7-TAn-d as the thought arose was quickly penn'd. And thus, thdugh distance severed, we were near, Though sight, or touch, or hearing all were mute;' ' Autumn past, bold winter deepens, Still I watch and wait in vain, Yearning in my human weakness For his coming once again. Spring came tardy, drear and gloomy, Bringing scarce one ray to cheer; Now 'tis past irrall its beauty, .. 'Yet I wait his voice to hear, . . . . . June; the first glad month of summer, Waneth toward the last fair day-- Still I'm waiting for his coming, Though he wanders far away. Messengers of earth have (ailed me, Still hope whispers, "Do not feari" As thine heart for love is yearning, So thy dear one's draweth near. - Silence that speakst alasl alas! 'Tis vain to doubt the bitter truth Life's sweet elixir ne'er can pass - . Againmy lip, preserving youth. " Yes, all is silent now, the luteunstrung, The hand has dropt that struck the chords so long The song has ceased that was so sweetly sung, My lunar letters to the past Delong. Came the meeting and the parting, Darkness lifted, light passed on, Like unto the swift appearing Of a meteor at dawn. Hannah T. Kikc. Salt Lake City. CHILDREN OF'ZION. 1 . Eden, Floateth echoes of a song. Like the rairibow arch at even, Bringing gladness after storm. July, 1885. . - . A look that his faultless spirit knew, And ever the same it told' . . Love of pleasure and love of self And love of the shinmg'gold. SILENT COMMUNINGS. Over the lonely cry and prayer, - ' In homes made desolate, , Over the reckless song and oath Behind the prison gate, The song and laugh of the thoughtless world, Heartless and deaf as fate. y-- . While those who'd fed them "bread of JuV' Tasted the prison fare, Thse feasted on earth's choicest food, Flaunting in garments rare, And e'en fraternal greetings change V ith such as placed them there. O heedless children of the Saints! How long for you must wait The patience of deserted love . ' - sublime-mysteries- So we clasp love's priceless token, Mark the summer passing by; Flowers bloom, and fruitage golden. Singing o'er "sweet bye and bye." L. M. Hewlings. The angel saw where'er he looked On faces young or old, And folly faster flew. - - As from fairest fields of Out of the cloud draped heights above A watching spirit leaned, Out from the throng of human souls A heavy sheaf he gleaned, For the harvest field of life was large, And.tares in the wheat were screened. For in the eastern skies arose Dark clouds that nearer drew, Afar the muffled thunder rolled, Or lightnings flashed to view; Vet still no warning ear they give, ' . ORIGINAL And thus we traveled on from year to year. Striking sweet chords upon the heart's own lute! Oh, can it be? my heart cannot Receive as truth the bitter word Three decades saw me ne'er forgot. 'Tis fit thro' silence it is heard, '". elf-knowled- O, hasten homeye heedless lambs, Listen the Shepherd's voice,- While thunders roll.and foes may rave, :zrr Safe in the fold rejoice; And answer,; guile, or threat, or wound, " The kingdom is our choice." For the Exponent- - ' ly one of the studies of the human mind, as it is one of the essentials of When attending a lecture of this kind, the intelligent mind 13 shocked at its own ignorance, and at once determines to enter upon an anatomical study, by attending lectures and i by reading and reflection7 that we may, at any rate, gain an insight of how "fearfully and wonderfully we are made." Not only the grind structure is to be studied, but we mnst pass into the secret chambers of that mysterious organism, and there behold how intense has been the almighty fashioner, that nothing should be wanting for the happiness and comfort of this being, "only a little lower than the angels" there we shall behold the minute,but : most important germs of imm.ortal life, which we need to behold through a microscope in their minuteness, yet all in a grand perfection, complete, essential and practical. This is a temple that all should enter, taking "their shoes from ofF their feet," and tho finger on the lip, for it is "holy ground," for the observing, thinking and devout mind realizes that God himself is there! Blind indeed must be the eye, and dark as Erebus the mind that cannot dweern Him in this mysterious form and structure. On entering into the presence of these , the ermine falls to the ground, the purple robe is forgotten, the jewels become d i m , feeling we' stand in nudity i n thatnwful presence; not humbled, in the common acceptation of the term, but simply silenced by a grand and stupendous mystery! Thought prompt3 the conviction that the Almighty Maker has fashioned and wrought out that sublime, that beautiful structure for an immortal existence. Yes, immortality is imprinted upon every part of it, because every ' part is perfection1. South Bountiful, July 2nd, 1885. A long, sweet poem er was traced , Upon those lunar sheets for me; That time nor distance e'er defaced, But only made our souls more free. co-- ; That guardeth long and lite? Return, ,the dark hour cometh on And swirgs the Shepherd's gate. ., But such a one as few sit down to write, That summon'd a response that made me better, . By teaching me with wisdom to indite i My other self and I have, had a long colloquy this evening upon many .deep and important subjects,upon which it is good to ruminate. I believe the meditations were caused by attending, a few days before, Doctor Ellis Shipp's lecture. After we ceased our cogitation, for the time being, I tried to recall some of the ideas, and make them palpable for my own especial benefit, and, perhap3r for some others who mav read them, so I promptly summoned my private secretary (my pen), who is always within reach of my hand, and I, dictating, we set to work to make palpable some of these reflections. We entered upon them by observing what a marvelous piece of mechanism the human organism presents to the eyest of the astonished beholder! When we began to study it, whether in the mental or corporeal, we found both equally startling in their complex machinery; we decided that here was visible the very hand of Godf thegrand architect and builder of this wonderful and mysterious Btruc-turwe felt that anatomy ought to bo certain e; And what are the meditations that follow this inspection? Do F not behold myself in beholding this? Does it not hold up to the reviewer a mirror on which is written thyselfI and have we been ignorant of the perfection God has given us? and do we treasure it as the temple of the Holy One? do we never abuse it, and wilfully orv thoughtlessly injure, or perhaps destroy it as a thing of naught? We look abroad and see deformity in this once perfect structure, caused, perhaps, by accident, perhaps by wickedness in persons, or their progenitors. Ob! how sad, how mournful," after beholding perfection, to turn our eyed upon disease and distortion! God, forgive all Thy pure eyes see amiss in- - Thine erring creatures; enable them to see wherein they err, and to increase in knowledge, wisdom and understanding, that, above all things they may "never desecrate the perfect temple which Thou hast fashioned for heir immortal spirit to dwell in, while it so-- j urns on ThiDe earth in thid probation. And well may. we believe, and know that this perfect form, with its immaculate, its sublime, its holy and mysterious apparatus cannot perish, but within its most secret chambers lies the hidden spark of the eternal fire, from off the eternal altar of our God, which cannot be extinguished; though the corruptible must put on incorruption, that eternal spark shall never be dimmed, and shall again b ignited by the breath of the Eternal and Omnipotent Architect, and shall have power to attract the particles pertaining to it, and will again stand forth in its own grand identity and immortal bein?. ; The apostle of old said, "Know ye not that your bodies r are the temple of the Holy r 