WO plcturei are followed by Prof. O. L. Fowler', hia brother, U, N. FowJer, hi tlster, 3rin Fowler Well", her hte bUiband, Prof. H. WeIJy then Nab um Capen L. L. D. and These 1 et arerwell tni favor: Xilson filz r ably known to the worlil as able expoundera of the how wel rec)go?zxl idence of Phrefeidg'.' There are other pictures of noted men, famous balldJnRS, otc. It is a mere than iieual'y inter-Htto- g in m or, cmtaining a brief history of the jf.uriift.ntelf, keches of its editor, and po on; "phenomena of Immortality," by John Waugh, "The Great V Jtton Ojut snnlal," with illm'r. lions and other inatrcetive articles. It la one of the best magaz'nes in the world.- We have aho to thank tha publishing house of Fowler and Wells for another very entertaining and uieful book, entitled, "The Fallacies In pf0grea3 and Pov arty' The book is by William Hanson- - Price SI 00. It is a review of Henry George's "Progress and Poverty," Henry Donning Mac'eod's VOSconomlca' and other works ' on protection", free trade, the inda8trial problem, 11 -- CORRES PONDENCE. . . Thank?rmany,for the Xmaa gift you sent me, "Woman's Plice by LUlie D ivereu Blake, coatainlng four lectures In reply to the Lenten Lectures on "Wcmir," by the Dix D. D., I have read it with mich pleasure and information. Hhe has answered his arguments and wonderful aseertlons in fnch a clear, truthful and erudite manner that if h does not respond to them all must deefda he considers them unanswerable; she asserts nothing bnt what every candid mind must en dorse as truth, which all mayjsenojrjind understand, if they hold their mind3 open to conTo-day- ," Rev-Morg- an cultured, well educated being, that abe be able to Inform ihe minds of her children from their earliest earth-li.'and, indeed, to understand haw toedtcite the tnte-nata- l existence; at this point the Intelligence of motherhood should commence, and it Is a sub- lime study, in whlchtbe young female mind should be instructed as an imperative portion of be a know-enoug- her early training. -- . to ai : . ucder-standin- h qner-ously.excla- im, to-da- - I often fee), when ignoranre teems to overwhelm me, and there seems so much to learn, that we tcarce know how to live till we are under the necessity. of dying !. Dr. D x, with all his collegiate education, muat have become a fossilized being, belonging to several past egei, fiurtly he admire Emerson.the poet and philoso pher of America, let him hear what he ssy i : "A. certain awakened, consciousness of Inferiority hi the Hi n miy have given riie'to the notawuken. chivalry In bahalf of 'womaa'd rights Certainly, let her be as mach better placed la the laws and in aojlal forms as the mast zaalousreformer cm ask, but I confide so entirely ia her inspiring, musical nature, that I believe only herself can show us ho w she shall bs ervedr .The wonderful generosity of her tentlmenU raises her at times iato heroic and Go Hike regions,: and verifies' the pictures of Minerva, Jano and others; by the firmness by which she treads her upward path, and she convinces the"oarsest calculators that another road exists, than that which their feet knows." I watild like to go on, for that which follows Is "o truly beautiful, real zing all that the heart of oman looks for la man, that there ought to b& be not one of thete. Oh, let us walch! that we conviction will reA mind always kept open to be brought. ceive truth by whatever hand it may indestruc-fbk- ; Is diamond and the gold, It Like fl will andlnch a snind, Ignited;by its lame and obey that tbdlling bereadyeven to hear cometb, go ye voice, "pehold the Bridegroom , out to meet Hin !" te new - j "r -- r; Hannah Bait Lake Ci'y, Jan. 5tb, T. Ka.. 18S5 THE WORLD'S EXPOSITION. New ORLFASs;Li.,DCf9tbl16S4. - Editor Exponent: - tUtab.. Oa caching thl, c.ty, and exhibit in mida m move towardaan Woman', ExpoBltlcn in h. WW -- ; To-day- ." edge and dally observation muat (ell them how necessary, how important it Is that sheehoull household empldymt ut and home iudiHtriee; in ' ehoft txmake en xbibit that rafiy abow her steady advance, bvation and cultivatiop- -; It nuny stem a late time to make a move let mo assure you,and thereat of the ladleaof Utah, that it Ja not too 'e. There are many delays in aM direction!?; detentions by." rai, ttarcl'y of luoibsr for furnishing apacep, etc., to this givea one cmrsge to pak for immediate and prompt ... ho The, determination in mn r ot to see what really belongs to wc man 'a true position, is verily a problem, for It would seem their own knowl- e, Utah, paee awaiting the Worneu elves credit do thttrnf to bjfpre the opportunity riW'pt l in llteTaTurp, i c'edce, art, invention, e viction. ' 'c y-to hu-m- -- Editor Exponent: -- 1 her charccter and of her capbditie; tbey ro not aware that the very ejati in which tht y hare cnttan'ly lnarg'irated for her ftbj cticn, 1b the v ry cause of her euppoeed inferiority. From the beginning at the woilJ there have ever been womea who bav atood forth ai the orae'es of weminhood, placed "there either by birthright or clrcumstar ca, givlrg Hum's position where they could develop themeelvep, and reJeem their sex from the stigma of inferiority and almost of imbicility with which man has branded her. In such positions ehe ba shown that ahe ia capable of cxaUing and refining al30 defining that beautiful and nature, and lon most delxate-poaltthat he at all hold in re- -. gard to hV association with her; this is her pre- rcgatlve when she knows her place, tnd a trne, purr woman will held it with a tenacl'y that God baa given her. J..: The greatest men of history have left on record, for the information of the world, that all that wa worthy in them they derived from their mothers; ehowing the grandeur of their rich appreciation. Were It not that the human vo'ce has to be exercised to propel iruth and establish it, I ihouid feel it baneath the dignity of woman vision of some to attempt to clear the opaq-imaacallne minda; "God Is Hia own interpreter, and He will make ItpUin." That the time has ccme to clear the track for theprogreEeionof His men-wdaughtert, I rfjoice; that there are noble boldly, stand -- forth aa the brother and the "advicUe iof woman in her upward path that leads to emancipation, one rf thoe I bave become ecquaintcd with through hid noble book, entitled, Common Sense About Women," by T. W. Higgineon;coupled with this is" Woman's Tbefce books shoald ha found In Place 19.fi tbo libraries of all advanced mindi of the of all that century, for they contain an erjitome g need be said upon the subject, for to my it appears that one who cannot see and feel and comprehend the truths they contain must wilfully abut their eyes, and then "I cmnot fee!" Bush would not roee irom i"e uwu. b.3. peruded thooga ore minds Ala! there are many such increduJou? bnowl-edge even now when upon the earth and fCence are withdrawing the veils that euit-l- y have hitherto obscured he menUl vision; or euch prefer !darkneES rather than light;" that is it that lethargy it upon many mlnde; t y the sleep which Scripture to vividly portrajs from all slumbared and slept, ten vlrgins-th- ey could which truth, with her ever glowing lamp, , . J Df j Ajt tm e n t, 1 i ftk a the. 6 Ht oppor ttini!y to ap Ua petorMi with, the aiur iinccf t hat there aud Uie of. " etcetera. 125 a continual reiteration of it, vctey earaaDd underataodiuta aa UjXcTof fnii Jity 8t,mr to posjo; Emer6or w&n a atiritul. expounder of la wf,re:felvlcg hi8ordJDhtlon dijtcv from the chaccery :Qthpjtn,Xdm)iAM Irr, It J MfftU Jred, wh'y man .... has ao tens clou Jv atrucled in tub irdinate woman! , It muat arie frcm an entire igncraoce. Ct)olte '.' AN 'S EX P ON KNT M ' 1"U. ' '.. '.. - 011 all the earnest, appreciative, talented and cb operative women together, and tee bow much good work can be done in the shortest time, and I wilkdo all in my power here for you towards the care Of goods .entrusted, and bio to it that thev have" a proper installation. In Literature There m iat bi some shining HghtP,'wbo, if tbty .have not publiehed a book, )ave ahortstcries wiltten for pa era and maga--- z Colle3'.i)n8. in crap Uooke, and loaned ne8. for the lime, would M l the gap. If any works are issued, all the bstter. 1U iU"'ik'' IUCJO --colrsrcrayon"ptcture8, JJUl s Ri i o i i- jpoodcai tI -- n g ,etch io g on gli83, etc;, needle work, fancy, o n amental and practical; screen painting, carte!; aud rug ing, etc, etc. mak- , Who has made a collection of the plantrofljLah, i'a mineral?, bids imec'.p, etc ? Invention must have claimed the attention of some one or niorr, no matter how eimple if Ia Bcienci practical. Tndnstriafl of ailkinda auitable to women, feucliaa canning fruit in glaap, Tr. V1. tinWmnnfi and "dried fruits, bea fArmtnz. atllt raUlua, vrb.i can ba madt? This outline, in brief, I venture to give an idea of what mny be desired and desirable, in ca?e the ladies of Utah respond; and allow me to ia made, it add, thaf, as the collection of nrticJes of each box, ia desirable to duplicate the invoice name of aending a duplicate to me. Have the eac'icont!ibutOr marked upon a label and attached to the article. If to bs sold, its value. When sold, at the close of tje Exposition, the of the good?, after inoniy will be tent Instead of deducticg 10 rer cent, ah express regulationeent the Wonnn'd Department. The goo is to b marked "Wvman'a by q lick freight, p!atnTy World'a Exposition, New Orleans; for Mr?. J. G. Lemmon " Transportation to and from the Exposition, all ntcessary the c st of installation of goods and t the Dapart-men- t expanses here will ba defrayed y of Women. 1, my- You may recall Prcf. J. Or Lemmon in b?autiful to city visit your self on a brief we participated in celebratlDg the 1831, when at the old 90lh anniversary df R shop Hunter in Arifclss' picnic. East season in botanizmg at th zona jvemade our botanic headquarters 7o7mr homa of Elder John W. Younir, and well acthere had the pleasure of becoming who made the quainted with Elder Segmiiler, in while ex-hlb- Ua Da-partme- nt, exploring hospitalities doubly pleasant, the Ban ran- and about the bauti'ul region of : chco Mountains. ; " my thoughts Par oa this pleasant dlgrcasion-work ahead; .d are none the le s alive to the go with promptness, and If you al', over there, act to ciXr the a I know you will esteem it privilege ror a guuu beat ar.d do what you can Are ncrnj his truly great Worl.', Exposition. here? If you could, over 0r you supervision, all take the goods under immediate th&Vwha4ever I bBtter. A'low me to siy, of re- lm or may do,Ireceive not a dollar doing, 