37 WOMAN'S EXPONENT A.I1absent - fathers, thrown into; prison" for a principle" "my thoughts run back to my starling point. The - of their religion; henee it has for us a speaking American chieftain "sleeps .well, after life's fitful principles that adorn thy sex, thy nurne shall fever is ended." If he has earned a crown, he never be erased from the Lamb's book of life. and seems to acknowledge the cloud A application, And if thou wilt ask Hhou ahalt receive in- Mhat is hovering ovetour otherwise beautiful at- - wilt assuredly wear one eternally, and that, he may ieiugeuc peruumug to mo Kiaguom oi uuu; Sgf&ibatraiid allots "appendages,! is", tHe thfi mospherc. T hpftvpna and rhf earth shall tin hnsnm iLeirheartfelt prayer of one who is a unit in the family : Weare prepared to mourn. Tneliearrs deep biessmgslinto thee;; thou Bhalt have the blessfountain is full. and. therefore, is tasily broken up, I of Cod, ing and gift to speak in:, wisdom and act in Han'nah T. Kino." and tears fall readily. My tears have fallen as I prudence," thy example shall be worthy of imi- read the last scenes of the mighty dead, America's July 24th, 1885. tntinn' in fhA rffl'norhfpra nt .irn- - mul it ffirni the renowned and chieftain warrior, earthly great wilt listen- - to - the voice of wisdom - leng th of- savior of. his country, as hisjvarlike achievements LOGAN TEMPLE. colors of our country testify; hence, the half-maFTTiave the blessins to see the winding up scene 1yriTi jamA ntArla m hie 1rec Pursuant to the 'provisions of theArtieleof -- of this generation; peace and tranquility rewas one of those deep souls whose lives are stored toman. Thy blessing shall be handed Incorporation, of "The Logan , Temple Associa thinking. Silence was his motto, when tion" the directors of the same, prepared and down to thy posterity from generation to generahe spoke it was to command obedience'to the s at a meeting recently tion, and thou shalt have the blessing to return adopted a code of plans he had concocted, which were framed to called for that to the land of thine inheritance. And thou will more purpose; these ' win. ; shalt have the. blessing to see Ephraim crowned, thoroughly assist to carry into effect the object In life, he vas applauded and appreciated not and and to wait upon the table in a day when a designs of the Association. On Monday, -amply-testewas This the of meed the fpfust. nf fftt. thino great. always nrp nrpnarp1. Thnn ehftlr. 13th, 1885, the .'annual meeting of the mem July when on his circumnavigating trip; everybers was held in the basement of the Logan Taber sing the song of. the redeemed. And I ask where he received a royal welcome. Royal salutes God my Heavenly Father to enlighten thy s nacle at which the were read. The rehis vessel in the the arrival of announced nations' mind, to guide thee in the days of thy yuuth, port of the directors was presented and received. harbors. England was especially prominent in and lead thee ia the path of piety, and virtue had conveyed It set, forth that the Trustee-in-Truthese royal demonstrations. When entering all the days of thy life, and when thy Savior the legal title 0 the Temple and grounds to the shall make His second advent crowns of glory Buckingham Palace the sovereign laid aside the various branches that of instructors Incorporation, shall be sealed upon thy head, aDd let the honsevere etiquette of centuries, and met him in the of learning had been appointed, viz: James Z. or and glory be giyen to God and the Lamb, vestjbule at the "top of the stairs," and, herself, Moses Thatcher Civil Stewart, theology; Apostle forever and ever, amen and amen." escorted him to the seat of honor prepared for Lan- Wm. and H. Government; Apperley,Science Times were hard and we were very destitute, him! Henri Quarte of Charlemagne could have A. Leishman, History; Charles W. James guage; having been robbed and driven frorri our receiveoHrogTeTnational honor! as a brother and Domestic Political Nibley, Econbmyj'John homes and possessions so many times, and havsovereign he was entertained throughout the visit. is Natural E. It Carlisle, expected Philosophy. Even his daughter, of eighteen only when she ing had much sickness after wecametoNau-voo- , will at once be formed in the foregothat classes and being afflicted in various ways, conse chose to visit England, shone by reflection from lectures delivered upon topics ueea-t- o ing extreme poverty. feceived by a quently Jier mighty sjre,andshe-was-als- o embraced within their purview. was Mother at j good turning her handto a.1- royal salute as soon as she entered the nationa A lecture room has been fittedjup in theJemple, most anything. She got an eld stock, such as harbor as one born in hepurple and draped in which will assemble the various classes conwore at their necks at that time,nripped it men she During Jier visit Jn ... England from time to time, to take . ' J r. up, to learn how it was made,and then obtained '.l aue J.wun prt in the was aiso received nonors at tne Uueen s templated reexercises that may be assigned them by their a block and went to work making stocks to sell. drawing rooms. Perhaps an American can scarceIn that way she earned a little to keep her spective instructors. During the7 past year uply realize how very distingue all this is in the wards of one hundred volumes of standard family. My sister Eliza and myself were the appreciation oT the English. "And perhaps they oldest of the children, and it seemed necessary chiefly of an historical character, have been the grand old country is pretty . can; for I believe home-made 'book case that we should do something toward earning a " collected, and an elegant well understood in this enlightened 19th century. for them. This is a very fair beginning "living. Eliza had Jearned the, tailor's trade These honors were tendered to the daughter of provided while in l?ar west, and was a good seamstress; for an excellent library, which will be indispenthe man England delighted to honor. Some may she had no difficulty in obtaining work; but I, sable to the growth, and development of the Ascurl the lip. at all this, but none will who have what could I do? I had learned to wash dishes, sociation. ever experienced it, for it is always given in so to sweep and scrub a puncheon floor, and such The incorporation having no assets, it being grand, so noble1, and so genial a manner, that I like things, and the only chance that seemed purely an institution q learning, and ' not one of should pity the heart and brain that were not ig- to be for me was to go out to work. We would pecuniary profit, it is expected that the Saints -nuea Dy tne understanding, and apprethink and talk upon: thi3 subject day after day, generally will contribute liberally for the further ciation they were capable of. 1 1 and adornment of the grounds, the and think cried a little, lor the thought of ueam, mat grand leveller ot all has now done improvement leave to home to me was terrible. having of literary apparatus, and donate books purchase his work upon our While thing?, with us, were in this condition, Tears have been shed for the sufferings ofhis last days; he has suitable to the character of the institution. Sister Einraa sentfor me to come and live with an association of this character has been That her and nurse her baby. It seemed as if the iuc ajriupduiy 01 nations ano or tneu crowned established should call forth the aid and support heads ; for the good and the noble among them Lord had opened up my way, it was so unexof the Saints,, and is reason for ogratification ; (and they are not a few) realize more than is generpected, and nothing could have suited me betall lovers will of It a among learning. open up ally believed how fraiLithe texture by which ter, for tending babies was my delight. My field will which instruction be -- sister ,of ofincalculable Eliza,- - also, went there to lie, which they hold their eminefice and that at the terminabenefit to who all will in an it. interest take Ex. made it pleasanter for me and more "home-liktion of their longesr reign, death and the grave A. . James Leishman, Secretary. await thern equally with the humblest of their Joseph and Emma were very kind to us; they were almost like a father and mother, and I .. subjects. loved Emma and the children, especially the The last words of Charles the First to his ' baby, little Don Carlos. young son, a few h'burs before his sad death, conf They gave me the privilege of attending stitute a short sermon that ought to be written in OP EMILY D. P. YOUNG. a schoolthat summer,xtaught by Brother and gold ; also those of James the 2nd, the exiled Howard Sister Coray This was the last of King of England. Yes, indeed, even among Continued. . my going to school. What little education I crowned heads we find the grandeur and nobility have got I received in the log cabin schools, as of the Christian. The thoughtless mind looks On the 3rd of February, 1841, The Patriwo were roaming about, being driven from upon their exalted position, with envy and repining arch, Isaac Morley, came to our house and place to place; but I have gained an experience and often with cfoubt as to the justice of the "King gave us each a patriarchal, or father's blessing. that money cannot purchase. A of Kings" not considering that ..with -- all their Mine was as follows: 7 ,: On the loth of lo4i, the baby,Don "Sister Emilv. I lav mv hands unon thvj Carlos, died. JohnAugust, grand surroundings, they also must find happiness C. Bennett made it his withintheir own bosoms or they can never pos- - head, in the name of Jesus of Nazareth, and 1 home at the " Prophet's house at this time. He sess it. The grandeur and the seal head father's a Kotupon of the thy to wa3 blessing. greatness thought be quite a great man, and had world cannot give it. History shows what mar withstanding thou art an omhan child tho cnnsiderable influence for good; but afterwards heavens and the earth are stored with blessings turned tyrs many of. them have been, and often we'read traitor, and sought to injure Brother for thee. how nobly they endured. Joseph by publishing falsehoods. He secretly Thou hast embraced the fulness of the everGod is just and one day this will be demonstraworked for his destruction, and once, when the in the of lasting Gospel and Nauvoo Legion were having a sham battle, he ted to all. days thy youth, in the morn of thy life; laid-hi- s is name tb have the Prophet slain, but thy registered But I lift up my in the heavens. The angels rejoiced over thee Brother plan detected eyes and see the half-mait, and frustrated his Joseph colors with their mournful lyhen thou wast born into the accompaniment and of r7 - - t . . T-T;- st a.-- 4 k-- -t f T- -f i ab-sorbe- din by-law- by-!av- vs r . d by-law- st . d dejpaj-tjjsjin- e-were-red with-"roarerrhi- ' T 1 au-tho- n, , , e. - -- . autobiography - ' : " - st kingdom thy wicked design. 