WOM AH'S-EXP- ENT. ON 4U :balhatt"d" Jlargaret P. Young of Salt Lake lii!h04 are -- Hnprovintf,' ntvl-nnm- rr are naimni: :..fur thcmsi'lvfM a t;jijinOijyjjflbe- - X'ityilalibtrBarijeriaji rIOOtf-lliti-Ciojrt- tci airrereWirto The I'roohet "Hmithfleld beridea &everal other visitor-;-th- e ward authorities, Sister Myra "Merrill, Pmt. of the Relief Society, her Counselors and a great many of the parents of the children. After the opening exercises the minutes of the fifth annual meeting were read and ap proved; also tbe fitatisticai ahU financial repg ; ; oitne past year. The officers for the. ensuing year were presented by Bishop Wrn. L.Skidmore as follows: Joseph in these laH days. The Primary Conference wa held on the eH. KUh. Quite a nuiuber ol th parents, ra e arK were aR') "as-thchildren, were present, retried by President John I). T. MeAIiister.as well as theStake President pj the Primary As-- , sociation, Sister; Julia II. Tviris, arid others. The children neera to appreciate the instrup-tiogiven to them in their Primary meeting, and take a lively interest fn f)reparjnJheiiL exercises and rendering them in a creditable . -- : 1 -- maiv-AIIs- ; . bless the whose those care to give --- rr their . . 1 - - - UTA II STA K E. " . The Relief Society of Utah County met in conference May 29th. 188o,r President Mary John presiding, with Counselor Emily G. Cluff. Present of. the Priesthood , A postknr John Henry Smith and F. M. Lyman; President A. 0. Smoot, Counselor D. John and ofhers. Visitors from Salt Lake City, Sisters Wells and Lucy WrJvimball. Conference opened by singing and prayer. Minutes of former conference read and approved. The resignation of' Sister. Khoda Lyman, Second Counselor to President Mary John, was read and accepted; a vote of thanks was also given Sister Lyman' for her services. The presidents of the various branches of the -- Soctyloughout to the upon report tions over which' they. thecouutywere-calle- respective organiza- psjdelAllJhatwere present responded ih"Xv?rTsatisfactory manner, reporting, as a general thingjaith and good works, and a desire to live humble and prayerful, and remain faithful to the end, that they might gain salvation. in the world to comei ' Sister E. B. Vells made many comforting and encouraging remarks to the sisters, them to faithfulness in every duty, especially in the .training: of their children, etc. thought we need not be cast down, we have plenty of bright days to dook'forward to, etc. Apostle John H. Smith spoke to the sisters for ahj3xtJrime. when nftm- - ht net in cp onTT prayer, conference adiourned till two n.m. Afternoon sessibu. Conference met per Opened with singing and prayer. President A. O. Smoot said he would now proceed to fill the vacancy caused by the resigua- . uuu vi oiscer linoaa iymau, and as Sister John had chosen Sister Marilla M.Daniels to be ner becend Counselor, he would call a vote to that eiiect. the vote was then called and carried unanimously. President Smoot spoke in terms of approbation of the sisters cf the Relief Societyof their willingness at all times to respond toll calls" made upon them by the Priesthood, etc. . Counselors ClufT and Daniels spoke a few words; also Sisters E. B. Wells and L. W. Kimball, follmved by Apostle F. M. Lyman', with very instructive remarks. our conference was a feast to all, andAltogether the Spirit of God was with us. President John made the closing remarks endorsing all that Jiad been said, and praying the Lord to bless each and every one. Conference adjourned- - for three months, binging. Benediction by F. M. Lyman. 0. Daniels, Secretary. I " ex-.horti- ng nt. RICHMOND, CACniJ CO. The sixth annual meeting of the Rich mond iDmary Association was hpfd In th nevr ' ibm m pnm mam Pnm&h h 111 y- d TfrimbeloT&tPrzzf Allsop. We, the members of the Primary Associa- - finn falrp nlpnnro in PYnrpssinnr nnr InvA nnA good will toward ?nf0if " Relief esid e n t -l a ry. Monsonand" Pr : Battenberg, i'lt ,wa - invitation of the by7" pecial the son an'r namesake of Mr. Linantagon kt Stephen ADougia?, who coln's old said iq hii speech on Memorial Day;, 'God never made a' better man than Abraham Lin- ' "Silk culture will be a feature of summer work flt the Woman's Prison at Sherbjrn, Mrs. Ellen Mas?.Tbere"tb JoJinjojiitilL -- youth of Zion, a n d training is en- trusted the jfaithfulnes and perseverance necessary for their important duties. M. A. G. Baker. - r-- Maggie V. Thompson, Counselors; Satje JL Pettyr Secretary; Ja.nJIreiAsdstant-Sebr- e tary; Byrtlie Harrison, Treasurer; Libbie A. 'Merrill, Organist. All were unanimously sus tained. The' programme, consisting of sons, recitations,' addresses, etc., wa3 very well ren dered. Jane Hyer, in behalf of the members of the Association, presented Siste: Mary' Allsop with a beautiful dress pattern, with materials ready for making up, accompanied by the following address: ' jnanner,.. May the Lord p o tb- - . n -- Th vuuu l-h- ; - yu::on this occasion, for the UuotoUn .'n o,i B you to accept this small present as a token of our love' and esteem.- - May the blessings of peace, comfort and health attend you; are the wishes of the members of this Association. Sister Allsop was taken entirely by surprise, and responded with a brief address of . thank s. ' I Sisters Barber, Kimball, Young and Wil Jiams, Bishop Wm. L. bkidmore and Counsel or Hyer made short addresses, encouraging the children to be diligent in their labors in the Association. After closing exercises meeting adjourned for one year. Financial and Statistical report for the June, first, 1884, and ending year beginning June 1st, ' 1885. Officers, 7; members, 205; total, 212; average attendance, 110; meetings held, 49; cash in treasury from previous year, $1.25; cash received from members during the -- . "The bill requiring. temperance, physiology and hvcieue to be taught in the oublic schools wa3 pa33ed ia the Massachusetts House of .Re- presentatives, last lhursday by a vote or lpl to 1. The women who have worked so faithfully for that excellent measure deserve great credit for this unexpected triumpb." , "The Woman's National Press Association was organized at New Orleans, May 13th,l885, 3IrsEridiol30Ti7itxrnl the New;. Orleans Picayune, was elected president; Mrs. Marian McBride, of the Boston Pod, recently elected are Mrs. Florence Adkinson, of the Indianapolis Sentinel, Mrs. L. M. Pavy. of the St..Loui3 Republican, Jfi33 Mary McMullen, of n Tiines. London, of the Vice-presiden- ts . Anglo-America- Patents have been issued to women during the week ending May 19. as follows: Henrietta H. Dangerfield, Harrisburg, Va., Ad lustable Keversible Jb Meat Mary J. Holt, San Francisco, Cab, ' and Provision Safe . Carrie F. Marsh, Detroit, Mich., Adjustable Clothing Stilfener. Annie E. Sawyer, Charlestown, Mass., Skirt Protector. oot-rest- .- . VERIFICATION OF AN ANCIENT PROVERB. The following prophecy is laid tohave been delivered by a British bard, in the time of William the N'orman, and preserved by some monkish annalists, viz: ;Jlliat4ift.me4hatrhree--TnTiafchTT- r succession year, should ever again reign over these kingdoms without some ' tainraent, $64; total, $73.40. : Disbursements. violent interruption. To new meeting house, $53-25- ; for .j expended Following is the succession of sovereigns: ' "n x. i. ou; iund,-emigration rriiuary enieriammeni, i William the Norman, 2 William Rufus, 3 Henry the $3; martyr's fund, $2; paid for cards, $4.75; to First; interrupted by the usurpation of Stephen. Stake Presidency, 50; Primary hymn books 1 Henry the Sec.0ncl. 2Ed ward the First, 3 Edward the- and writing materials, $1,15; total expended, -Second; interrupted by the abdication alrd murder of $65.15; cash on hand, $8.25; property on hand, Edward the Second. $5. W. r Edward the Third, 2 , Richard the Second; interrupted, Maggie Thompson, tern. : . by the deposition of that monarch. Secretary pro. 1 Henry the Fourth, 2 Henry the Fifth, 3 Henry the Sixth; interrupted by the restoration of the House of , 88JJ)ashjiFxdJrm T! a . York,' NOTES AND NEWS. "Elizabeth Fry is to have - ' - Edward the Fourth, 2 Edward the Fifth, 3 Richard the Third; interrupted by the usurpation of Henry Richmond. 1 Henry the Seventh2 Henry the Eighth, 3 Edward the the election of Lady Jane Gray, Sixth; interrupted by I Mary, 2 Elizabeth; a foreign king (James of Scotland) called in to assume the crown. 1 James the First, 3 Charles the First; interrupted by the deposition of that monarch, and the establishment of another form of government, in the person of Oliver Cromwell. 1 Charles the Second, 2 James the Second; interrupted by the abdication of that king, and the election of a foreigner. I W illiam the Third, 2 Anne; interrupted by the parlia. mentary appointment of a foreigner. " I" the 2 the First, George Goorge Second, 3 George the Third; interrupted by the unfortunate incapacity of that sovereign, and a parliamentary appointmenf for exercising the sovereign, itl th person of the Prince Regent. X Oecrgo tha Fourth, 3 William the Fourth, 3 VUtoriA .h First whom mar li t3 lh nnti bifi; hut 1 a monument." Mrs. James Bennett edits a woman suffrage column in a newspaper of Richmond, Ky. - . "Sixteen women graduated this year from the medical department of the Iowa State Univer- sity. ; . "Miss Blanche Blanchard has excuted and exhibited a fine crayon picture of Hon C. A. Burke." "Mrs. Warner, a sister of the late W. Brandt Storer, has on exhibition at Doll fe Richards' a finely executed plaster basrelief of George Eliot." "A California lady baa disdoVerfd a process for preserving the JuiCca nf f Ilfotlf fruiti with . 06 ht . ' . 