W OM .. J1 ererc taiihtui raMierrm srKir secure ratir should she devote her time ,of v .. I pity the.woman that feels that the care and raining of children is a burden, an" irksohial: ;5K,iid who gives into the handi of the stranger that labor to be performed, which 1 -- should be the greatest joy-o- f her life. In proportion as this duty is neglected, so will mothers feel condemned when5 they' see the re- suit of such neglect in their unworthy children.. Butijou Id; such- - neglected children" develop worthy traits. and honorable lives the reflection must come to her that it is the result of other causes than her motherly care and judicious training. Qn the other hand, should any of her children prove recreant and unworthy she will still have the satisfaction of knowing that she ha3 done her duty, and this reflection will assuage her grief and soothe her disappoint-meu- t. St. George, Utah, April 20th, 1885. Editor Exponent: the officers and memAt two o'clock y bers of the Third Ward Rdief Society met at the residence of Father Ed3on Barney ,in honor of his wife, Sister Lillis Barney, attaining to her 80th birthday. Mother Barney,with her husband, was bapto-da- : . s. - ereditTeviErepartspraitr truth before you decide, and remember, an in- perhaps, in sportive-gossiponce attached to a person's name will remain beside it a blemish and a doubt forever. But it is too much the nature of all to speak and believe evil of another, and thus wego on dayafter day throwing stones at each other. Then let us each one, as daughters of Zion, shun such a principle, and if we have evil spoken of us walk lightly by it, and try to prove to the world it is not true; and let us remember we make our own character, and we should ever be ready to cultivate the faculties God has given us. There are girls who choose truth and honesty as a ' soul companion) and their words and actions proclaim it, and- - their feet tread the paths of virtue; it makes them pure and noble, and they are loved by know them; and . when God looks around for His jewels they are the girls His eyes rest on. From your 7. Friend and Sister, jurious rumor-originate- , d, tized into the Church in 1831, and have passed through all the persecutions and have shared in all its arduous labors and privations up to the present day, and have assisted in tbe construction, dedication, and in ministering in the Clara. Temple at Kirtland, Nauvoo and St. George. 1885. Sister Barney's children, with grand and great Logan, April 17th, number over grandchildren, seventy, v Our social gathering was honored by some A WORD FROM WEST WEBER. of our aged 'and most respected veterans, of whom were Fathers Barney, Hardy,Empy and April the 1st the members of the Relief SoPatriarch Johnson. Our meeting was opened ciety, Y. L. M. I. A., and Primary Associations, by- singing, and prayer by the Patriarch, after and a number of the brethren of the West which Mother Barney addressed the meeting Weber Ward, met at the school house to prein a feeling and" touching manner, showing her sent Prest. Mary Douglass with a small token appreciation of the honor bestowed upon her, of respect. and how much she desire 1 to bless and comfort Almost the entire company were there at the all her sisters. - She was -- followed by Father appointed hour, which made it quite a surprise Barney, whoxspoke in an earnest and feeling to her, not having the slightest idea of the promanner of his experience in the Church in its ceedings. A beautiful easy chair wa3 presented earliest days,after which Father Hardy, Empy to her by. the sisters, and the following lines and Johnson bore theirlestimonies, and by the were composed and read by Bro. Archibald Spirit of the Lord, with Jwhich they seemed filled, spoke many things to edify, cheer and To our honored President and fellow laborer, Sis comfort our hearts, and to proLounee blessings ter Mary Douglass. upon our heads. They were followed by nearly all the sisters present, who made spirited We, The members of the Relief Society, and feeling remarks, and the Spirit of the.. take pleasure in expressing" goodwill toward 1 .... T i ll uuru ncn aeeiueuJ iu rest upou an in present Xyou on this occasion, and request your accept- abundance. anceoi asmau token ot. our contiaenceand The table was then spread with everything which .we trust you may ol ten enjoy that would please the eye and cheer the heart, the res tst justly due one as efficient in every and all partook until they were satisfied, after good work as you have ever been. which we indulged in singing hymns, songs, Sister Marv xDou-lasreturned her thanks cj toasts and recitations, followed with a closing sisters for the handsome present, and address by the Patriarch, and all seemed to . tneir goodwill toward her. feel with Sister Barney, that it was a time long Tho West Weber Brass band was in attendto be remembered. All joined in wishing that ance, and played some lively'airs. The tables she might live to realize the fulBllment of the were spread with the good the earth, thingf promise made to her by the Patriarch Joseph and a bounteous dinner wa3 partaken"of which Smith Sen. that she should live to see the added much to the pleasure and comfort of the coming of the Son of man . upon the earth, in which she has abiding faith, After the dinner tables were cleared awav. ' : Hannah Nixon, President, Bishop J I. Hart and Counselor J ames F. - Agnes- - McQuarrie,-Secretar- y; Hunter and Bro. A. McFarland made some excellent remarks, suitable for the occasion. TO THE Y. L. M. I. A , BURNHAM. After the SDeakers were thronirh the Primarv children engaged in a dance. At seven o'clock To the Y. L. M. L A. of BuriiJum Ward, New in the evening the aged brethren and sisters Mexico. convened in a dance and songs. A good spirit prevailed, and all enjoyed Dear Girls: themselves. In conclusion it was a day long Having a feeling of love for you, and a de-firemembered by all present. 'y :r to bo remembered by you, I endeavor to S. Hart, Secretary, Puaii write "a few lines, which will be but little, Francis C. Ass't o d: es-teem- ip ; - s to-th- ys g) T -- x r, Mc-Farlan- - also, . word often heals a wounded heart; and remem-beone unkind word often wounds a heart." We should study never to epeak one word to hurt or injure another, and always try to speak well of every one, and be not too hasty to . - " little we should attend -- to al I t)xiTzr all-wh- -- . thingthereforo is made up of. - cause they cannot commence life with as good as to home,furnishings,appointments, etc, that are at least the equal, if not the superior, of their friends and acquaintances. To start out in life as her mother did would be humiliating in the extreme, for if the bride is a competent housewife, (which, however,is not always the case) still society demands that she employ a servant to do her work. Instead of her home being rendered doubly dear by furnishing and embellishments as the result of her own handiwork,the upholsterer and others have trifling supplielverynecessaryrexcept"a'tew nick-nackToo often the time of a vouner wife is spent in unprofitable visits, or in the. pursuit of pleasures and enjoyments that she must provide in return, no matter at what cost 1 or sacrifice, and all to satisfy the demands of society. ,, iA i coivc UU- - UU lUSill.U able card parties, as well as other sratherinirs v that are not at all remarkable for their simor their intellectual plicity, enjoyment. Some excusetheraselves rfor these indulgences be- x cause is too tame, shorn, as dancing no it is,of the fashionable (but waltz,polka and schottische,which excuse means are determined to copy after the ways of the world, and should it be forbidden in one jthin g, jvo will i ntrod uce another.- r All these things have their tendency to evil, ami woman's influence, cau bo used, if she so desire, to check the grovvth of many of these practices, and thus save much heart sorrow in x tho future. While I believe wo should seek to make home the happiest and most desirable place on thecarth, by furnishing every legitimate amusement and pleasure, yet it is at home, whereX c-- and our life . Father. ; Women and children are slaves to society, and the slavery is becoming more intolerable every day. Luxurious tastes and habit3 are evils in more ways than one. How many young people are deterred from marrying be- health-destroyin- Joseph E. Taylor. act.--, littlo duties promptly and faithfully, for the littfo acts are the elements ot true greatness, and if wo have an v good acts they are gifts from God, and should be cultivated, no matter how small they are. Even a smile or a kind -- CORRESPONDENCE. entire time is spent in providing, what we term, nice food and fine clothing for her children, andliave no spare moments in which to improve their minds and teach them the principles of eternal life.-- ' They may plead as an excuse that society demands the former at their hands, thu3 leaving no time for the latter. Then here it is . that we would ask that woman's influence be brought to bear to correct a grievous wrong, and letrthat influence be universal, for we cannot afford to sacrifice such God-liktraits at the shrine of the very fashionable demands of society; let us rather return to simple food and raiment, both of which are more healthful and more pleasing to our Hea-venl- y ' ' - faithful performance of their duty in this regard. for the tendency is in becoming too the opposite direction, and an unceasing dili- gence on our part will secure to them no more of this element than they will absolutely " : , .7. need. We might continue this subject, and I think profitably," to a much greater- length, but this is enough for one article, and the writer hopes it may receive the consideration which its im"" , portance demands. : e . bv little nottf cur-l- l ; - ; 10 K 1TNT --- Those mothers are indeed to be pitied whose . KX left exclusively to the Sabbath School, thj Priniv ary; Association, "or the preacher upon , the Sabbath dav, but let parents, in the alter life of their children, receive the credit due for a erf-prl-- :: N13 God should be taught, a well as the principles. ?olbe"vnper. culture ; sa.i. correct, training of lur r and thus secure ber future lappi-- . c 'ne&s S3 well as her present enjoyment in tne honorable,, representation such children will brisJicrv:X v:v i . e to-b- re . Hart, Secretary. e 