WOMAN'S ..EXPONENT. -- 47- Sirica this noted- - preacher, has learned 'iifcLiuiiur CiiarhjJuly iith; 18S;; iVcst. J.: P. Lindsay to.be. Wxjhou!4,k.;eg ou and much of the- spirit of the wor.ldand: Ii jiv t After of Jiy exeryiHS ;pre'sidiii'r ringing " ofvthnr world, by recklessly ditwviiigi'ik Ijii ayerti-iniiteplease previous c )ntef eticlf rights and libeHk:7;7wy mtist fo r us wuro read and was and faith, thxi wiiicu f t our Wirks7 corresp nid. accepted, Vte$iti&$im&gm lively given Wc P. were juad-told and a in to feet the f'w J. that when ..the' lVni pie w.is c d Pr.t. opening straight good Liudsay keep our in the learn mission our said he sh that much of should which she would remarks, regretted to. 'atWmi to the iiurrw. pith, o;)j)(i.lt'j spirit, promise him if he she had hot visited the jlilferciit societies' this ;poor aad:the sick; but beideV this, we should would bo as diligent in the pursuit as he has .$umroer;-- jt -- wa'thci first- time she- had failed try and assist in building, tho Stakfj Tabernacle." "..Wished t'i ri44-ilMU;..r- '..i " and a sin c they were organized. bienin the other, lie would be v v,ij uymg f S .Relu-better man. He might eTndojajejigjat ... The different brioches of iciety. savjug grain; did not wiYa t slaaken i?i Ihii lv.uVn'7. that-haare to serve God 'v,vre remrtod. a follow:' .St.. (?har!ti Proit. as St. Paul was if his . 1 in aii that hejuiJiiL Ia veu neis, .Ho well'; given aUout tiie fa:niiie. "au J in as nmch as ifci2ztfrp-jthe proapects are good tor an al;a7idaut bar- Alv Mncere prayer is that he mav become Garden City, Ann. Cjok. Lake' i'..wn, 'Am. 0. with' xrcod which the that soirit acquainted' vest, let us do all we can toward saving grain. Walstrurn; Bloomingtou, Pret. Greenhalgh; Savior said belonged to little children:, Had Paris 1st Ward, Gnu;. Margaret 2nd 7God Will Jet our enemies go as iio he died when a child ho would have inherited Ward, 'Ruth S.park?; Liberty, Jane. Tanner; fit in His wisdom. ; examine our-.- .. selves and see if we; are Sain'ta-i- j very deed; it a glory which he will lose if he does not reCottonwood, Sister Oakey. iAandoiph, WoodPre-ioris through sacrifice and afiliction that. we' are i form and .seek after the wisdom and ruff, Bennington, AloiitpeJi-irGeorgetown and Soda Springs, noc reported. The genco he so much needs'. After rooting out brought to I3 worthy of tho of hea- needs wisdom was he statisticiT ven. and financial then read and: report intelligence to iniquity, .::;::":r;;;::T'i their also the The stake stationery account was read by 'all and . value, by give things secretary. proper - Sister Sarah I. Holmes made the: secretary, whejMtvnsilt their proper place. When he can do this he very interested in.and said difference' was a there that each settlement donate' the amouut alvaiir; Ifrwill ing remarks; jwjlUhuijjha between exaltation and salvation. If w are lotted to them each .year, and send then be so happy he will'., wish to live forever, to tho and the righteous hare this promise, while the exalted we must obey a celestial law. Did not Corresponding Secretary, Julia Budgo. wicked must taste'' the second death, because feel satisfied with" a salvation only; was desirBishop. J. A.; Hunt presente I the nresidih-Pthev choose evil, though thev were made L'ood. ous to perform all the duties and responsibifi- - .officers of the stake and the different branches and choose to follow the workers of darkness, ties devolving upun her, and to gain an exalta of the Relief Society, wliich were sustained .by inthose to of light and. greater those piesent. ' The Bishop stated that be had tion in the kingdom oi God. in preference, Sister Nancy E. Pugmire spoke of tho great been hignly edified in listening to the instruc- telligence. It may be that this lecturer will tire in this pursuit and want something better. responsibilities resting upon the mothers and tions that had been given. Wo should be diliioo many oi our young people nave swaldaughters in regard to 'examples being set begent in our prayer.-- iii our donations, in looklowed this rubbish because, the gilded bait wa3 fore the little ones around them. ; ing after the poor, the sick and endeavoring to science. 'We are all lovers of science, but Sister Toomer spokeof some of tha trials comfort those in trouble.-Fejnhae- ih ' she had passed through; thought w'e should which"controh a good-timeoixr coniellcerT"" and the laws which govern the universe, shall live so as to enjoy a portion of the spirit of Bishop Wm. West felt to endorse what had we ignore the Author Of all this stupendous" G(xl, to enable us to" give good counsel to our Ibeen said; had long been con v'i need that the '7 77 nachmer jvhich moves in such perfect harsons and daughters. r .have, a great influence with young ladies-cou'no! No! Those who Prest. made know remarks Him most was fthe:ybuug;:gentlemm. "There is noihiug mony? closing Lindsay should admire and love Him best. for instruction which the forward to with more pleasure than the had good grateful The Bible has always been a source of been given. Stated the cause of her C mnselor, improvement of our sons an daughters." pleasure and satisfaction to me, because written Sister Collings, not being present; as she wa3 Bore a testimony to" the. good time we had had for our guidance when the opposite spirit apworking in the Temple, and stated that the in conference. we for must meet the4 opposite pears, inevitably Primary would meet in the afternoon. Singing. " Conference adjourned 7 untiP the second while in our sojourn here, and it. strengthens Meeting adjourned until 2 p.m. - Benediction Saturday and Sunday in January. Ciioir sang us if we know we are right. In the common an anthem-t-4lThL"rd by Elder Sutton. Bsn'pdic 2 p.m. adjourned session. .Singing. affairs of life we cannot always tell a servant tion. AL "W:u. Elder Allred. by Prayer to do the same thing at one time which would by Bishop J. A. Hunt. Sacrament adminis...Elizabeth. PrjGMiRE; Sec, be right to do at another time, but we act ac- - tered,' during which the ilO hvmn. God. the r Julia udgi, Ass't Sec. cording to circumstances, and our Heavenly P2fernal Father," was sung; after which Coun. e, Father does and ail for the good of Li. Al. Hart made a brief address; she WO AI AX'S VOICE; His erring children. , said,' "We are ignored by the world and our The Lord always gives light and intelligence rights are encroached upon more and mure ' v to a people whose hearts are right, and'minds every day, but ir we are taithftif all will be Dear Editol: pure before Him. And now, since there is a well with us. There are some who think they If I am JLt intruding too much I vould 1IL--a the earth who are determined to could do better it they had not been wronged, people upon to add my testimouy to thar of Lizziev B'g : l .. i i i xurvo tt or if some one else were in office: but v,Te shmibl uic .uesiOt,f ii. meir aoilllies, iDenold, aim iiu .1. Thoughts,'' in the Exponent of AUv Tst. how much light has been given to the human not let such considerations stand in the way of of my young sisters are about to marry If family in the last fifty years. Shall we not our keeping the commands of God. Alan y of a any Gentile, and have not read Iut "Thoughts" have bsen acknowledge xzw hand m all,; this, or shall we you who arev belore meto-dayeither in Zion or elst where I ei treat them say, my own skill did nr gathered from .the four quarters of the earth, in -- -- s a-- awi-scafr- r:-- rj;n-usou- 2 '' . om-pltte- s i - - . . - - li,vifHTiTTTf der-irc- s ; ; i-V- a d . ai-.fa- s We.-mus- , . ; bles-siug- s -- . ' . - it . . - -- " AyLnlewe-iidmire-the-piineipl- ' in -- es to-lo- : 1 " . Rei-net- e -. - - the-sam- y w - '"''., h." - in-'whic- i. - If we cannot acknowledge the alwise Parent and all for a similar purpose. The finger of scorn is pointed at us, and many are cast into " prison for their religion." hand of an in, the discoveries of science tooverwhelm us day, I fear that darkness does and afain: it will be because nf our if it in not ackuowledging-ih- el hand of stupidity Sister Amy Cook compared our condition now witthat in the early, rise. of the Church, and said, "Although their trials were great they did not feel to falter or turn back again to their homes in the old world. We are to be tried as 7 gold seven times in a furnace." uod in all things. A people who will not do thi3 what need they expect, and in fact what do they'deserve, if they possess so much vanity that they take all the glory to themselves? "And again, the Lord has promised that "in the last days He --would pour out His Spirit uponialbflesh," etc. T would advise those who wish to treat the to read. the thirteenth subject indifferently, St. of Matthew, beginning at the chapter ' thirty-eight- h verse, and reflect. M. K. K. ,. 1 -- 1.3, 183.5. T all earnestness, to get the article apd study it, and turn back l)efore it is If they-dnot they; will have c.iu.c to repent m sack too-late- . cloth and ashes. Aly dear j.young Sisters, these arc not sketches of the imagination, but the living truth, and I would that you could all be saved from the heart-acheand terrible agonies that-non- e on earth know except, those who have-trothe same path of disobedience. Ever praying for the welfare of Zion and her people, and those, who have fallen by the wayside, that their eyes may be opened, go that they may rise up with renewed Ytr,m--t- h and determination to have their lamp trimined and burning, before the bridegroom emucs and shuts the door and to them saw, ''Depart, I know ye not," Tarn .Yours truly," 7 x Ann Ha1:dv. s d Bore a faithful testimony. Prest. Lindsay 7 said she often thought if this had not been the Church and kingdom of God she never could have had the strength to hold her position in the Church, or stand before so many people. If we put our time- to good use Ave can do more than we think we can. We have got to overcome" our selfishness. Ve cannot live in the law of celestial marriage, and live in peace; unless we have. the Spirit of God." She felt it to be a sacred principle. Council BluflV, Iuwa. irThe time ha3 come that we must go forward or backward; we cannot stand still. I do not know what wo would be good for if we weie JThe fi rst women 's hosp ital" i"a" Ch ma IfaiT never tried.- - AVe should trv to be self insfnin been opened at Shanghai. It is called the, for the time when we will have will, come ing, Alargaret AVilson AJemorial Hospital. . -- - . R. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. - i- BEAR LAKE STAKE. Minutes of the Fourteenth Semi-annuConference of the Relief Society, held in St al o ok 