hi 'A 4LU h W L 1- - VW Ml. : ? 'Isho fitretchetb out her hand to the poor; yea Etc. ;rcacbeth forth her baud to iho needy." i'novr, xxxi. ind p twmgth bi 'ginny--"-y; . I pray that health r r "'And worldly wealth to thee; For well know tho breath of lieawn To th'-- i;i 7.' phyr waves are given, ,. That t h es'rd the poor may be-- " . d . Vrit Mis a Messed boon to giv;, And Iijopfed to-- rccrivcrT"""'"-And poor indeed mn6t l the foul That cannot own the sweet con t rol That cometh as a Lltst rcpneve To lid tin dying live. May -- .. ' ; (.)TrtTitTT)iiTnnrhr eattb; Thy cidldrt'irrisc'iind call thee MiPt, VsotiI upon thoe n et Thy . hiif-ban- "works within the gates", exprctt, Thy prrsence Bcatlering dearth, .. ' The hand of friendship hero relates "Thy works shall prais-- tliec ia lbs gatee." Tr,y " 1S15.- with a genthe ocean's into tle and unbroken decline depth. From the breakers to the very point are a succession of eddies, or waves, lessening in depth and force as they run up the beach,-ti- ll the nearest one the eye can see, glides, or seems to glide, playfully along the silvered sands, breaking into a myriad n'pplcs laughing in the sunlight, each freighted with its tiuy white air bubble. A wav to the back," fara the eye can reach, eUy ecetu uhtirthcl)c:an and the to mingle, the green of the ocean stretches, rc-- v growing smoother aud smoother with each endmove, until the great distance produces an less and unbroken stretch of green wave, as calm and placid to the watching eye as the the disliquid depths of a samraer. sky. Fur iu tance a solitary white sail is seen, nearer a lone skims over the breakers. 6ave these, sea ' theregullis not a thing, animate or inanimate, but the endless width of wave and sea.; And yet it is marvellously fulhot intend; itexcites miration; the eye loves to linger on it, and all the while a soft and insur.uuing sensef solitude and rest permeates the whole being. It o nvirvpllnns work. It is by W. S.vRich- I llltV ard?,who,wIiiIe he had devoid his rare talents '. . 1 CO I X01I AN ' AitT G ALLERY. The Curator said he could not tell, as ho had never kept track, of the comparative at-t- c iid a nee of men ami women; hut they'didkeep aernint of the number of persons who' visited tho Art Gallery daily. "On'.. cloudy or rainy said, "if ray memory .serves, me. right, (biyv-hv ave a greater number of lad'us than gen-t!,u in aiuhdance;on fine and pleasant days tlro is an apparent preponderance of males. lVappose, however, .they, balance each other about equally in the end. No, I can't say 1 am able to account for the more g.merafatlen danco of ladles on dull day?, unless it is that th y do not i. cl as much like walking and vis- -' king outside places of attraction';' but if that, were so, one would think the rule should hold good with reganl to men also; but the reverse is the case, forthey come mainly when the day iTa pleasant one. v Without wishing to speak lightly of the art taste and art admiration uf the ladies," continued the geir.lennin, "I mu.-- o better judgmoii;, or tate that the'men tate,or whatever you may call it, in the choict of a day to vi-i- t the gallery than the ladies do, The success of a picture, its life or its fidelity. which is the eame thing depends upon the light by Vfhich it is seen. A cloudy day may be calculated to help some pictures, but a vast andshould majority are painted for full light, well Since . be Veen in such a .l.the object of viewing a paintrng must be for pleasure, it seems strange that ladies (usually so particular about enjoying the full sense of pleau re which anything calculated to adl to the sura of human happiness can produce) should be not only so willing to put up with an indiflerent measure in the pleasure of view- pictures, but really seem to preier mu who joy. I can't understand it, for anyone be5as ecen a light and then pictureby a poor so held it when the light vras arranged as to bring out every touch of the artist's genius, Km hay felt within himself they ere differ c m. ; . en light-to-bevse- n-s- er be satisfactory. Ho w: "rlsrjmmtly coublnot is an author who work of art by ever, as each has peculiar and distinctive characteristics (even though it may not be as attractive as someothers),it is nevertheless, to a very large extent, full of interest as a study and as show: ing the style of the artist. notice or a I cannot resist, however, passing ' other"On two one of "Charlotte Corday," the the Coast of New Jersey." The former is a most impressive one, in a variety of ways. It fs bv. Charles LouisJIullerrkiiowubrhis"KQir ' . . -hi " aF t ip virf.ims o the jruiliotine uunn TP.il c3 VilU unjiivniy won has Muller Revolution. French firt. iho three medals, was, or is, an officer of the Legion of Honor, and a member ff the Institute of France. I do not believe it possible that lanm to the guage can be made to give expressi feelings this strange, the pervading, the potent a fascination, picture produced iu me. It was is sometime it from the effect of which, though since secn,T have not yet recovered. The picRevolution in pristure shows the heroine of tlisb'ood-thirstMarat. y on, afterthe killing.of the. She leans wearily against the prison liars, her bead resting oa one hand, Avbile the fingers of the other hold the pen with which she has fust letbcTL writing that most touching and noble the ter to her father; Her eyes are raised to. with licrht and the pose of the figure conspires the face, to produce a the rare expression-o- f a- , g over-arrhm- -- -- daahd -- " Hannah T. King Sail Lake City, New War's day, everyone who loves aft' as it is shown in painting and sculpture." lie d id not make an oration to tlie above effect, but he said a3 much in the course of some conversation had with him while I was visiting ' the Corcoran A rt GaUery,-o- n Pennsylvahia - A ven u e, Waslii ngton . While it is one of the youngest, it is also conceded to be one of the l)e.st art. galleries in the United States, and in it arc master pieces of modern art in painting and productions from the easels of many of the most noted of recen t painterjyhiclLreso-iChiract:fistic-T5fhafhr- s to give, to the attentive observer a clear idea of the peculiar style or "individualness" of each.. Strive to overcome the feeling however much I ma my heart run3 involuntarily to landscape painting, bo much so that I find it difficult to give ji passing glanco to portrait painting, even of characters well known and prominent in the worll's history. " Thus, were reference to the more notable works displayed, possibly that reference would not be. an impartial one, and -- ' ing judgment which follows the dissolution of earthly ties,' than doc3 Charlotte Corday as Muller has divinely ioTd her story. filled with ladies the last The gallery-wamorning I vfasihere it waX'a- dull the painting seemed to have the same' f ascination for all who looked upon it. I could cot forget it if 1 would; I would hot If I could; The other, "Oh t he coast of New Jersey," of vas a' ttrrpriser jThere-- wr but greater charm, more enchanting by far; this one, different as human intellect can ima- " f- - Cord ay, still possessed the gin e same element of forcing attention and of draw-in- g the spectator towards it with an Indefinite longing. It produced a sensation of "rest, which, one cared neither to break nor to resist. It can hardly be called a seashore scene; it is -- - many happy years b2 thhv3 1G. s . J.o:ig may yon Jiv dear fri nd of m!nv To I. Ices ihu drooping hrart. Tof-hethai balm of lovn divine; That widow VhcartnTyriJo and' t Li nr," And fool you lifo impart, No. -- ent iainting3 certainly dHitrent in the highest degree, in the power of each "to promote ' pleasurable sensations through the medium of the 'eye, lu t, then", the ladies seem to prefer it, bles their dear, sweet faces, and I suppose that fact should make me happy; but somehow l am neVer fully satisfied until I know the full measure' of the: cup of joy has been drained by 0 '. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY 15, 1885 ;. IMPROMPTU. '.!"' Jl N Ji-- J The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. -- i 1 T . ' po werful-impressio- of weariness, and resign n tion. - The face is a remarkable one. It is lulis of character arid .'determination. A nobility it to of gives a radiance an glorifies i)urpose an"exleiitalmost-ina)nii)rohciisiWe.r-AtiilT- t it is tender and fair and sweet, fo surpassingly, towards it sweet that the heart is drawn melts into a moving sympathy, admiration which, while it.faddtms, compels read her and fills the hearts of those who have irro-si,tiblya- nd -- u. the expression m want-unutterable, there i, ateolutely., .0 . t the t.igh,rat tinge uf ; regrf ; ever icccaeO, more screny safe L : fJ Iv found that his genius lay in the handling of marine subjects. There are any number of others which one could love to dwell upon and find pUasure and niu'oniel v and im- i pTitV( t: .Cn.,i,.,n ,'n S;Uti5iav;ti';u m cth j ! r. nsi D'Tlect description a3 tne aoove; short, ana tne numoer mi ioo gicat.thexy.CorcoWashington,howcver, and not visit ran Art Gallery, is to wrong oneself. There are departments for sculpture,: concopies of the most taining' original casts andancient and modern, renowned pieces of art, b3;TCmagnificent porcelain vases, lacquered, aTTOus u., hrnnvP ' tat,iiM ami' '.'hron u-r . 1 j11 . 7 ."--1 1 L uui-mc- . I 4- -i xd-i- - 111", wiyjim : torm?, imgmeiHs 01 uwnn.-. I . . I, " 'jnthings coming propsriy wiwi" i first class art gallery. - The Corcora:, Gallery of mcniding endowment and L'round.s buildingritTcTjnlents of Mr. W. W. Corcoran to given is the free gift It was deeded-t- a board of trus- . r - 1 t 4 c- -- r . '. T ! . .rt, tV public that it was tees May 10, 180;), the deed stating desi'med for the encouragement of the fine arts, en-- : perpetual establishment and and the couragement of painting, sculiture be opened to fine arts generally (hat it should Visitofa without charge two days a week, am on other day at moderate and reasonable aa chartered charges, etc" The institution nndasthe 