'Why tr . - U of- - meeini or. the Piuitry. AeUU tfeef aij lurnel thV-meti- ii"rj.jio' R. Grant. .f,N"3X Jei The7 foe etc, Room, -- n,;d S' i t JiYiigj ;.'le3':cvToay"Mw;-lUcbe- l ssnii-moath- meeting ly the Fourteenth War J Ajtemblv Stur Jay, Mreh 7tb,t 2 Iiabtlli Home treidin:r. nigh," etc. Payer p.m., Mrs. M Singias?, "The time by Mrs . H an uah T. King. me wur&, my ujj, my of previous rnggtlog read and JKing ofTYTLTIfTroni 10: h, 20 'h , adoptedriklinutes 19th 17tb, and of the P. A. from the Q.h, 15lb, l6th. lltbjieih and 4:h wards. Presto Hume, in her opening remark?, eufd she had a note from Bister Hints, who t. was prayed for fn oar last meeting; sha eays 6hereK eslvcdimuedtete re!ief, and wishes to thank U3 for It. "It is a great privilege to be instrumenpinging, e'i " Minute is aick " Thought our prayers tal in iiealing the wouli avail much if we weru as good as we koew how to be; wa? thankful that there was an awakening among the Saints to a sense cf their dutyT "The Lord 13 pleased with us when we meet together and spesk of his giodnesa and. try to sustain eaea otmr m our iriKis ann tin:c t on. Let us recollect the incidents or Brother ii irtin'ri trial eons years azo, in which the har.d of the Lord waa jo plainly jnn.jfe.sU"-lYesHrne then expressed a desire 10 have the eiattra bear their testimony, and felt thty would have a good time together. . Mrs. H. T. King endorsed the remarks of Pest. Home, and spoke of prsyer meeting?, t h .cuih Llheywon Jd be a -- gr e a thfne fi t toihe Baints; referred to the blessings arising from i Mrs. Watmough b:raa strcng testimony, and exhorted the sisters to be faithful. Sisters N. rman, Fowler and several others bre faithful testimonies, Pret. Home made a few cl siDg remarks and gave notice ot the Quarterly Cjnference of the Iielief Society of 1tis Stake of Zion. wb!c'i wf:u!.i ! hn!,! Vr d v xMirch 2lst, at lu v.m'.'ai.d 2 p.m. at that psc; alo of the Primary Conference, March 221, at , co J(l a.m..j hriii th V -. T,.' AT T A . HidJ CC4H-ill IC1 noon at 2 p m. H,ngipg, Doxb!cg . Benedic tion ly Coun. 8. M K'mbtlJ, . " 1 - ' -- " V T For the ExroxEXT. THE TWO FAMILIES. First, the PMtrlarchal father returns home from work, or a l ing absence, and rlnd9 hia fa mi ly wtll, ha;p?.and glad to m ee t b imrhn is . aiso nappy, receiving th r kind welcomiugs home. Now we will sea them at the dinner table mot hers ather and childrt d allsurround. ingthe table with emiling faces; he willingly acknowledging the claim of all alike, and providing for each one equally, and loving each child with the same fatherly love. What harm is there in thiE? Now think of a Gentile family, such as I have positively known. Thin first of a bright home of a newly married couplv Two or three yeais of happiness, love and enjoyment psas awaj; a loving wife, always true tirjg in her husbatndV love and faithfuloess to her, always believing and trusting every word that her husband ppesks, disdainiEg, the very thoughts of any-thi- tg distrustful of him, Time wears' on. Now there comes troubles and trials one after another. 1 f?m9 - t i wrUf io b . First be is absent in the evenings. She waits long for him. Many lonely hours are' spent for him. When he returns and ia asked, waiting Utt?v 1 i pie true, nn b iaWtr?, "Nothing the st NUht ift r ll t li vm bis' nht it the I had the stamina to investigate, and am now cxUmt cilnoroutTnjurih d in the vivili.t world. ; , 'Xow, if VouMormoa will ho in fid el?, as wo liavo ijeiieve in a uon xnac can t see whut Wii-iuf- ' whrn rt.,nm l:nmuwS that finmf!i;4rnA it Bivlden !y JiV111K hs bo-lie- ve 1 ; LAW YHAT IS LAW, AND WHAT IS IT FOR? Law is a code of statutes drawn up and compiled judiciously and harmoniously to discriminate bvtVeen good and evil, right and wrong;' to runi;h an offender if he or she has done wrong, or committed an evil deed. It was never intended to wreak iU vengeance on a -- peacable citizen who is pursuing a straightforward course, attending to his daily avoca--tion- a of lifp, no disturhpr of t.h peace, temper- . honest, ate, upright in his dealings, and one is who working for the public good, and respected by his friends. Has such a bne no right to dwell peacably in his own dwelling by his own fireside? No right to walk abroad to .attend to the duties that devolve upon him to maintain and support his fa'raily? AVas law made to dog. his footsteps, to watch his home and thrust him into prison? Has the judiciary a right to enact such a law, and send men, biased in their minds, to administer it,and that, too, from a distance? Are they competent to judge of matters they have had no association with, who seek not the welfare of their fellow creature, who judges not his merits, or cares for hb worth in the advancement of public good? thi3 his All neighbor knows, and has to see him shackled, and his usefulness brought to a standstill , becauseisenemyj plgreatmighty,i- "TepTib1icird?nraFrnan, "has a little authority invested in him to traact business away from home one short month and then his career comes to an end and he sinks" into' insignifi;; cance. izr:-I f this is republicanism I never want its associations, neither do I want to come in contact with its unjust laws. My progenitors made good and wholesome laws, which said" that Congress should make no law to control our religious rights. Now, these republican men come here to Utah and dare to tell her enlightened people that if they believe what is in the Bible they cannot have the right of fran chise; if our name is registered, if we are ever so moral, virtuousand good citizens, and if we were born in 'America, and all our ancestors before us, if we believe the word of God, they shall not let us, have any rights to their sided to condemn which only they have made expressly for the poor ignorant, cast-ofn believers in the eternal truths, written for our .edification and'salvation,which a: . . - , ; : : law-one-- F brow-beate- Ilia OMl-lU- Who cannot, fhe will not her her husband fVfahe, until srrow, reruoree-an- d shams enters her home. Finally the door, bvIJ is ruog; a y uog lady enters bearing a child In her arm?7a"ad isking for mercy Rnd helter, the c"i id 's cl lira in t h I rrai n, h e r husba n d father. .Then the wife that has b?en so IdvingT" so kind and so good fall hick in despair and grief, bet heart overflowingun til sbecaDcon- tain it no longer.""Bhe cills to her husbaad to: find out the troth, and he must acknowledge his wrcng?. There is a broken-hearte- d wife, a dlsgrficed maiden and a desolate home. , '. Lo k!ngat the two pictures, one keepiDg the law of G)d as Abraham, Isaac and Jaoob dld,. the other tran?greseing all. law, and plunging a trusting wi'e and unsuspecting maiden into nt ter defpair, himeelf a disgrace to all manhoo i, and perchance the cause of an untimely death to. one cr both of those whoso htarts he has " v broken. rea V iveV "regular h'?-T- n U r uut'cs of the wna Si7s7"EJIa-C-0- . ,i u CAftn)1 T'l t t A n.nk.L. and His aj)ostles, anAthe i3aviorgf the world, then yo u can be us tified by o u r Ilc-- uolican' law." This is Scripture; for all the law is' fulfilled in one word, even, in this: "Thou halt love thy neighbor as thyself." I do not think these holy (?) men would." like to have the same treatment as they are dealing out to us, ifso . neLnieonergrn intatheir ' homei"with a little galvanized law in their; pockets and pick and pry into their family secrets and accuse'them of crime and call their children bastards. We. want a local government. Utah has wise 1 men , tried and proven. We solicit nV' distant usurper to set us to rights, by bringing 113 into bandage. We are free born asTvell as will and contend for our rights and themselves, . Arv c uuve justiue. poiiucai ami religious ngnis, and we have been sustained in them by our own local oflicers; we do not want men from abroad to inind our business; we have been taught to mind it ourselves, aud we. are quite 1 should think, lilhis people -competent. knewdiow to locate a great Territory like this, which has opened up so large an inland traffic, bringing in resources to the government from lands that would have lain dormant, and also mineral wealth, they certainly are competent of. manipulating their own governmental affairs. Uncle Sam ought to be thankful to this people, for no. other people under the sun would have settled here; neither could we if we had not been sustained and preserved by the outstretched arm of the Almighty, and He will jcontinue llis preserving care until His king-loia established .for ever, and He reign3 triumphantly. A great hue and cry is raised about bigamy and polygamy away out here in Utah a term J never heard used until the Gentile cpurts set here to try such cases. I consider when a man marries a wife she is his rightful and lawful wife. They twain become one flesh; if he j p " - 'i:: 1 '. 1 , - - m . " w l v - 11 t J J UU,. own flesh and blood, and their offspring are The- marriage legitimate. ceremony is the same. They enter into a solemn contract and are under obligations to each other. . Latter-daSaints marry for time and . The all "eternity, and that, too, by divine authority from God; He commanded them to do so; to raise up a righteous seedcunto Himself. He had spirits in reserve to enter tabernacles, whose parents had not defiled themselves, who - had kept themselves from al I others. Such are the men that have entered into this order of marriage, and such are the women. A small percentage of the men of this Church have a plurality of wives, and they are those, many of them, who were married men, who had never cohabited with any other women but their own lawful wives, virtuous, upright and honorable to the very letter,aud up to the present time they would have clung to one wife only, had they not known it was a divine command. They acted .under a religious conviction, and had to stem tin tide of civilized usajre and custom, which they could- never have had the courage to do without that knowledge that comes to God's people by revelation. There is a great responsibility resting upon those who enter this order of marriage; they must lead holy lives be' prayerful and circumspect; set good examples before theirToffspring that they may become good, honorable men and women, that they may ; walk in that straight and narrow path" that leads to eternal life, "For broad is the path that leads to des- - y ' . -- - -- . & 