WOMAN LAI CEX ES AND I CIDEX S K X" PONE NT. ANXUAL-MEETINO- .- let mem .know if they wished-tbyvffhat rules they must go in his company. He then proceeded to; ttate that those who wished to go with hiin must prepare themselves to obey the laws of Goii, and forbear from" stealing one from another, also swearing and other things prohibited by tha Celestial Law, and tho3e who could not make up their minds to abide by the precepts, had better never start from this place, but go into Missouri where they belong. Arevehtion on the will of the Txrd wa3 then read by O.. Pratt, as received through Prest. Yojng, pertaining to the rule3 and regulations by which we are to be governed during. our journey in the ensuing fipring.There are-tbe companies of ten3, fifties and hundreds, each company with a captain at its head, and these to be controlled by a president and two --'o counselors. , "The revelation embodied or contained the remarks made by Bra Kimball and the others. A vote wa3 then called whether -- the people would covenant to obey the precepts tnerein. laid down, which passed unanimeusly. Prest. Young also made some few remarks sub3tan- -' tiating what Bro. Kimball had said. Another thing spoken of wa3 that every individual who went on the journey should to the utmost use his influence in assisting the widows and wives of those in the army, also to remove, lest their cries should ascend up to Jehovah against us. After some other business ot minor importance being transacted the meeting was dismissed with a benediction by Bro. Kimball." "Wednesday, the 20th. Fair weather with "sunshine clear." The Twelve held a council atWm. Kimball's room Thursday he speaks of being busied in taking the names and list of the property of those who had attached themselves to Bro. Kimball's company." And for two or three days after he was engaged "writing, on . the list of company 2nd." On the 23rd he makes mention of his wife's sickness, which prevented him from attending meeting at the Council House. to soni'iia;ructot auJ abide An annual meeting of the Y L." M. I. A. of the 17th Ward was held at the residence of Sister Friday, Feb.: 20thr l885r Sisters E. ICSdow, Smith, E. S. Taylor, Nellie o . iplpjgjjmb'daj which has been m the father till? afternoon. fittftlrrtdftMi iamilv iafgifpas, each cue of the family v'-yesirsaii- to orive some sentiment or wish' was railed unon -j- - - in favor of our mother. The "union" or meet- iog did not last above an hour, but it wa3 the most satisfactory festival that I ever recollect to have spent in that brief space of time." lhe circumstance above mentioned is very fresh in my memory, as is also the following, which transjired on the evening of January - ... 1st, 1847: ; . '. ; . "This evening Bro. Kimball again gave up his room for the purpose of dancing. Brigham and some of his family were present, beside a numerous assemblage of brethren and sisters. This evening, like the Christmas one, passed off finely under the direction of 0. P. Rockwell, and every one departed to their homes about one a.m., apparently well pleased and gratified with our scene of festivity." ounaay tne ora. ny invitation my; iatner went and preached at Bro. John Scott s house', in Bishop Evan's ward, a number of his family . attending. " Dn flm HiV TCl-- TT- M k FtVi TTnraoo Trr onrl JLTVti4ni of avtarl tVU tf AAA. UUU UltVi OirUl UIH AiViUVUj lv 4 liwAA vflvA.. nn fU 1V vrrVk r vrrnvA saS n with wagons to Bro. Lathrop's camp (who was there to take charge of the cattle that were sent tJ the rush bottoms) with provisions. Our boys went for'the purpose of driving back some beef cattle cows and calves,etc;,bu t the weath- er was so excessively cold that they conclud- Til i i.1 cu,1 vu return wiinoui mem. A Horace says: "The only house there, we stayed in, which' was a miserable hovel indeed, our bones the next morning feeling the effects of theunevenness of the puncheon floor. Having breakfasted as we had supped the night before., in the open air, we started for home where we arrived towards evening." Bv thi3 time there was considerable snow on . the ground, and"Thursday, 7th wrote Horace, "was by far the coldest and most snow of the ccmuu. lie tuum ukjj huuu ah mo UOur. five minutes without freezing." scarcely He wrote on the 13th, "This evening had quite a convivial party at Bro. James Smithies' consisting of all the male members ; of the family;" Meaning my father's family. Monday, the 18tb, he speaks of making out a "list of the members intending to travel in the 2nd company, under H. C. Kimball.in the ensuiug spring. J ohn Pack and myself went r.uuuu lo wuru meiii to meet m tne uouncil House u ight for organization. The first company, under Brigham Young, meet -there this evening for the same purpose, This evening a fire was discovered under the hearth in Bro. Kimball's roomwe took down the better half of the chimney in order to get at the fire, which we put out and then rebuilt the . chimney, this takimr till half past four in the morning. Brother Kimball felt very thankful that the fire did not occur in the night when we were all asleep, as there were five or six pounds of powder in a chest near the fireplace, in addition to the danger incurred bv tha fir -- A M . to-morr- otherwise. - ' , - This even-- " "Thursday, 19th; to ing, pursuant agreement, a large number of those who had attached themselves to the second companyunder H. C.Kimball, met at the Council House on Main St. Bro. 0. Pratt first rose and read the names of those who had already given ia their. names, which were 200 in number. Bro. Kimball then arose and said that he had not called, them together exactly . o --- - to-day- ." . LETIER FROM A GENTILE. Mrs. Wells: 1 take several papers, but none that I read with more interest than the Exponent. I am "watching with great interest your people strug- gling for existence, surrounded by enemies as they are, and what the result will be I cannot yet tell; but my opinion is that riches and selfishness will be the greatest enemies your people will have to contend with. This was the great moral disease that Jesus Christ found in the world and prescribed for; and so long a3 your neople follow Hi3 directions closely and and nrnsner- attentively they will live and when but riches, pride and selfishness grow up among you, men you will have only a form of godliness without its Dower, as the relifrinn orders of this country, and the spirit of the wnrld in all nf tliam nn1 k i' riv not found in them. Your system of plural marriage I rpfrflrd nci one of the great and remedies for the evils of the world, and to elevat.fi woman' to her proper sphere, and give ,her a chance to love and be loved hf som8 good and worthy man; the sum total of life's pleasures, the fruit of existence, the great natural balm for the troubles of life. No creat revolution wn ottoi accomplished in the world without great effort and opposition from the dice of the world. Fight alonsr. vou are rihL and T Mo tne spirit manifested bv thp ivnnlp Tf k:0 should be of any interest to your readers you c at iiucn,jf iu give ii io inem. God-give- i i v n Johk - M.-Rusb-eet; Julian-How- e, Colebrook, II. T. King and other visitors were present.' The President of. the Association, Sister Julia Howe, presided over the meeting. After the usual opening exercises were over an interesting report for the year ending Feb. 20,7--- 1885. was read by the secretary." A short and varied programme was then rendered, which was listened to with interest- Sister Howe stated the object of the meeting, which was the election of officers, at the same time tendering her resignation as Prest. of the association. This resignation was not accepted. A motion was then made and put to the members to the effect that Sister Howe be retained as President of the Association. The motion was .unanimously carried by the uplifted hands and smiling faces of the members, showing that their hearts went with their votes. The other officers also remaining the same, th3 association now stands with Sister Julia Howe as President, Sisters Emily Richards and Sadie Howe as Counselors, Ella Dallas as Secretary, Vickie Clayton as Assistant Socretary and Lizzie Barnes as Treasurer and Librarian. The meeting was then addressed by the visit ors, and much good advice, instruction and - encouragement was imparted to the members" and to all who listened. Sister Eliza gladdened the hearts uf all by' her presence and with the words of counsel which she gave, commending all that praise worthv,nd giving suggestionsrinher characteristic way ,on points where the Association was deficient. She particularly stated ' that she had yet to be converted to the ideaof annual reorganizations. Stated that she had also to be converted to the idea of adjourning the Associations during the summer season; thought that where these plans were adopted they would prove a great drawback to the As-- , sociation. All felt to ask God to bless Sister Eliza and grant every desire of "her heart. All-t- he speakers felt to congratulate Sister Howe for the love and esteem in which she is held by the young people with whom she is associated. One item that was broached by a number of the speakers, and that should be particularly mentioned, and .that is, that we should not patronize our enemies in any way. This was afterwards put before the meeting in the form of a resolve, and was unanmously adopted. After the 'closing exercises the company adjourned tothe dining room, where a bounteous repast was spread, of which all partook with enjoyment; the many good things, with which the tables were laden, being well seasoned with " pleasant conversatian. The evening was spent in social chat and in terchange of thought. All passed off well, and everybody went home feeling in . good spirits and benefited by partaking of the good things, spiritual an 1 temporal, that were freely given to them. All felt to say that it 13 good to mingle where all are of one heart and one .. spirit. ' 7 , -- .. . . Elka.-Dalla- . Secretary. s, Emily Pfeiffer of London, who visited Salt Lake City with her husband last October, has, inthe March number of the Contemporary Review, an article upon V oman Saffrage, said to be an exceedingly able argument inits favor. The lady is a very graceful and popular writer, and her articles in prose and poetry, are very highly complimented by members of Parliament. She was a friend of the late George Eliot and of George Henry Lewis. " r . 