WOMAN'S EXPONENT. weeKS in ' tures, - ft f( ' ,' i h- - RtSOCI ETY 1 The Female Relief Society was organized by Mhe -- Prophet Josephs Smith, in Nauvoo, Illi- v ''"' .. Friday morning Tl I E - Ward,"SarahI' Kimball was made President, 5 ttt uauiornia, ana qenvcr a iuuijv. ; S K ETCH -- O F at thft nresent time. He nnnonpnt nf itt Wtrin inltniU rhirnin tr!ijir 13 Willard Richards, and John Taylor were also present on the occasion, Willard Richards acting as nois, March 17th, 1842. f . May,.; 5th, attended , the. an-- hual meeting of the Primary Association of the Tenth Ward in this city, commencing at 10 a.m., v f Mrs., jennie wcwan picsiu. ' their and exercises were the, children oforder , was strictly excellent, and the best observed. . Sister McLean, who has "presided, ' over the Sojcnfty-with her assistants, accomplished great good,more .especially in the spirijual training- of I he lit t Ie on e s in t! riiltiv.Ttinn nf faith and the Fruits of the Thfl nnnnil rtrnrt whtrh WnQ rpnrf. showed that considerable had been done during. the the year, even-bthese gramme had been carried out remarks, suitable to "the pccasion,were. made by Sisters E. C. Clawson, E. B. Wells, L. A. Wells, Coun. James Woods, anu ncr Disier ici-ea- n miss .uwiiu. At the close of the meeting, the officers,' visitors and children repaired to Fullers Hill, where all partook of refreshments prepared for the occa . sion, and enjoyedthe afternoon in a pleasant manner, the children indulging in sports and pas times, such as swinging, boating, examining the viewsand other amusments. It was an event in the lives of the little folks which they will look back upon with a sweet remembrance'. - ; is "a ' . secrwrPMt minutefrdm the PropbetVoivn .hstory. MarchJth. "I attended, by : 'R. exer-cisoalljje- ne vole ut purposes. -- Its organization was completed this da'y, TMrs. Emma Smithy h ftn e y and Mrs. rPsidhmrrrCE Miss E. R. treasurer. ' . .house to house to search out the poof and look U11C1 IUC1X VT All 13. little-aaeAAft- y er T-- 1 i" ' 1 cj)mjelbesides hranrh has st stated business meetings, each dav? on whirh tn vnre fnr thf benefit of the poor. When the Society commenced its labors in Salt Lake City the donations consisted of mate- rial tor patenwork quiits,rags lor carpets,uncardecl wool, for. socksand- stockings, etc. In some instances the : hair of animals was cleansed and carded by hand, of course, as there were no carding machines in the city at that time, spun and ' v '.. knit into socks arid mitten- sAs fast as may, be the various branches are building for themselves places of meeting, workThe; first of these buildings was shops, etc. in the 15th Ward, They Commenced erected' as above, their first capital slock g labors their donations of places for quilts, carpet rags, etc. By energy and perseverance they helped to sus tain their poor, and in a few years purchased land and built on it a commodious house. ine laying ol tne corner stone was pertprmea by the sisters, and was followed by appropriate : speech making onlhe part of the presiding officers of the Society Miss S. M. Kimball, iMrs. E. R. Snow and others, each in their turn mounting t he corner stone for a rostrum, and each winning de served applause from the assembled throng. After the building was , completed it was dedi cated by the First Presidency. -- Sister E. R. Snow composed a hymn for the occasion. Since its reorganization here the Relief Societv had gathered and disbursed over $100,000 eight ago. Probably this sum has doubled since that time. The Relief Societv in the 1 th Ward, in whiVh I live, was organized April 1 8th, 1868, at the Bishop E.'D. Wooley, who was present with Counselors Wm S. Godbe andF. A. Mitchell. After a few interesting remarks from the Bishop with regard to the organization and the duties of its members, he proceeded to set apart Mrs. Rachel R. Grant,as President of the society; the Bishop himself ordained her to. that office. Mrs. uraut was then requested to choose her Counselors, when she selected Mrs. Annie T. Godbe for her First Counselor,and Mrs. Margaret Mitchell for her Second Counselor. Mrs. Godbe was ordained by her husband, Counselor Wm.' S. Godbe, and Mrs. Mitchell by her husband, Counselor F.A. Mitchell. It was thenmoved that Mrs E. H. Gbddard act as Secretary, and Mrs. Anna Musser was chosen as Treasurer. : All were re-- ceiven hv unanimous vntp. Thp fnllriwincr nprsnnic were then appointed as1' teachers. Mrs. Clarrissa Scofield, Rosina Godbe, Martha Wells,-Ahb- ie Rumel, Emily Young, Louisa Spencer, Agnes Park, Mary Musser, Catherine Horrecks, Martha Stringam, Bathsheba W. Smith, Phebe Maiben, iinzapem juaiDen ana isaDeiia Anaerson. After a few encouraging and appropriate remarks from Sister E. R. Snow the meeting was adjourned till April 30, 1868, to meet at Mrsr residence at 2 p.m. Counselor . Mary Godbes Wm. S. Godbe acted as Secretary pro tem at the organization. ' On May 3rd, 871, Mrs. Mary Musser was ap- pointed Treasurer after the decease of Mrs. Anna L. Musser, and Mrs. E. B. Wells, Assistant Sec. - - semi-monthl- -- ; : - . 1 -- pr-o- e from- to warctof thecity - and from settlement to settlement in the country, throughout the, Territory, United States,Great Britain, and throughout .1 l ti wnere me woria mere is a Drancn or rae nurcn. .' . ' l - - A L . C i . i arcr J il.. uonaiions. 1 ae iunus oip i mosiiy in, oocieiy ManvDf the hranphes of the sonletv Tiave started Snow, Secretary; Miss Sarah Wheeler, Assistant Secretary; Miss Elvira Cole, Treasurer. The brethren then laid their hands on them and ordained them to their several offices." The now Prophet said, "You are organized after the of the that whenever the Church, and pattern Church of Jesus Christ was fully organized upon the earth this organization of the sisters existed." On another occasion, April 28th, 1842, he says,-me- t the members of the F. R. S.jand after presiding at the admission of many new members, gave a lecture, on the Priesthood, showing how the sisters would come in possession of the privileges,-gift- s and blessings of the Priesthood, and that the signs should follow them, such'as healing the sick, casting out devils, etc., and that they might attain unto these blessings by a virtuous life and conver- sation, and diligence in keeping all the commandments. This is a charitable institution, and ReR. S. AND V. L. MEETING. cording to your nature. It is natural for females to have feelings of charity and benevolence. You y The ladies', regular meeting was held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms," are now "placed in a situation where you can act according to .those' sympathies God has placed in May 30th, 1885, Mrs. E. S. Taylor presiding. Minutes were read from the Y. L. M. I. A. of the your bosoms. If you live up to these privileges how great and glorious will be your reward in the 17th Ward. Remarks were made by Sister E. S. Taylor on Celestial kingdom. If. you live up to your privileges the angel cannot be restrained from being the spirit and peculiarity of the times, and testiyour associates. Females, if the)' are pure and monies were borne by Sisters Smith, Green, Dyer, innocent, can come into the presence of God,-for Watmough and other sisters tn the congregation, is more pleasing to God than innbeene. You what and remarks were made by Sisters M. E. Kimball must be innocent or you cannot come up before and Julia C. Howe. Him. If we would come before God we must Counselor B. W. Smith made closing remarks, keep ourselves pure as He is pure." in which she gave . a sketch of her visit to the He spoke of some little foolish things being penitentiary, and spoke upon other subjects of incirculated in the Society against some of the sisterest. Meeting adjourned. Singing, Doxology. ters not doing right in laying on hands to heal the , Prayer by Sister E. S. Taylor. sick; said that if the people had common sympathies they w:ould rejoice that the sick could be Meeting held attht same time and place, Saturhealed. day, June 13th, Counselor S. M. Kimball presidHe, continued his subject by quoting the coming. Mrs. M. A. Wilcox was elected Secretary mission given to the ancient apostles, in Mark pro tem. Iinutes of previous meeting were read, xvi, "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gosand also minutes of Y. L. from 20th and 2nd pel to every creature. Pie that believeth and is Wards, and P. A. from 21st Ward. The meeting, baptised shall be saved, and he that believeth not which was numerously attended, was then adshall be damned; and these signs shall follow dressed by Sisters M. A. Freeze, L. W. Kimball, them that believe: In my name they shall cast out P. W. Woodruff, B. W. Smith, Dr. E. S. Baraey, devils; they shall speak with new tongues; they Mary Gejrber, H. Risley, S. M. Kimball, H. T. shall take up serpents, andlf they, drink any deadKing, E. B. Wells and M. A. E. Watmohgh.-Thly thing it shall not hurt them; they shall lay subjects spoken upon were the signs of the hands on the sick and they shall recover." times, the necessity of being humble, faithful and "No matter who believeth, these signs, such as prayerful, officiating for the dead in temples, the healing the sick, casting out devils, etc., should present crusade, th Deseret Hospital, the trainfollow all that believe, whether male or female, ing of children and some items of business in and if the sjsters should have faith to heal the relation to the Relief Society. sick, let air hold their tongues " He further re marked that there could be no devil In it if God lief Society in regard to agents for books and His sanction by healing, and there could be other things, not to place -- the Society in any gave iri in any female no more . !!-laying hands on and j to way unuer and them, PDiigations for the sick than in wetting their face with praying books and other things, or accepting any water. agency for these things to take every precaution This was about two years before his martyrdom, to secure themselves against being imposed which sad event took place June 27th, 1844. upon. " The appointment for the Relief Society ConferIn 1846 the Church left Nauvoo, consequentlv ence of this Stake of Zion was given out to be theF. R. S. was not in operation until the time held on Friday, June 26th, and the Primary June it was reorganized in Salt Lake City by President 27th, in the forenoon, at 10 a.m., and Y. L. M. I. ungnam, Young. He gave Sister. E. R. Snow a A. at 2 p.m. Singing, "Lord dismiss ' us," etc. mission to assist the bishops to organize a F. R. retary. '. Prayer by Sister M. W. Wilcox. S. in evtry ward in the city. Commencing at the April, 1869, Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith was - - - .' ,. The Society has extended its , branches reqti F. :' S., whose object is the relief of the poor, the destitute, the widow and the orphan, and for the SarahMr.Clev . , ; be-n- ; ' cesi-dence.- of . 1 or- - 