W OM A NTS IPS " verges , W2L jiailctd: soil vry on-b- Dit-P-, bailfep a new Territory," vas also excel- Idit, &Wa good spirit President of Primary, Ster Porteraiid sis- .encouragingly to the Iittlfi dues; also Sister Holt, President of the. Young EacUes of East. Bountiful, talked to trie children very kindly. At the close of the meeting the children were made glad with oranges and candy. All went smtimg-fscesr" t&ay-wi;TtT!T""'. we At Christmas had a good time. We had two trees with qmtea .ifiL-fif- . nice and useiul " presen ta upon them . We had recitations,songs "ancTsoIos; our programme was short, but good. After the children had received their presents from the tree Brother Thurgood's store keeper brought over to each child a sack of candy; one hundred and sixty present also Brother Anson V. Call, from the brought the children each of the large boys very nice whistles, the small boys a smaller kind of whistle and some candy. To each of the, large girls was given a very nice breastpin, to the smaller ones a string of beads. These were given on New Yea r'3 day, and were much ap- - . preciated.by the children. We feel to say God bless the children of Zion, 'for . we. see and know there are noble spirits among the children of the Latter-daSaints, and we trust our labors will iiotbe in vain, and we feel .assured they will not, for there will be a mighty host rise up among them that will stand true to the cause of the MostHigh. I, v " i 1 y -- . Ann Dustin, President, Sarah L. Davis; Secretay. rt 1 1 smta ?t, mvn s Kz(id grandchild reu; ;'wa,s ClimtLat V.. It. ; M. MouTit Carmel, May 4tb, 1SS5. 1 . -- IMPORTERS AND JOBBER OF Engelstead. D Died, at her residence, in Vermillion, Severe County Utah, on the Kth of March, 1SS5, of heart disease.Anna Maria7 Cerg Dastrup, aged Vixty-h'v- e years. Sister Dastrup. .was born on the 22ud .of January, 13:20, in ;WeIsbek, Ciesvig; cams, to Syalland, Denmark in June, 1S23; was. married to IV. L. Dastrup-OctobIfitb, 'IStlf She joined the Church' of JeBus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints in 185:3. "Was baptized by Elder It. I. Lund. Came to St. Lojiis on the 0th of March, IS, and started for Utah July Srd.lSaf , and arrived in Salt Lake City in Dec, the same year. SlBtcr Dastrup was a good Latter-da- y Saint, and a faithful worker in the Kelief Society, having been secre- -t&ry for several- - years. She was living in the celestial order of marriage, and died in full faith 6f a glorious ' resurrection. She leaves a husband,one son and eight grandchildren and many friends td mourn her loss. Rebecca Xebekeb, President, Violet I vie, Secretary. r ry Go o ds , Notions, G rd c e ri es ' HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, .GLASS AND QUEEN8WARE, ELEGANr CUT GLAB, er "AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IilPLEv MENTS, -- CLOTH AND CLOTHING, rURE DRUG3 AND CHEMICALS, . : ' . .. I SALT LAKE CITY, Utahi - . I Mo .iUlio Uo tbkty-on- e to d ihrc:i"deiul7inaTiini; a grand total of one hundred and nine children. Was a faithful memler of the Church of Jesus "Cftccmctf and r6ved"byTll her friends.. 'T' I o liiiag-il4rt?n-ftn- CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL ' GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. S&" We carry a krgeir and more complete Stock than any houee In the west. 1 Died, at Sipithfield, Cache County, Utah, March 2r,th, lSSo, Maria F. Smith. She was born October loth, In the State of Florida. Was baptized; Into the Church of Jesus Chri3t of Latter-da- y Saints in 1S49. l -v Emigrated to L'tah the following year. She died as she had lived, a faithful Saint, true to every principle of her religion, prompt in the discharge of every duty. She has gone to reap the reward of the righteous, and though wo now mourn her loss, vc know it is her gain, and we who are left lim in the hopes of a glorious meeting at the resurrection morn. A lady in Boston has submitted to the mayor the plan of a novel charity, toward starting which she proposes to contribute $50,000. It is to create a fund, the income of which shall be used annually for the care of the teeth of" children in the Primary schools whose parents are unable to pay dentists' bills. Ex. Mrs. Robert E. Lee was the only child of George Washington. Parke Curtis, who was the only son and heir of Martha Washington; It was from George and Martha WashingtOQ that Curtis obtained Arlington, which at the opening of the war was one of the finest pieces, of country property in the South. It is as "the ideal Southern homestead." . Com. 3. ELDREDGE, Supt. H. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will be found the latest style and pioductions " in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS COLLARS, TIES, A QUESTION. And an elegant assortmenf of GOODS;and ed 7Snoyville, Utah, - May 4th, 18S5. Special department for Ladies' Misses' fant's Shoes. Editor Exponent: . . The Dowager Lady Airlie was returned at the head of the poll, recently, as a member of the Lintrathen School Board. This is, I believe, the first' instance of a lady, of rank having aspired to such a position. It affords, however, an example which a good many other dowagers, who are not a3 a rule overburdened with work, might follow with great advantage. Iff -- - de-Fcrib- TTI " jT" -- K C ta p, :JT""1 - MffJot tey, in In Uie jear 1SU, Pitt County, N. 15 married tty Henry Z. 'bLjD)?? October 31st, Wtaily County, Tfconcsser- - Moved to Illinois la' the year l$li;-vaLaptized into the Cuurch of Jesus Christ of Jitter-da- y Saints in tho year 1SI2; arrived In tbo Valley of Salt Iike lS5i Was th "mother of. ten three daughters, and two sona dead; grandmother to thlrty-eki-ht living and five dead :lMiyl torn ;ftttvo?cd to ' ". khtaiiusii i:n octov.kiv mlh at .'Mount CarmrlKane County, I'tab, on the HK-- r u i ter Randall were present from Cemreville, also 'Sifter Howard and Counselors from the Hot Sprmgs Prioiary A?iiitauu. .All spoke very Ex. ENT. OLUTUARIK y-' to co-o- PON K X Can any of your readers or contributors tell me how. to ki4 green bugs on plants?; They first came on daisies then went from them to pinks. They do not trouble geraniums nor violets, though side by side. Tobacco water seems to bn of no avail; the plants die if not kept down. Also, is there any remedy for fleas? If gome of yourcontributors would answer the aboye fueries they 1 would greatly oblige, E. Ballam. . 112,114,110, 113 In- East Temple Street. e S i ks! Home-Ma- d I Silk Dress Goods, Ottomans, Ciro. gralnsIJTOcadedand Plata Satins and Grenadines;, also Handkerchiefs For Sale at Manufacturers' Pricks, by jrome-Iad-e MRS. B. P. MUSSER, Second House South of Silk Factory, Canyon It jaJ The exhibition of Decorative Art work at Young Bro's oil Main St., which commenced on May 12th, and has been continued since up -- - . to the present, is something wonderful in the way of ornamentation, and requiring Jess na- tu ral ingenuity , it would seern.than embroidery done by hand, Everything, large or small, can be executed on the Domestic machine, on satin, fijlplushen,ranvas,:-etc"-wit- h ehenile, arrasene, crewels, embroidery silk, tiusel, applique, mpsaic and etchiqg. Crowds of people were attracted every day to sec tho handsome and elaborate display of embroidered goods, and to watch those who were engaged in running the machines, doing all sorts of fancy ornamental work o different varieties and patterns with the people looking oyer in wonder and amazement, Surely this U "some- thing under the eun. t " Bpe . In order to accomodate a number pf persons who desire lojoin my Obstetric Class, but cannot commence in May, I have concluded not to start my Class until later, when due notice will be given. fM Auerbach MILLINERY, Sprin? and Summer Goods MIDWIFERY Xx. 3VIci::io O. IiIid 1 18S5 yill commence a class in her oilicri on a term consists of ten weeks. Two lecturesMay every day K Saturdays excepted. Tuitiort a Term, S 1 0.00. Books, S 1 Kaju 3D-"VII- V 3.00. - Dr. Shipp will remain In thecity, and caula found at her office and residence, 66 S. First West Street. Bro. A Full and 'Jomplete Stock of AND LADIES A CLASS IN & D DRESS TRIIUffliKGS. (JALL AND EX AMINE.- T-MIISS cSc - CO., TIN HERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS Agenf. for ItUMSEYS celebrated LIFTand FORCS VUMVu, Pumps Repaired on sbort notice. Orders U'on the country promptly responded to. A14rtti, IATI5 UlJ3,Sfi 855,12111 Ull fill.. . ? 