.99 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A POEM. WRITTEN TO rWBlCQXJL- - BROTHER ASAHEI H.WOODRUFF HOME FROM HfS 'MISSION J- ' BY REBA B. refinement in its ways and PRATT. Dear brother, we come with a wekoroe Most heartily filled with good cheer, These wordi, which friendship inspired us to write, . Is the greeting; of every one here. is Wet with you, rejoice that your mission through, Ypu are free from the world and its snares; '". ' By day and by night we. were praying for y o'u, And our Father has aniwertd our.prayers. to-nig- - the-dut- y the mother, or the ntlrse. to. see; that she does not break the order she has instituted. 'Wisdom ia imperative nr all who have. the care of the-- infant man- - or woman,' for- - tb are laying a foundation for all future life, not ' to say eternity, and the training, for good or for evil, will have a powerful effect upon the future, course, for early habits are woven in of. fr is" -- sheet-'ancho- - habitsthe, infant is ever a creature of habit, and it ht ' father's house and the world in which they 'Jweltj that we might gather' and enter into r law3 and covenants- that would place the of our souls within the veil; and lioV, if we have "slumbered and slept" let us awake and shake off our drowsiness and start afresh ,on the journey of life, and most especially as a :"yigilant committee" over our infants and our youth, for such is greatly needed. nature, must commence in the incipient stages oi .ine, even in iaiancy,as soon as n can unaer-;stan- d Jooks and the tone of the ' voice; from 5 Kow.young mothers.remember day by day and hour by hour the mighty responsibility thatTcsts upon'jyou, such as you "must not, cannot shirk 'with impunity; if you do a day of awful reFoster not vanity- in morse awaits you! fantastic clothing, and rich Here again, you can know the comforts of home, and the web of life most assuredly, your girls by View'the scenes of'your own native land, Mothers, and those who have the care of frivolitv in heart and brain; teach them to ' come Be united with loved ones would all could .young children andjufants, should remember 'know that these are the orgaus, and these W'hb belong to your dear household band; sdiool themselves every day of .their alone, that produce.immortality. As they are to be Joy would" be "more compIete,;if we could here see lives, for even the infant imbibes the spirit of cultivated and exercised in this stage of existYour aged father with us once again; her who attends it day by day and hour by ence, so will they wake up on the morning of How much' we deplore he an. exile must be hour; delicacy and refinement should guard the resurrectionr:Devoter' at least, the next Through the actions of base, wicked men. every' action, for be assured the plastic soul twenty years to maturing and educating your You were missed from our meetings, and Sunday School, will "bear the impress given! Language, also, ; children; this will be to you the finest school " - too, should ever be guarded, that no words nor.ex- - on earth; there, equally with your children, ' ' None other your place here could fill; ciamauons may iau upon, me imam ear, uui' 'will you.be learning lessons that will fit and So you see it is' ready and waiting for you, ' that which' is' sweety h'armbnfous and 16vingv prepare you for eternity. Arouse that strong With the work of a good mission still. In bathing and dressing children,they should individuality that you all possess, more or less, our rew in miasi you win nna mar vaud benot-drawn-bcnanges are maue; frerealed witlrthe-- ? ame; ronsiderate-delicacexample orimport unity ' We're not noted for wonderful deeds, that would be given " to ah adult. I have from the "straight and narrow path," but, But have quietly kept our ward "in the shade," known children who exact this, and would 'having laid down plans for your own house . While was its seeds. sowing persecution and ' become tmraanagable if it was omitted,'and if hold, Keep "the even, tenor of your way," 1 L'. .A Ml - J J We are pleased, as we look once more orr your facepersisted in would break down to tears; these line ena wiiioe joy anu peace auu aausiai'uuu. .'Twas remembered as boyish and fair, are the naturally pure one3, that vividly "retain tuiu yuur uuiuzcu niu uau uii auu oau yuu But time, in its changes, has quietly placed ithe dignity of their prcexistent home their blessed,"-fothey will love, and more, respect ' is The stamp of true manhood there. parents also have 'been ot the; same; they are fyou. I know what I am talking about; it as We are proud of the mission filled in your youth. souls without spot or blemish, whom the angels practical truth; therefore, receive it though Its benefits you surely will prire; i ;vou .were my daughters; it is a small, but im- guard, for they are the beloved of the Lord. . . 1 . ?ii i ?r ; Experience has trught you lessons of truth portant legacy maa iew woras, dui n you wui By such a coarse chastity is induced and culti You could not have learned otherwise., remember it and carry it out, and then a great vated in the nursery. You have visited cities of great renown, How tenacious are the Scriptures on chasti- - deal more "unwritten philosophy," which you will discover as. you climb the hill of life, you i Their WonderS'you have tarried to viewf tyiboth in men and women equally binding will realize that I have spoken truth, and May all you have learned In the future be found on each. How ieartul and instantaneous were will discover A source of true knowledge, to you. . some of the punishments on those who broke ;you will rejoice Jbereiir, as you that the refinement of the soul is the polish 01 May time strengthen yOur faith, as the years go by. the law of chastity! heaven! True nobility does not receive its paMay your mission a 'blessing still be, Death before dishonor, was the motto of the tent from Westminster, or St. Paul, or any And the seed increase and multiply Knowles has worked into Sheridan Romans. You planted far over the sea. court, but direct from the chancery of one of his m t powerful dramas a display ot earthly heaven, through a pure, ancestry. F anrier's Ward, Novr, 1885. how this was carried- - out, in a most thrilling I wonder if vounff brothers ever com manner. It is founded oa. Koraan history. descend to read my the Exponent. I have heardV CHASTITY. Virgin ius, . a Roman citizen, has a lovely some ladies s&y they cannot read the small-taldaughter, who, being motherless, he has cen of the My readers, you may distered in her a strange and marvelous love; he cover aExponent! vein of sarcasm runs 'Ibat when a soul is found sincerely so has had her carefully educated, and she returns this littlestrongof mine as 1 echo their through words,but pen A thousand hVry-'- angels lackey her, it. all with loving interest; she is pure and do read it brothers my young brothers? Driving lar off each thing of guilt and sin. beautiful ' A debauched . Patrician, one in Thisray ask. is the question I r If so, I would tell Milton 's Comas, : to determines ; and seen has possess her, power, them the. reason I address my young sisters Most entirely dp i believe the above glorious KerV,, butt knowing t&P sterling worth of her more especially is because I know th&tucoman woras.oi tne lmmoria xkiiiwn, ne wnose ine father, and that he 'is a Itomari in very deedj has so often been the keeper of man's virtue, Dore.no moral siain now grana an epiiapn .10 he can only succeed by having him accused and when they meet in the great beyond those anbV arrested on "some trifling offence, for high be' written upon any(tombchastityI innocence to .whom she has been their guardian angel on He is,"of course, 'condemned; he is treas"6'6!; earth, will gladly acknowledge it, and such will shine with a "lustre, the splendor of which, is foul intent' he asks for" at present, we have no conception of. must be ones upon whom tne smile of, approval a few Moments. to bid his child farewell; it is honor my young brethren, I feel many Errahted. He has secured his' dagger,' and c,are beams from the Great Father of the iinive'rset commencing to be "burning and shining Ix)ve, that heavenly inheritance, cannot d weir while lavisMng- rJn her his soul of love, and lights" in the kingdom cf our God, and that is upon the smile of their Father God them.; Oh, may they set "their face as a flint" to walk the straight and narrow path that of the word; is1 almost 'Tpst on fi)i6:jgefiVetl father, by death before dishonor. Here was an leads to life and immortality, to be enabled to Name'lb'v"and to ?oui; opposite 'ii eetfJo.rjie immortal endorsement of "saintly chastity!' set their foot on everything that Would arise wretch: of off 'the drive indeed did the 'minds' Yirziniua l6i iha 'are' nadmass; they up4n to check their progress in the u p ward path, a an with deed Thi3 is sinlMr written a guilt ajld quamtea witn tne true aennitionr tr and be able to say, in the name of Jesus and tW h Jly principle it represents grj that It iron pen, dipped in holy" and sacred blood, fbr Christ, get thee behind me, even though the has only thesig'ni'fication of the sdunoV it has "5n ever iu, the archives of Rome, and landed and came in the form of an angel of light. l endorsed by eternal ages, and it stands out ia tempter thelipsInnocence before God will carry man or It is' an untold blessing to havef & purb ah bold relief, especially in this lax age, when the woman through life, and more, through death! cestry; especially a pure parentage. Chastity whole world seem3 tainted "with licentiousness! Bat without it I will not contemplate the reraust be an inherent quality' df the soulr the Still, we know that in all itges,' 'everywhere, verse; May the angels of God surround His schools can neither make or unmake nature, there have ever peen the virtuous and the pure, as a mighty phalanx, is my daily people y the been of salt rethe have the v and and mould earth, to that have though they thepower prayer. fine manners" and ideasthey, of course, cultirjreierjrihk'tfe . , .: Hannah T. King. she nor nave Dowea tne Knee 1,0 iooiisn iasmuu, vate, modify and improre, nature, though pe and they are 'of brinrJecent3i5factic63 the fcas:her nature bd. age, will scholin'tr . He that swears tells us that his bare word '.;icJ;;:;;f:c:A .those1 tnf ih'6nrthe aneekrrvait. Stilfj "" tnot to be credited. Bdljr I know' iHaTall YchcIing,"lhal p, educatipg people, ice1 rbse ubf and lefl 'bur - -- - ! . ; . . -- . i ' "' - : y y- ! - ' ' 1- -' r " 1 -- . : -- : - ! k -- : , d '" : , ! ' . J ' -- tne-wor- 1 " f to-da- . AHi-ji- j1 