WOMAN'S EXPONENT. G6 - r, i- rr.r.rf 4.-.-K! - i and-truthf- These are jth'e word- - and blesd ngsd feel to comnuinicate and leave with my dear heart. QTljl These two scenes have convinced me that v; inn; jft'r f.r u time,: telligence and. nobility of "character will surely delicate vwm(C, 'UJH'!- in. ;; ;rome J.n feet 'true love. Our religion teaches us to until after the tr'l the stronger, who w; to re-keep Ourselves pure, holy u t a if !. . vie, ht;)r( with prftratcil gard the marriage vow as something too sacred . . ... i. ,. ... I if..: to be trilled with. And then again, .When we arriving at .viiHi n;'-- ...iV.'i, ttlU'll V. O MO OH. 'die. My mother's think oi the great privileges we have or marry- - tt tim'f tor flii v.'c:l! r i -little one had vomnifd to nm --down with ing for time and :. eternity, it behooves each t h which was party todhink long and weH before taking that neethingretcrpni to tha; degree that.Mary We should make the never stcn. A lather's wives; who had one Ann Sheiliin, choice of a husband a matter of prayer, lived .with her in Nauvoo, bdng. anxious Ida. .".. her, took thi ()il(i, autl she loved and .rarftd for him as tenderly 'M though he had SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT bsen her own, till ;i;Ur we arrived :tt the end of our journey. . WINTER QUARTERS. : : ' old some r papers, I Lately, 'in ".kicking ov( to counsel found a" letter of exhortation and JJY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. in- Jaimn ...j- - I "' ul; ''--'l- ... . ft REQUISITE FOR GOOD. HOUSE-- , '.- s in favor of A great deal is said Much of it is well said. good housekeeping. But one essential to good housekeeping is never mentioned. It is never said that the "wives of men should not be made paupers." Yetdliis is really the word that most needs to - be said. r"r r 1.'VA AlVria rn. f mnin!(,r fV ' ITII'Oa themselves to their, families are as destitute of money as the poorest pauper. This is not al- nunra nil v. co Iipmikp flip hiwKfind is from More often, perhaps, it thoughtlessness. her-fir- st child before instance,-onFor wife,' was born, was offered no money for its little now-a-day- well-to-d- o arlits mhrr.VnitlyrwTiTin dictation, as 'ho was: about;. leaving Cutler's Tark to go with IVi Silent Youiig'to attend to -- (Continued-- ) TIr:nKii 0. KrMivAr.r '. good-faile- nt :.'''-ytVinen'. v - i h-- awd friend in the new nd ever lasting- covenant ' 5 - . j iiud)Ad, father " V ." - When hearing the rehearsal of trials, priva some business ; oveit!ie. ,iivef. It Is dated tions and hardshiDS endured bv the cam o of J S S;, birthday," and August. Israel, while journeying from the Mississippi hail been prnsvry.rd :ari-.ufathe'rV papers.; The mind the River to Missouri, my inadvertently words being' as apjoojiiate to day as then, I turns to that portion between , Nauvoo and 1) ;neiit t!iof those a reproduce Garden Grove, as the darkest in my memory. who wardrobe. She could not ask-foany. Hhe him in ihJ dight of a friend and reanhl We were poorly prepared for such an exodus; cut un her own fine frarments to make a supply. , J'oujiselor. jvise and many joining us who were anxious to come,She did the same" for the second. Before the counsel a. to of f':w Vvish .words"I .ft) iy birth,, of the third child, she said to her hiis- their own sustenance, ours had to foe divided my family :f.id t .' (i'i 1 mi el ong thereto both band, "1 have no money. 1 have cut up all .male and female, o'id jirnonir them. We had many weeks of cold. .'young, and what I my clothes" that were suitablefor the other insufficand Khali I teams our and siv unto aW, Hie being orruy weather, expect child ren. How am I to dress this oner say unto one t.h.of the rendered word. lent to draw loads, over tlie in be i'dl traveling heeded sene it to .. r surprised husband said: "Why did you not those soft praries next thing to an impossibility; Of .late there 'has. )r:'.i a 'great .deal of careltell me you needed money?" It had never the as we to mountains ml toihfn rness" with "occurred to him to offer any. He was a farmer, did; essness,- m pru drirce expecting, go over that year we were nut on rations, and had to many. of. the members of' my family as regards whose wiie,without help, cooked for the family lengthen out our flour and provisions in the to taking care of themselves going without and for the hired '.men. She made butter and most economical manner. ; During that time suitable-cl-Hhiniin cold, chilly All her cheese, and did the family sewing our sea biscuit, crackers, parched corn meal, weather, sitting out of doors under the bo .ver time was consumed in her housework and the etc., which were among the luxuries, molded, after dark, when if. is c l, vet weather, exjns- - care of her children.- - Before her marriage until finally they were fed out to our horses ins them-elve- s to si'ei:ne-- s ana deatli, which we she had a remunerative business. the and cattle. At the beginning of the journey have-- suffered mueln iA'-- The-- e tilings have means of gratifying her tastes, her wishes and the crackers went very well to eat dry, but caused me. much sorrow .and regret, aid have her How it must have token out of I'll never forget the first time I gaw a meal caused my family much ioil r.nd hardship and her, feelings. and heart, to find toil, day after courage made of sea biscuit broken into milk. I had ha-- h en us a which by 'breMight up.o4n ti ay, neither lightened nor brightened by the fatigue, called at Uncle Brigham's tent I had always whicii vrould have total neglect of coun-'ehope of even small means with which to do addressed hirn by that title where he was saved us these tilings. as die pleaded! This man and woman reprejust taking some for dinner, and he invited me "I "am now" alvW'FIt'a v i n g you f'.r a short time, sent a large class. to have a bowl; but I declined, with thanks, and I improve this opportunity .to address you whatever the class-- the custom prevails and a feeling of wonder how he could relish it. in .this 'manner. I loyeiny family, and I have of But, leaving the wife without money, and this is When it came to sitting down daily to milk ' never faltered for the lirst time in seekigg their as common as among the rich and and water porridge and crackers in it, it bewelfare, to pro v id, .v.-v- thing that lay in my auvwl came so nauseous that hunger could not tempt "still intend to, poweFf r (iieTr denne-TjTdi- d Now, it is easy to see that a wife me to eat it. inasmuch as my'e ntn-e- l can be reverted. Now, is not in the best position for pauperized hoine-nusk- ood ! J5 At this period the young, and even aged my tht-- : T inCt ali:do;nesti(-aflkir- s, or good housekeeping, to say nothing of feelingim mg people were forced to walk, if it were possible, as f:r as won'ien ar" concerned., are out of the anything else. The first and last word of a iroodlvy portion of the wav to save tha teams .da for: when called 'while it v',' the 7 " i; Way night tlioseiwhoi really --desi re-- to im pro ve the homtr j berstorrasri oiuellFn o man c:tn work; lor. the L on I say . iioatterhatlkeLiveather-mig- ht should be one to improve the condition of the e or excessive heat, or how weary, faint and in a certain revroatiou,. 'Retire to- thy d)ed in the special direction of relievwe became, there was no alternative but that that early, thy body may ing her from a penniless state. .Much has to endure till we had reached the spot called may r:i:iny.' thy days been, said and written in favor of good Garden Grove. Here they unpacked and these' things' at your "Now, I shall Now let us hear something of the sent out many valuables into the Missouri settances shall otherwise hands, except (!.,:-;.way to help wives to such a share of the family tlements and exchanged them for provisions ; unity, soek humility and direct, ('ease income, be it little or much, as shall save thm and the most needful articles. They also meekness, bow- - bfdv t lie Lrd iirthe morning the sense of being either beggars or paufrom. traded horses for oxen and milch cows, and and at eve-aniv; -- (ioiii'f be ilavs your may pers. This is one essential requisite to secure from that time our living was more corafort- looutiif-shall soothe your ' manv, peace and good housekeeping, '; L; S. able. Father's and Bishop Whitney's families health uii ln ppiness shall dwell in were divided up "into messes, each tent having thy wagons, lent vi ir warns and cottages. one or two women to cook- for the teamsters, while these thimj- - vry observed t ease from and wagons wereprovided for all the women "Lady. Tennyson is in 'a state of ill health or c 'nnphiip.ing, finding fault with murmuring that causes her friends great anxiety.1' and their little children to ride and sWn m friends or v. ieh other, but manifest your at night. Although we were not rid of hard- to all men and v'o'n.'n Mrs. Helen Jackson left several by your, works and the unpublished ships and vexations, consequent upon the closeness of ynri-r- leu 2 the integrity of manuscripts. Her last work was a storv of nnl moving of a great camp, and the intense heat your ea r t hai; , you"' .re. a:ul that (iod -- humble life in the West, entitled s,j It of the weather, we certainly had little cause "Zeph." is with ih o'f. ;i .tniih. aivvavs do and shall was , finished her fatal for complaint compared with what we had exillness, and is during uM tir:- -' : ::.. mv house, expert now, with other manuscripts, in the hands of perienced previously, and the rest of our jourwill ivnv'mhcr the "that T'mav" Lord, her publishers, Messrs. Roberts Brothers. A x ney was made with comparative ease. have wisd )fi"j, h niiMe, palience and endurance new edition of the The whoopirg cough, which had so , "Century of Dishonor," sorely to endu re al I -- til in 7 1 !i a t I "niay""advay"givc" afflicted rav mother's ha hpR rwrliom Will o ..1 carefully revised, and with additional matter suitable counsel to" my family, even that that is soon to, be published by Roberts Brothers. previous to starting from Nauvoo.grew lighter shall I never Mrs. Jackson's latest poem, "A Rose proceed from .tho Moly 'ihost.-fofrom the time we commenced camping out at Leaf," wish to conned Uv any rnhe.r will be with spirit. published, in and Mother illustrations, 1 Sugar Creek, Outing Whitney babe, I now feel to i) voii ail in the name of Of this poem, Mrs. Jackson Mary, which had been sick unto death, imthe lord God df Israel, witfi p ace, prosperity wrote to the editor that she actually dreamed proved rapidly from that date. There were .and "n alvation, thxf -- n -- jl i.V..-it, and awoke with it on her lips. Ex. jUlrc . :!' tln, 't j i- o - -i r - 1 1 l . ... - -- i r afid-;tw-kin-- , "1 j 1 She-had- i , - - - i l, . . , , well-to-d- o " a ? X. 7 I . foot--sor- home-make- r, house-kecpin- . . -- fr-e- -- d 1 . bo-om- s, - .. a-.- ' 1 . 1 , eon-titui- e nie-l-r-.r- .. --- for-Octob- . i. er. . ' g. 