WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 46 "iTcan be done, and much to our credit. The branch Serre'arv will better kgyJlPy to' setde. hefjoa-jr-. wi'd for her, and difnctdties.than the : be ;yery-- particular th at, tneir they-arailvj.4.-tr e par ts tnrtr a t el v. must le brought- to that condition at lastrand the evil will be less the earlier corrected. We wish to mention our feelihs'o'f satisfaction and encouragement in ; the lajproyement observ able in the reports. No secretary will ever ret gfet the time. spent iii learning to be a first class book keeper. trouble and WHWkrTrTipoTTTr president, at cp.--f?to. ta-- . blanks,-hopingot new a least short supp';v cilitatc matters' somewhat.' Many, have' not remit-- : ted, and rue requested to do so at Manliest cOnveni-encas more blanks are now needed. We have nofcntral fund, and work on expectations of returns. Those desiring blanks after this will please send to Dr. H. i). Pratt, over Godbe and Pitts' rrT-Wdrugstore; ofi'ice! hours from r to 6 'p.m.solicit every .stake to be. prompt in. its report at latest bythe2otij3f; stake-secretar- o : - - ' . ' ' e. " - enjtly ocpiemoei ... " . x() v : A n- e tor of tfiH vast univeivo, vit!i ajl us vmiic her Counselors,' Miss Agnes Underwood and Miss charm t ho eye sum gt.Hiien t m sou one or -- wi 4iea4-- i ic seatwi Bessie Dane, would do not !vliev that any the" tables,. UU b'.(uii.-e-f KdMfiio mi infidel education, hm. A f wvffl rLm. meeting commenced m m'.iico'a hhow.fmd rc nrtM&ta inert it: ut to Half. Mrs Man- - Irvine presiding. 'Opened . : . rem onieciJL ucn a cnarae .by siarg, ''Gladly Meeting", rrayer oy tor would serve thcylird of this world arid look 'IT."i'- you think! to pray." Johuifvke. "Sin-nv- :, could not injoy.t.h'J no Tiihvri.-tcrdingl- y l.istaanua-- meeting were read and MfmStes which a higher aim would bring to excellent opening address by "at proved j then-an- " "' him. :.' Co tin. Agnes Underwood Btit one whotujdiciH to benefit li.imself will f eemtcrcTp lyra c u .' opening luDiir:ss. , others, and a J)?ndil . h?1 Kr.rl liirdl v u liOh' "rtliiiiL mind otul ' u-- ,' -- t . r-iuer -- of-the- " -- j ' :" The first term of . Dr. Ellis. R. Shipp's school, in midwife- -' will begin' Oct. 1st, j at her office, - " ANI) OKXTLrfMfV L -- . ' : . '. .. - . the-caref- . Jittle, tor such are our capacities. Only a short time ago a young lady read to me a lecture by a reverend gen tleman, delivered in llrodkl vn. He .quotctl Scripture ihieiitly, and correctly, tod; but what did he do with it:" I listened, with' dbgut while he took passages given in the Old Te?ia-rneby the. prophets to govern society at that and dime, again' in the days'.of Jeus and IJ:s iiisci nl es, w hieh - every; r U en rln cTnTe venerates, and made them clatli manner. 'Whv," snid the lady. . ": y' nt d be-able- -se- , . - " ' . . .: es eum-herated- . n 1 - - d-i- TrAT God, of alwiw Kuler o Turnfl o- J j . v' exerri-plify--"in- JnJtiie-most-ridiculou- . s ri NVell, I replied, ''I will answer you by 'asking a question. The furniture in 'this room i aU'iiseful, and ornamental, too. It' I shuuld take thn; lamp and dash it at" the mirror, and a chair nt the sewing machine and take the dishes ami dash them at everything else in the room, what would bj the result?" "Confusion," 'she re-- 7 plied. "Yes, and destruction, too," said I." "That lecture," said I, "has the same fleet on the human mitul. Jt may answer lor fun and pastime for those who are given up to frivolk ty, but it would lead to lunacy. It. will you will admit; you would expect him to give vou i more beautiful' picture, but 'he leaves yon without anything to love or admire jo our Heavenly Father's words; and yet, the young and thoughtless will listen and drink into such absurdities, and grow reckless. May our young peo)Ie lieeome more sound in mind ana pure jn principles, is prayer. - This scientific preacher my has so perverted the 1 . "uoes-ii()t-nefiU- itorrectly? (te cjii-J'us- e, Jiihlethat would. irvf.r w'tUhad not previously read it for. am : myself thankful, however, that I have a knowled-- e of ibr contents, and I. know that his popular sei6ntinG lecturer quotes correctly. But whv did he study it so thoroughly?-" Vas ifconlV to pervert its sacred pages? for" sacred it surely .v nwj iiavu r , the Wlfli !)r,rl i.vntr iearn(ia44V'rtrits 'P.. .L j.u uitMii who Know me L,onI hears and answers did ' as'IIe prayor in the days m which theUible was written: to hose wno have been healed by the prayer of f ai th, and have been blessed, even us Job was, and suffered, also, almost as Job suffered, know ing wXbdievinp only, that this has been dono -in wisdom vy the faithful Saint, for such may one well b9 called who lives ia accord-anc- e with the law of Christ. ueh an one earns for a su r ety th a t He is th e sam e and forever. Tho,e who lived' beday, fore Christ leaned the same lesions, by obeythe :laws of God given to them; and thus ing good and eir experience recorded .f I I 1 p,-0v- 1 to-da- y un(JerhLglutwe:en but f?rblB?ej Crea rsttrcTCTT-honestl- to 'ourselves and our. asoirations. pvrr - -Then onward. and we little .upivani gain by that future for our weak - " 1 thatjmJiejffiLweTiyLarightanu earth", generations may; not only- thank usendeavors. 'but-'feeto bless him who wrik intnu mentai in the hands, of God in organizing these Associations. All '.honor.' then, to our lamented Prophet, iirigham Young. We can truly say, "Though thou art .absent thou artnol forgot-ten- a-atl-y . ff . ; - . lam, as aho the fountain of light aiifi int(dli-genee- , from which knowledge is obtained ab(I through which those laculties. are developr-d,Could such a one doubt the existence oi a Creator? Nol no! lie would increase in lave aim iiiuuiraiiuu aj lie iiuv.uicvu 111 ccieiioiv Knowing everything i? govt,rneU by Ju'wh, there mu-- t have been u great first cause or whose nurnoses are bevond our coninrc- -' heiition, yet not beyoiid the reach of obiainijig ""Uc have met here this evening, as you all know, to celebrate the 'anniversary of our Young Ladies' Association, an association which lve hope to make one of the best of its kind And w'e feel,Jthougk we are only two years old,-our influence bas been felt; and that for goodf True, our progress may have been slow, but I observer' must admit that it has' think been ecuallv sure. Our hope and aim is to here form the characters of .some Ofthe noblest women Ihaave evrftced-thrS-fai- T ... .' No, iH, Main St., with improvecLfacilities We, as "'Latter-daSaints,' believe in woman's in tins for. education important branch. iights,-and""w- e mean to maintain them. We claim The already invaluable opportunities of tin's. it is our and rieht our to become conversant dctv .schdoLare greatly-enhanceby the late addition with the topics ofj he jl y, that we may of three complete sets of new chart's, cope with the. oppression that may be brought upmosraccuruteiy the subjects treated upon. on us by our enemies striving to become intelli The practical advantages are also increased by .., Jn rnn'. gent and brighandjiejrjiegUct wltlrethe heart of every true woman 'should be. n-tlng to Dr- 'ShTppIs- - class making a We have material here for a noble structure, and weekly visit to thai institution, there - receiving if properly cared for will be ont of which we can .clinical,. or bedside instruction on the nursing, care be honestly proud. and treatment of the sick and injured. And in this Association ve will, by the help of In addition several prominent physicians of onr Heavenly Father, strive, to learn and teach Salt Lake have signified their willingness to give those things that will enable us to associate with a mimberof lectin cs upon obstetrics and kindred the good and noble cf this earth, and tit us to subjects. dwell with the angels and the Gods; arid we will The members of this class will meet one even-- ' strive so to spend our time here, that we shall. ing ia every week to read medical periodicals, and be missed when , we pass away, and those who discuss chosen sul jeets, that they may thus be have been associated with ns will be, the belter for kept posted on the medical literature of the day.. -- : " " .our influence. .One main object kept in vlewjis to utilize every mfimonf nt timp- in r.rrlrr in rin- - ill iU& "May each rosy morn, dressed in mantles of peace', ' .: knowledge possible in tlu: time devoted to this .Shed hcal'h o'er our dwellings and our blessings increase." study. A Recitation by Miss Emily Deane, I'Jennie 'i'iie railroad i Vficials have shown their benevoMiss McNealj" Organ Solo,. Vilate Nebeker; lence in g!a!i:':n;.-stu-.!ent- s half fare to those ladies on Character, Miss Jane Essay, . Albrand, which attending this class. some very excellent ideas; Son Miss contained A full coai st: of siudy consists of three terms of iiessie Jeane, 'Torsive and Forget :" Lecture nn twelve weeks the time being lengthened the Mind, MUs Ella Nebeker; one "of the best" from ten to twelve' 'weeks, in order to give time proaucuons on Uie .subject that .we have ever for the increased Opportunities; Two lessons, will neara given, and would-bea- r repeating in every iui wria.;iiie atiuui.on or inc oppor--tunitiAssociation in the citv. above - Ijriu addresses, upon subjects suitable to the Terms: Twenty dollars for twelver; weeks. the elevation, improvement.. occasion, aad educa J'ooks, ranging fiom 'twelve to nineteen dollars, tion of the youth of Zion, were then made the by Sisaccording la quality desired. Those wishing ters M. Y. Dougal, Nci.iie Colebrook -to ;V.ia this class-shouland E S communicate with Dr. Shipp at the cxin'CTucnceTrtTigL-neces- : vas rendered, and .t following that, remarks were ea-lor. books. sary to made by Sisters M; IIome and E. B.Wells-tneclosing remarks .byl4e President, who mani- 'AN X I V MR H A i Y G A T 1 1 E R I X G . ested a aeep and heartfelt interest in the advancement and progress of the younff -- Iris 0Vfcf vhom she presides.: The .Annual meeting of the Y. L. M. I. A. of : the NincIteatU Wain Meetings djournedr Bene- house. on Tuesday. July 2i?.t,at six o'clock. Three diction by Elder Bv water tables wcie spread :a the adjoining hall, and Over L w one hun Jred J u.die:.sa n r sumptuous re:" ciexcj:? past.. :Chcsfi'ruits and beautiful llowers -- raced the ta!es,,and you ng girls in dainty muslin ' caps Would you suppOSO (br a and white di sses, iiuticred about waitiir-- uoon momnht tW nor ? well " educated, thus, who the tables, looking very charminjr, indeed Mrs great attainments in Science, could i President of the Irvine, Mary Association, and an extccce;of a -- ; . I - our e x t I H-l- at-ti- w-e- ' . y'r- evil" v 