WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 44 W'k trust the listers in- - the -- country settlements as well as tose in the city and throughout the , se vera! Stakes of Zion will take notice of the t-- GovernorMurray was Then introduced as of the dav and delivered' the opening ad. dress,, a written one,, alter w hich he announced - the - Ritual : 5 emee ol the G rand Army to tn e r Editor. B. EMMEL1SE WELLS, Record of the Dead by James B. McKean Post. At the command 'At ie niiortfrom Commander rose tofd&ZW one copy one year, fi.fXV one copy mxJjmiuI:?, 5 l.oo. " 'ihelr fecf and were asked yjhtf Commander, for copfe fn the price of nine. Advertising rates:';" Each square, ten lines of nonpareil what purpose' was this meeting called, and also monrb."Si03r A liberal 'discount fcTwiw. nn-- . tim,if they had, a record of the services of the honadvertisers.'to regular to ored dead in the cause of our country Exponent office, Room Xo. i. upstairs, Hooper A EldredgSi and : which, they replied in the affirmative formally, b 10 tTxeept to n.m. Sunday. to from read it. day, every comrade hour: p.m. and pblitelv requested Murray EXPONENT. WO.MA " " and-.wuse their tn-- " ill Shipp's class in midwifery ; Huence in. oehalf of medical .students from the h ihrv rpJHr. thni those whnr . - .3Ar-r- er ; ec, .. " a I business communications to PCBLISIIEit WOMAN'S EXPONENT, "'; 7 " :;Arr Salt. Lake Citv, ' Eatce jtr.y.- Utah. August 15, 1SS5. MEMORIAL-- SERVICES. On the same day that the funeral or Gen. Grant was being solemnized in New York City memori' al services were also held in all the large cities throughout the United States. The funeral of was this ?reat General and most and the grandest imposing of that of any American, however distinguished he may have been. Full descriptions of the ceremonies and complete reports ofthe addresses delivered are published in the. Eastern journals and hews Ex-Preside- nt ; papers. were performed for Gen. Grant in Westminster Abbey onthe4th of August No greater, compliment could . be paid to hi. memory by the English people. Canon Ferrar one of the most celebrated divines of modern times delivered an address wnicn embodied the most delicate sentiments of affection and friend- Memorial, services battle andjiis devotion to his country in times of peace. His own countrymen could scarcely do him more justice or offer truer praise than the tribute this eminent preacher paid to his goodness and greatness. Preparations on quite a grand scale were begun in this city at an early date, the matter being in the hands of a committee of the G. A. R. The same day that the funeral of Gen. Grant took place.iu New York, memorial services were held in Liberty Park in this city in which thousands of people joined. The procession was quite an elaborate one. and made an imposingo disnlav a " j it wended its way through the streets on the route to the Park, with muffler! drum; .nnri funn! marches. All. the principal; personages were seated on the platforrn which was quite handsome ly draped in black, enlivened here and ther6 with w.hite garlands, wreaths, crosses and other orna ments of choice, flowers were displayed, crape and ribbon; black and white, were wound "around pillars and. in suitable places giyin" the platform a very handsome appearance as a tribute of beauty as well as symbol of mourning. A very large painting of Gen Grant by Dan Wiggeland of this city was con spicuouslv placed at the back of the to le noticable by all the people assembled. It was heavily and gracefully draped in crape. Another smaller painting was on the speaker's table which was tastefully draped in crape with ribbon and tiowers. Several bands of music were in attendance disposed in different parts of the assembly and played alternately. The first part of the procession arrived at the park about 11.30 and the last afterv;i2. Soon after. Commander Hoffman called the meeting to order and the Opera House Band played in a very feeling and pathetic "Nearer my God to thee.'' ChapTaTnf1tW style day" Rev. John Walker Jackson made the openin-Dravat the. rln , , v.n.uj; ulc i,ora s prayer xi HUH.H mi me uicnrucrs ot brnrtd Armv of the rZ" Kepub'ic joined. " -- 1 and-elega- 1 nt . er. 1 1 1 jcrrernoT-MT- nti n Wl it fimo in tirriA th A " at f ln 1 ftn tit ft u rc physicians may have those in their own neighbor- hoods capable of officiating under any circumstances. Dr. Shipp has had considerable experience in teaching and lias a pleasant manner frm -" -- 1 and of imparting instruction, of adapting Ker v hngiragcrheOTO m : using short and simple words and phrases easily Dead, a very . graphically written and elaborate instead of those difficult terms which paper containing historical data and incidents of understood, his military life also his presidential career and. require so much explanation afterwards. She is sympathetic in her, nature and enters into the closing with some telling paragraphs, laudatory . and ambitions ot the students. of his life and character as a soldier a statesman It is an exceUent opportunity ifor obtaintng' and a citizen of the world. At the close of the knowleclge that can be applied for the good of. reading Commander Hottman said: "The record humanity- - and it is a profession for which the is an honorable one, and as the memory world wiiralways Thave a place. Young women faithful soldiers of the Republic should be who wish to obtain knowledge of the human cherished, and their record preserved. I direct that it be placed in the archives of the Post for organism would do well to attend these lectures even if they never made other use of the intellii .future reference. ' The Ritual service, of the G. A. R. by the gence except in the matter of caring for themselves and their own offspring. Dr. Shipp has proved Chaplain respoaded to by comrades was the next exercise in tne oraer 01 tne a ay, alter wnicn herself a thoroughly competent teacher, and ought to have a wide patronage. Governor Ramsey gave a written speech very ap preciative and eulogistic of the great General and The circular of the Brigham Young Academy his friendship for the man. Judge Bennett's was at Provo, of the tenth academic year has been the next written address and was more elaborate received and glancing through it - We find everyin composition than any of the others. His man thing is taught there that it is desirable for the ner in delivering it was strikingly emotional. W. Sciences music young people to learn. Arts-a- nd C. HaU'was-nexprogramme," his speech and needlework are included. There is also a was short and comprehensive.. Theological Department conducted with the utHon. Arthur L.Thomas made the closing address, most care and there is a erand opportunity for and speaking without notes and in a very earnest a is which religious training proper balance to tone of voice with an impressive manner seemed all other studies. Professor Karl G. Maeser is really the most inspirational of all the speeches the principal of the institution. He has had a long delivered. The Chaplain pronounced the beneand wide experience as a teacher and is prodiction and the exercises closed with music by foundly thoughtful as well as educationally prothe band. The several bands played some very ficient on all subjects mental, moral and spiritual. inspiring music at intervals during the exercises We have also received the circular of the and altogether the gathering was a very creditable Brigham Young College at Logan of the one in every respect except for the entire absence eighth collegiate year. The. circular contains a of, vocal music which made one feel that somehistorical sketch of the founding and progress of thing was lacking. the college since its commencement, also it reThe day was a perfect one and there was not the ligious features, and Preparatory, Normal, and adslightest inharmony in anything to annoy or weary vanced Courses and Graduation. Terms Vacations those who assembled to pay a fitting tribute to the and names of students 5 of " and of those honored dead. who received certificates etc. Concluding Remarks upon the present capacities and facilities of the colEDITORIAL NOTES. lege. Both these institutions offer excellent opportunities for the young people of the Territory boys The Children's Primary Fair of tliis stake, will, and girls alike and are situated in towns where there it is anticipatedbe held in this city,about the time are ample accomodations for. students and where of the Quarterly Conference in September. The provisions of all kinds are reasonably cheap. little folks in each Primary Association should be Board costing only three dollars per week. It is making preparations so as to make a good show a source of congratulation to a new territory Tike ing, ine place ot holding it has not yet been Utah to have three such fine institutions of decided upon,bul due notice will be given through learning as the Deseret" University in Salt Lake: the papers. ' Ciiy, Brigham Young Academy in Provo and the We regret exceedingly to learn that Helen Brigham'Young College in Logari, where all the Hunt Jackaon the celebrated author H. H. is rebranches of highest learning are taught by teachported to be dying in San Francisco where she ers eminently qualified for the positions they has been declining in health for the have been chosen to fill. past four months. Mrs. Jackson is one of the most intelligent women of modern times, and one of the, WHY PLURAL MARRIAGE IS FOR-- . most charming women Jn .manner and conBIDDEN IN THE BOOK OF versation. With a superior education and a MORMON. world-wid- e as celebrity a writer she has no such affectation as, many distinguished Editor .Exponent: people displav in their association with the the 1 desire to people. Her work submit a few thoughts suggested upand travels among the Indians was one that told on reading the article entitled "Some facts plainly' the story.of her genuine feeling for the set forth," published in number oppressed vol of your 4, 14, her keen sense of injustice with w hich they had valuable paper. been treated. To obtain exact chronological dates of events We hope to hear that Mrs Jackson is recover. that transpired as recorded in the Bpok of MorinS for she isJne fit those-whJife mon is, perhaps, impossible, but a rerv close ao- 10 tne world at large, , ' j proximate can be arrived at. ' feel-ings,desi- res of-all- - . . " " on-th- e t 1884-188- . . ose . 4 - 