WOMAN'SEXPONENT.r A reunion; is a meeting of associates, and mbe-fo- r specified purpose r.Jieunior iare held to meet t?yMww to sho vv re?K!t 55-cm- DIALOGUE. rve4t; ox "soHeiiesl Sy .V- - yie; to minion y is .a, v- . k i nd' tr dlTmlTb rking" i they-are;aU"iVJ- from that. j j f a iOmisoii7friviiig"ib assist in building up t' the ivingdom of God upon the earth. Ma I have an extract from the history Joseph Smith, which 'defines: the duties of the Relief Society, and givC-- theiia mes uf the the5 lu--.i- s officers. Rose. m . : . your extract, and then the, rest of us will follow with our please give u infur-matio- ' : I can repeat it. He says: "March 24 I attended, by rciuesfc, the-- Femaje Relief. Ma. lightly..' Iu all their tribulation they This yet prosperous and contented. and contentment from their prosperity sprang obedience to. God and to the whimperings of the Holy Spirit, so' that in all their adversity they could yet rejoice and praise God. Through 'and were . eo ' ; of the Society, whose object is the the destitute, toe a;ed t:ie orphan, and for the exercise of aii benevolent purposes. Its organization was completed this day. .3frs. Emma Smith takes the presidential chair; Mrs. Elizabeth Ann' Whitney and Mrs. .Sarah Ann Cleveland are her counselors; Miss Elvira Cole is treasurer; and our and talented poete.-Mi?s Eliza R, Snow, relh-- f vid-:',v- ; His blessings they have made the desert waste bloom with the prosperity of civiiizaticn. .Their homes have been blessed with children who have grown up in the fear of the Lord, while all around the Give"r of all good has smiled, upon them with prosperity. In common with and them, we erjoy all these mercies is whilejstf'doiug, it highly proper to remember thecircumstances that .brought these about, nhe vicissitudes that created tbem under thepo.ver and guidance of God. x It is proper to meet together, and. reflecting upon the past, remember that it is our parents' adversity -- which has led to our prosperity; their inspiration which has led to our knowledge; their faith and works which inspire us to diligence in the great work which lies before us. It is proper and well that we meet together in reunion in honor of our parents, to show that we appreciate what they have done for us, that the love of their labors, toils, trials, is not for-- ; We cannot do gotten by their children. show to our enough appreciation, but they may rest assured that we love them. As sons and '. daughters of such noble sires men and, women who battled and overcame, who planted Jbe feet .of prosperity in .the desertr we meet, in a land which you have made delightful, to welcome you to our jittle reunion, to extend our !ovc to you, to ask the Father of. all to continue his blessings upon you. .We can offer you no great things, but as your children we meet, and with one accord, in songs and voices of praise, gratitude, love, niake the proud heavens of our free land ring from mountain to mountain with vour chil' dren's "God bless you." -- . - Reporter. Ogden, Utah, Aug. 27, 183-3- . l p-.-or, , i:;e.-lin- Vice-Presiden- well-know- n v Ait-Mii- . Roue- - read h? u-.i- e p-ig- 'aml-oiKrsf-'l- t these bleisinu by a' virruous i ire, and 'conver-'- ' i:i keeping all the sation, and. diiig.-noOil lai:'e 40 W Omen 1 m u.iaiiuiciii, mittees with uua-irL.aeior- l. l. .. i' ... orr - ,' vis'linr'- . - If eve : 1 h,n 1 fl cw-.i-rp- fr- - young friend ne- - the-glorio- j. await'Vi t jiem. JCa. I wiil repeat et j. same article, on; pag-. j j ,r-;- n, j 4 1 Coin gleeted or overlookede'' Where des .the Relief Societr trie! r means to woit: with? ''El. 'J'hev had hv.t tt.h in by working they'jiddU) their ai)ta, and tha Rn-?e- i the decervin suojects- of c5mn.:y ate. seldom, - -- i aims-nouse.sv-te- j. 'hicr U inntr fr.n'd tn.uv tLdii liiPi? a war e "of; thai the graiitu de-- o f all good men , of the young people whom he hail so much benefited, would fidiow him through life, and when grev hntr.s should Lis temples adorn he cou!d look back with pleasure upon the winter or 14. v.i;en v;n imr - i . in nmm,i , . P . nenev tiie cause ,01 olence, ana )reparing his I Mortni-inroni- or-- " had undertaken, die said. it would-btha means of ckdmr much L'ood. and of benefit- - iorTPiouruii an item inon I ' i.v?.'uL'. JisLca ie.e. these organization uui! lias no Jhouses. Urhhir the ki::d and this societ y the .warih feel in u chr ess better-f'utjjtiumiJiated, ana are led, than any . Is extant. an uomiraojc- k v-io- ' 1 work c6n-mandmcnt- - Ea. it in; I would like to "" . .pris-sessio- e is " meetings, and gaye themt very good instruc- - ' tions. JJut Drothcr Ileler C. Kimbali took ' the lead jn organizing fhem. . Ma. I will try to repeat an extract, which may be found on page .155, vol. iv., "Times and Seasons." Preident Smith was present at cue of their meetings, when "ho expressed r Ids gratitude to Eider Kiniball in the strongest, terms for having camiiieiiced and carried on in'vj masterly a mani.tr the good and glorious jmem.ber?,. gave1 a deotu'rd-- on theJiethiL- n showdng how the sisters woukl come in of the privileges, blessings, and gifts of the Priesthood, and signs should "follow them such a? healiiig the sick, casting out ; """ The "Times and Season," vol. iv., ." e hat book """ Miu. I was there and heard her read it. They liad such good meetings. Joseph Smith charity in a ConspicuLi5 manner." Mi'. On another occasion he "said:' "I" met the members of the Female Reiie'f Society, aril after presiding at the admis.don of many new devih; eteyiinu' thal; Vv ' Ma and kindness;; but the cruel they have Miss'.Hiri-:hareceivecLfrom4heJ)arluiiai)S- of i. hitherto prevented their exudiag the hand of - t; - secretary." Eth: In speak inir of :ers of oui -lie saw:"Our ladies Church, nave alwr been signalized lor their acts of benevolence to-da- ; , n. pa-se- -- each Winning, deserved applause from the assembled thousands." . Ka. You will find in vol.. iv., page 287, "Times and Seasons," the first annual report of the, ..llelief' Society. They received during that year iu money, clothing, and provisions 507 dollars Of that, 306 dollars and 48 cents wa.5 expended Tor the relief of the poor. Mi. The Relief Society Central Board was or.raijize.rJune 19th, 1880.' with the following named officers: Mrs. E. R. S. Smithy President; rlrs. Zina D. Ii. Young, Mr?. Elizabeth 'Ann Whitney,' counselors; Mrs; Sarah M. Kimball, IIoriie treasecretary; and 3irs. M. Since then Sister Whivtuey died. Ma. Yes: but ihe vacancy caused by her death has not yet been. .officially filled. Elk. Was the Young Ladies' Association the next one organized? Ma. Yes; that was the second organization .of the women, but there wa3 an organization iu Isauvoo called the Young Gentlemen's and LdieV" Relief Society. dheydieid their first" g .one evening in! the latter part of January, 184;. But their organization was not completed until the 21st of March the sa m e year, with V iii iam Yai ker, President; V iiiiam Lorin Walker, Cutler, James anl ; Monroe, secretary. treasurer; Rose.I have never heard-o- f that before. ry read the account of their' orseveral t of us a few days ago ganization And'i. ELllavy g, surer. Mia. t . I, too, have an extract Mia The laying of the cornerstone of that buihiing wa)eiirmed EE On page I pi. "Women of Mormondom" I found an item which'! will repeat: "This ceremony the Jayiug of the corner-stonbeing performed, was followed y appropriate on the part of the presiding ofiu'ers of the society, Mrs. S, M. Kimball,. Eliza It. Snow, and others, each in liufn for a rostrum, and mounting the crner-tone i u-z- .' "l:- ... . " : -.- . ..... speech-makin- - time until tno pi Ma. iNo; it was iovpeiativo from 1340, the time of the exodu of the Saints fro;n Nsuvoo, until" d 85'j,;wheii it' vvas reorganized iL-ilt Lake Citv. ElJt. And now. there many; orauc of the Relief Society.' Yes; there; are niany branch:?, but : e '. ceived the jeers of the cold world They kept steadfast, however, for .their guide was the Lord, and their trust the power of Omnipotence. There is no necessity here to more than remind the audience, of the cares, labors, trials, ' -- ' Has it been; continued I wonder wherTho first Helief -- ; - temptations and obstacles that have silvered the hairs of the noble men 'and women whose labors have brought us peace and plenty. They are too well known to need "'"recounting. Tlnriesson we may learn, however, from their d over so easily experience should not be City, 7- r Katie. l$7jeietv have--' t -. na vlict'TrabTTrrcTr firsts, .sMian ie.Tji "rJl.ci iei S.ociety-con- ici does it not? ' R)e'Yc?'r til at win the- fi'ritLedone organized. bv Jorenh iEthct. Thatva irisii bat-mthe fbnrolidate or Smith; ' organization.-- ' .:'-iie.lt'wiorganized March,. 17th, 18 lii. . ofio Society house, was built? M-ln the Fifteeiith Ward, Salt Lake - '.-..- Some "branches1 houses tomefct in. Jtvie. -- s """6 Fmah Eik. iJMcfrdjutit Knife.! Mar v. Now; iriiis, "irs w'i met m ae- cojdatica with our appoiritmcift, we; will ;.pro- ceed to give an account of tin) :dlflererrt organisations of the asters, 'and the- object of their organization, or what "items' of inlorma-Tioirw- e vately, we delight to show them in the society of our friends and the public. There is sweet, melody in the sound of father and mother. 'We love to pronounce these the 'merry The. sound delights us-awords. ripple of the brook; and we love them as the return of spring with the music of birds. "When we think of their labors for us, none among us can fail to feel the importance of their mission, nor see the magnitude' of their They reIn for our done have good. many things gardto parents, we are-'- somewhat. differently situated from many of the children of the earth, . Our parents Were reformers.They marked out for themselves, early in lie, a path which varied from that iu which .the majority - - Character: 3!ary, Minnie, Rmcy'Elhcl 1 r-- yoTTSg .'vie. IX-.J- ;. is sure to bless everybody wlio works for the ' building up of his kingdom, whether mill v iuuiu j y or AHeGUVtiV, - jjord , h how reou to word r fathers , spect, iii cveryseuse b'f th e to invited have We .whom and mothers spend a - few hours' with us. While we' trust we. have so conducted ourselves that our parents are well " aware that we venerate, love and respect them, the yet Ave have invited them here to show sh-fi bh-sahre rega r dwh wt -e heri o 1 e o i pri- Our meeting to-da- 63 . careerwhich us , , extract from the 157: "If the youth throughout the Jjud would follow this good exampie, a gu form themselves into such ao- cietiec, theia woU!dd mucii less - an-hthe- yr 8m,-iniqQit- ' - 