AV JL- --t Cti&ELlSrs. jke E at tor. Slt Like Uty Utah oca copy six mouths 'TemKcfeopye year, $:X X of nine. Advertising $1.00 Ten topiee for the price of rates: Each s iaare, ten lines nonpareil tpce, one c jam-literal discount to time, $2J5k ' advertisers. Exposes Office, Room No-. iTnp stairs, flooper fend doors, south of Erdredje Block, MaiuStn-eV-a-.'few- ' 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Z. U. M. I. Business hours from every day, except Sunday. to ail communications , business 7 Address Publisher Woman 'ExroxsxT, ' ' : Salt Lake City Utah. ' : futa:stftl Kdl-avUJi!- in j, 10 v the conclusion tfiat thia is an eventful period of time Euthaaaka?. war?, acaldenti of allklndi disturb meea of the elements of na'ure on the land and on the sea all thinga,and othtrs ' c:mbmed, to the p ophetic mind portend some cni Yfont- - mn5foffl-)- nr rnl.Tifna'ion ai ii the distant time in .the unknovrn future. Those who read the Sip lures, particularly those in- spirational books, Iea'ab, Jeremiah and ilaFachf havfl intprnrRtntlon of the dav and aze in which we live unrojaeu ueure mm as cijjtujy as one can see hla own face in a mirror. Thoee who shut thoir eyes and harden the'r hearts my not sea and understand these thingi, but they will awaken one dsy to the full reality, MaDy are disposed to meet ycu with cuch . reasonings as theae: "O It is only a repetition of p vs hUtOTy , iroa r&cro iiayo always Veen wars and desolation and famine and oppression, and therefore timewiJLcjntinueto run its course," "and there ia nothing greater to be expected than what has beeii." . Baint knows beUer, and canThe Latter-da- y not help eee'ng how ominous are these flgna of the last days that are now transpiring bsfore the very eyes of thope who are taking an active part in the great drama that is only the prelude to the tragedy that will follow, in which, .all nations and kingdoms that exiat will have a prominent part. Oaeof the pedictions cf the Apostles in re. was, that kno wl- gard to (het sfgns of the times, At 1L . il.l. cogeenouiu increase m lue tarioj mis is ctr- talhly coming to paa3 nowi There never was a time when knowledge and f cience had reached the height it ha8 In the present dfy. Every dry Home new trutn la atvti pea tuai wui auvance man still further towarJs that which it t !ll 10 auam io, v z., fseerns 10 oe uu sra niion a knowledge of all things in heaven and on U tv tUdll. 'Dili u;u ua tcv ujuuuo lunuuauju his pride and glory cm not circumvent. Thd recent carthn'jakes in Sia'n and the sub- i. 1 L A ... ? of that old country, ion wht re in former days the Icq'iisitlon )urished, stiikir g terror to all hearts. The rcord of its cruelty i?f perhap, . . i. i iihj , iou, uas auimury unBurpaseu m uisiury. Il.l. almost as terrible in this reepect, arid la belle France is not far behind. Who c.n read the h story of thfsa countries and not ftel that Jud- mants must await them. Tae Scriptures say the earth shall reel to and fro Tke a drunken man. and men's hearts shall fail them for fear, and so on. That cities and even countries will be &unk In the tea is seme, thing that may te looked for with certainty In ulQllment of prophecy. To ba pierared for the fl A eo full of Frcm the Juvenile Instructor l)flby we hare received recently, a pamphlet, entitled, "Blood Atotiement." An addrtpa delivered in' the """Twelfth- Ward A i ml Jy K oom, Salt Lake City, October 1.2th, 1 SSI, by Elder Chaiis V. Ven-rte, and report i fctenojrraphleillyv by John Sa'nta Irviue. Tho enemies of the Latter-dahave had a great deal to say upon thl fubj ct, - if y " .-v.V will-etleo- HOME AFFAIR3. We acknowledge with - i- poople thinking of the possible cn i prcb b e . , 1 A. T 1 ' i receipt of saversl Interesting documents from Washington, hy thpnru'tesy of our delegate; "Message ofhe i l tt. United S tates' "II sport of the Utah Commission," and "Special report of the Utah Commission to the Secretary of the Inte ro," tpetch'Of Hon. Joseph E. Brown of Georgia, dtlivered in the Senate of the United HUtee, May 27 h, 1S34, entitled, "Polygamy in Utah and New England contrasted " We If am from Mrs. M A. Freeze, who attended the lecture givea under the auap'ces of the Y. L. M. I A. in the Seventh Ward, by D. Margaret C. Shlpp, that the subj eCl traa ted upon in her lecture waa one that shoull interest all young wenun. She ought to.bj invited to give her lectures to women only, in each of tbe several wards. It would ba a great benefit if the girla and young womn weie bat'er and more thorough y instructed in the matters which pertain to their life and health, and to thanks-th- . maternity, . e and have published the most wicked accupatlons against leading men In the Church, willfully them cf the vilest and foulest deed?, whereas the belief of this people is diametrical- to the ehcding of b!ood. To all peoly oppo-e- i ple seeking information on this mbjeet we wcul j n ccdumsnd this 1 ttle book. Price 25 cts.. Con-stitutio- n, Any odg who piusea in the staaly tre3 imi l 1 K N Tbe present condition of Aaierlcavthe lindof the free and the noma of the brave," is not ro pleasant to gsze upon as thennticipatlons of h?r people would fain huve imagined, for lbs orce the priJo tni boast of her sons and daughters, seems to be trampled upon by : those whose duty it Is to uphold Ir. Many think now that a newadmls'raticn under a democratic President will turn tha tide of aQVra and "every wrong will be righted,"but time will prove. It is devoutly to ba hoped for, bu' not to be expected j adglng from the past history of that par ty. a In Utah there may ba some little hope from change of official?, at least it will sliirdtime for -peopl 3 to catch their breath. However, i t gives ona plaasure to ba able to chronicle a decision of any kind in the Federal Courts fovorabje to the people here, or thatAportlon of them who have made this part of tl United States habitable. J udge Zane in hia decision rendered on the" Seventh Ward school question did h!m?el' great credit. Locking all the ground over rationally one conld not but reach the ssrne onclu9ion that Judge Zane did, if testimony were taken as evidence, but this, people Jiave so often hai adverse dec'tions givt-- in caea. where .the testimony was as clear as day light in their favor that it is no wonder it took some peojla a little by surprise when that deciaion waa given. There are some itcportant decision yet to be givea ttia!; this peopla are wa c'ilu with the in the -t greatest interes; not that . it. "leasrtheprinciplaa they hold, or the opinions expressed, but it will decide some matters mote important than the 1 ves and practices of prl7 vate individual?. The fate of this na'ion depends greatly upon whether it will sustain and maintain the principle of riligiooa liberty and freedom no: only ii thought or belief, b it In actual practice. God gave, the constitution of this country by inspiration, and He put it into the hearts of the forefathers of this blessed country to make the provision they did for securing re". I'glous liberty, which is not merely an idea, but a factand a prlncifl?, from which man cmr ot depart without involving fearful consequences. THE DAY IN WHICH WE LIVE. A PON w niiejr 15, 18S5. mcnuat muse come SEX horroWjthat one's nerves want bracing to be tb'e fo read the accounts of fl rrs murder?, eulcldes, and ether htrrors w lih which the columns are - of life to reflect for one N' Kreu now tha. newspapafs are O HALT' LAKE CITY, JANUARY- - M - great ewats Jt'atlw tr"nlp'ritK od about to pWci la the eartb,1s vjztf !&fil unwary.. now living, for it will be a "ftrtha5e-wterrible ordeal to pas through with these who arekiug on the earth when tbf se ttlings como THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. WELLS, 0 It ia a direct and complete ,refutatlou . of the charac- malicious ralumnies used to destroy the ter a of the Latter day Saints. ' Two handsome pictures hang cn our walla re- -, calved from the large mercantile firm of Z C. M. 1. They have been prepared expressly a a. decorative advertisemenV and certfiinly aro artistic In deeien and coloring. Eac1! has calendar so on each day in the month and each -- month in the year when one refers to the calendar on the wall, one' la reminded of the wholesale and retail establishments of Z. C. M. J., where they can always purchase the best quality of all varieties of goods, at the moat reasonable rates. Ladies cm buy the e fancy aa well ar chin and silver ware. , staple groceries, glass, Fnpv drpfis irrtods in a1! stvlea. ribbons eufsr shawls, laces, gloves, hosiery, shoes of the. heft quality. A room has been fitted up where a lady pn feel perfectly comfortable to try a hoe on. There have bteu a number of deiiraMs cjangea made in the inside arrangement of. goods during the past year, and a decided improvement ia the result. Everybody traies at Z. CvM. I. Tbey carry the largsat stcck of goods of any wholesaler bcuve In the Western interior. "Mrs. rri3CiIlaLanej ofJhIa "sent t6"ETglarri an elsgint piano scarf embroidL.city-recent- ly ered bj her own hanla, that war exhibited at. the Ladies Fair jnJLondon during the holiday Teason, and mentioned in the London papers and it waa g eatly admired there, and som of the ladiea stated that it waa handsoma enough to exhibit far charity. It waa an elaborate and artiatis piece of handiwork. The, material was very fine, wine colored satin finished at tho ends with pluih of the same color. It , waa embroidered at one end in pincushion cream color, the pattern very natural Indeed aa if you could pluck them; among other flowersi at the other end, Scj'c'i Thistles; the most perfect you coald tioaibly Imagine. The middle part waa wojked In waterlil'es with roses, very natural, and the most- beautiful pant lea; in the centre wa9 a lovely spray of wild roeep, as if it was a bjuq'iet laid on. It wai the mort txquia. lie article of needle work we have seen. Those who think nothing good can come out of Utah ought to see Mrs. Staines' nee He work, for in her idea and execution of fancy work she to none. Dacca silk, split cbenilkv arasene and filoiel'e, were the miterJa's uaed in cac-tu"- - tbe work. With the Phrenological Journal for January ' we received a very elaborate colcred chart A the l.bumpb,, marked Fymbollcal head with-a- ll giving names lind descriptions. It; is quite a work; of art, each characteristfc being noted wi'vh a minatiire plcjure detcriptive of tbe at--: tribute. R Is an ingenious design, and p ne from-h'ch much may be learned. The magazine this y.ar celebrates its fiftieth year. '1 he Journal contains weedcuta if many diatirguished y. men in the profeesion of phrenology, J oeeph Francis Oall, who promulgated the doctrine in 1757, and announced It .publdy In Vienna 93 years ago. His aa30clate, John Gasper Sprcz hi em of Prussla,and George Combe of Edinburgh. 