W U M AN S A' N EW y E A R'S REVERIE ANDi DREA1I7 hcr-therefo- l g tt hy ray hearth; l'i tlw coals' glowing red ,iSHnRe'licturc8 arose like a ? jigf; beauty they glowed, nafarapors they fled, no language could tell; Figures strange, that The room was clows curtained, the fire 6honc bright, " '.""' Tick,' tkk, flew tha raoments away I turned la my chair from the lamp's mellow light,1 . And sat watching the shadows at play.,,,'. .... How in .: i . " r "Tuesday, L22ud. " two, rang the solemn old'clbck, wind of the voice And the sememoajif3j.ako 7 Wh"en the 'BtoTmTErowiTits waves on the rock. shadows that the played on the wall turned to Then. t" - 1 oloekprfe men ni ee .; Then I rode through the odorous avenues whero The rose and the orange tree twined; O ! all life was abloom I for another was there, And his love and bis smile th-- were mine, And he leaned, as we rode 'neat h the wide spreading y ' tree, And gathered the bloom laden eprays To wreathe into garlands. O memoryl theso Were brightest of far away days. , Did the wind shake the ' - ' ' ' from Miller's another brother arrived-herbeen stripped of nearly all camp; they" had they possessed, and moved away from Bishop Miller's, some distance, when they had' concluded-to come down here, supposing it to be e "arrived Tie re" at but, having nothing to eat dtir-ih- g that time,excej)t a wild goose, a rabbit. and a turtle that they killed on their route." Ho speaks also of 'the, band meeting that cveniug, -ur part of them," and says, "I joined them and am to play the instruplayed, with them. ment (flute) formerly used by Andrew Cahoon, who expects to start shortly for England;"; I U1CU Ol ' For I started, tts one from a dream; And the vision was changed, and leaped like a flash The future, 'neath prophecy's beam. Lo, the old years bad gone, and the new in their place Brought a bliss that the past never knew For the Mourner and Comforter met face to face And the promise He gave them was true. And I learned, as I gazed on the mystical throng, Of the truths in our earth lives concealed, That we paes, seeing not; and I headthojwcetsong "IhSuI'brTlMrlBRl revealed. Pass onward ye years 'e are bearing us there To a blest immortality's height; To wake, weeping, no more, iu our lonely despair, , From the dreams of an earth-wea- ry nightv Cuociiekox. Jotce Augusta. 13S4. lecember 2f, BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. Continued.") On Monday, 31st, Horace wrote: about ten o'clock, we were routed from our beds by the cry of, "All hand repair to the center of the camp;" which was done, when the men were sent back after their guns, etc., and then Brother Kimball proceeded to tell them the object of their coming together. It appears that a rumor that troops were on their way there to arrest the Twelve had come to cauip -that they had crossed the river somewhere down in "the settlements, and were on their way "To-nigh- t, are-pai- type-sette- tvpe-sette- ion is made for the appointment, as Cabiuet Ministers, of two Maoris, if the Prime. Minister thinks fit to make use of their services", allotting to- each a salarv of S2.000. The Legi3. lalive Council, the uftper Chamber of the Colothe Crown ny, whose members are appfinted by in its members for life, must have two Maori The law prescribes that of total of forty-five- . who make up the House of Rethe ninety-fiv- e presentatives four must be representatives be These ; n'.ed 'not constituencies. of a Maoris, and there have been instances Maori constituency returning white reprc?eiita- - Winchtwenty minutes, and took place between ester-street' and Spuire Wells' house in the had built his er' neighborhood, where first house. The place was then called Commerce. The mob had six cannons, besides their small arms; the brethrcnfiveannoiis.- - -- Presi--entHfmln Twelve,' and some others were present at our teutto bea'H Dr. Richards read the articles of the capitulation of the City: of Nauvoo, which took place on the 17th inst. The next day Horace wrote: 'Council held near Brother Taylor's tent. Squire : Wells related to the people "the circumstances that that lately transpired at Nauvoo, and said indi-gethere were a great many brethren in very circumstances, who would not be ajde to come away without assistance. Consequently the council determined to raise teams and send back for them it was thought advisable, first, , of-Mao- e y " nt r. In the 1 ast NejvaanMbnitibtii)ii raud . d type-sette- loss, as supposed, although the mob would not ackrowledgo the loss ol a man. There were three kii led on the brethren's side and three The- wounded. to-da- W U "Go into a printing 6flice,and find whether as much a3 the women who set type tka mea. lha work. IS aid ly the piece, BO much for setting up so many thousand ems of r has to correct his or type;. and each r Thus if one, mistakes her gratis. can" set faster and more accurately than another, he will earn more, provided he and are of the same sex. But the other the mau' and the woman are not paid at the; "same rate by the piece. He gets say 35 cent3 per "thousand cms, and she 2o cents per thousand. She may be an experienced setter, and he a boy just learning; she may have herself and a" half a dozen young sisters to support, and he may be living at home with hjs pareuts, and supportiug nobody; but he is paid at a higher rate by virtue of his sex. He would feel wronged if it were otherwise. Ex. eGmpelledhWToT t5-- CyiVAV,i-- sca?on. NOTES AND NEWS. .; aetion-lasted-Tinhou- IVI J . my-fath- SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. AU1 IL UWIU We had had considerable rainy, windy and disagreeable weather. - A few days after our removal the wind was so severe that our tent and a number of Others were blown to the ground. - . L irightrfofhelirsrtime that into tliehands of their respective officers, with the caution to bo on , the alert, and reddy at a moment's warning to be called out by night and by day as occasion may require. The captains dismissed their companies with the same admonition." "Wet: day, 23rd. Being misty to day, rather inai spicious for our removal: A number of the brethren with teams came to our assistance, and we arrived at our winter Tpiarters about 1 o'clock p.m , which is three miles from Cutlers Tark. AYe are located on the second shelf of the river bottoms, which is laid out in the form of a city, five acres breach ' block, consisting of twenty lots. The city, as laid oul, occupies, or takes in, from G to 800 ' . acres of ground. This evening Squire Wells and Wm. Cutler arrived from Nauvoo. They 'have been six in ?ys coming from that place. They came of their coming is to get a buggy One obj-icteams to send back for the poor brethren, who are not able to come without assistance." "They brought considerable news, and next morning came toour tent and remained for an hour or more, telling the particulars of the late battle between 100 of .our brethren and 1000 of the mob who came to. attack the city, and were kept at bay by the little force, who; t:-- orrrlie-rmiver- " t, . , sse . ' -- panies-wereTlismi- '. l at his father's-tetrsary of his little sister 'Maria's birthday. On the 3rd he says: "Brother Lnthrop and w - ..... cy Eclf-defens- e. warm, And no omen of trouble was there, As Hooked In her face, like a saints', while her f6rm Seemed clothed in the radiant air. 'Twas avlsion of truth, that the years'have fulfilled, For I stand on eternity's boach; 1 could bear, I could see, If the tumult were'stilled, The voice and the hand that doth reach. ctn-pfnr- m a4iariy-hel- d thiirrTgSri fTTHeal If:y President ni-en- ' the embers fall down? p ; hand held my own, that was true, that was sash?- JThls'onjtteii: were ajmiueste(Ll,. the-cam- . sky overheadand the waves rolling past Over gems, over depths dark and cold. Did in ..' . Ri-inir-n self-defens- e. . Then like a foiefct tall masts rose to view, far lands, Flags fluttered, of many wave3 soft the brought bright treasures And spl ashrag : to btrew At my feet, on the white ehining sand's. ." And I watched once again, as in days that arc past, The kunset Illumine with gold ft the winter,, could better spare their teams than we who have not yet built a single house, cept the one that Brother Kimball brought . down from Cutler's Park." tllO Tin Wnlla nnd-Wfnlr.r 'iSth. Oirthe first of October Horace mentions going with 'sevf ral of the boys haying, r, " I3ut of-th- below our camp. Young then addressed them and told them the object of our cominptp-T-gethewhich "was. to organize ourselves into A vote was taken, companies for whether we should retairi the old officers of the Nauvoo Legion as , captains of companies, e tc., or choose new'onc3." The vote was unanimous , in favor of tiiG -- former- proposition. Briber" Kimball's boys and myself attached' ourselves to the company of artillery under Captain Jacob. A vole was finally taken whether we -should remove immediately to our winter. quarters, as affording us a better place for eonvt and It wa3 decided in the '' affirmative, and that we commence to remove one division at a time, the breth- ren assisting each other in so doing. The-Ji-n to-- ' .' ; trees, curtain the moon Bhoae, in, Tho through "And the sweet Rong of birds floated faint on the breeze, . ..' Like thc breath of a vesper hymn. --T- he to get all the teani3 they could of those who had built houseson the other side e river, h because fouw-Igaand Garden Grove, c 9$ every man to be properly armed and equipped, ' and that a guard, .should be keptun nights to keep all spies from going to and from the camp. These, things being attended to, and every, man told '. to arm himself to obey the orders of the foreman of the division to which was dismissed." hel)elonged, They had received this news through the .medium of -- Mr. Sarpce, who was Jiving in the i village. g Long I sat there half dozing and yet half awako One, 115 the-meetin- , , EN T: t-- wa re-i - E X P ON . -- "iai ur The Maui is own their of nice. representatives districts residing in other than purely native iu common with the enjoy the right to vote, .be-- .: white population, the jiia irication for. them j'ref h d l, held individually under ing Crown title or enrollment on the ratepayer roll. The number of Maoris on the register on one or the other of these qualifications amounts to . Tn ihrt nai'wn rnntifupn- r .,,! it cies no registration is needed the right ot adult ot the native voting is accorded i every race residing in the district. Ex. tives,'DutwrrrasriTiv;u lauij- f 5 