WOMAN'S EXPONENT. asking, nay demanding, these Mormon wives and rnsthervwjgj votejjjmlljixjh the golden sun, none knew it but God and the heavens" and"liTmwho stood and gazed till his W. heart was full and he could not speak. ,: in favor of the movement: Let the usurping "lords of creation" make their peace while they may. - Clear the track, for the. locomotive is on . its way to Salt Lake City. V t'-- MRS. WELD ON. - , trying tor penetrate lar into tne iuture, v. i Viy iar a3 as my mind's eye will allow me. But let my mind, wander where it will it most invariably , will turn back to this, the great momentous Ziqj&c-A- s it ha.3 be earth, it i3 truly a great - .'.- . EXTRACTS FROM AN IRISH ' lie of late, we may be allowed to express the opinion that she has shown herself to be possessed of unquestionable ability, indomitable persevere-ancand tireless energy VVithout entering into questions of a personal : iiature, it will, perhaps, be a matter of interest to our readers to learn that at the outset of her life, young, beautiful, accomplished, a vocalist of unusual excellence, Mrs. Weldon was the object of admiration and adulation of the society in which she moved ''the observed of all LETTER. v 15 V 11 T il mv great iov tnat 1 am anowea to live in this great day, and to be of the' chosen Saints of 1 j God, e, . 1 . 1 : , ... . have just returned from a trip into the country I ask myself, as I sit here in solitude, If we of Antrim. The whole country, as far as I have cojJifl-ioomstorv. iar4Uieafirin to " seen it, is surpassingly beautiful new changes, see there -- the world s history record ed as it w - - and never ending green and brown, with hawthorn now progressing, would there not be looks of hedges wherever one turns and the long, winding wonder,astonishmehtand,oh! of horror? Horror roads, and, wild flowers violets, daisies, oceans at seeing recorded the wicked deeds being done of fragrant primroses and dandelions growing in now upon the earth. Noble' men and women reckless profusion along ' the banks of streams, suffering through injustice done them, because view into and the .under bursting hedges, hiding iutr ucjicvc ill t .J1 C W JiJJll VJUvA ttlHAI U ill li " IU observers." through every gap in the green and thorny hedge. She was, as Miss Treherne, and, subsequently Then there is the buttercup and a yellow blossom twisted and turned to 'suit their own vile nnr- Mrs. Weldon, the idol of a circle, including about the size of a $20 gold peicej perhaps a as poses, that is to work against the poor degraded members of the.highest rank. among trifle smaller, shaped much like a buttercup, Mormon people (as they are usually called) . Wealthy, and without care, she pursued the which grows in dank and boggy places, and is and to bring them nearer to civilization. are accustomed, areeowiicWadresTjfheTTlass 1,1 '.aUed-thmayfloweiv It is therightest of gold married her she the in of ninth life, when, year records of history, the mantle of shame might en yellow, rich in color beyond belief almost. -' musithe was consulted unexpectedly respecting co'ver their cheek, that is if they were capable We are poor indeed, in wild songsters,compare( a of the cal education of -- Welsh coun daughter of such feelings. I am thankful to my Heawith this country. Our robbin is nearly twice the parson. try size of that here, and the yellow and venly Father that I do not belong to this framtime been had this Mrs. About Weldon honorable class. .little fellow here sings twice as sweet. The wren a a school for the for music, founding of ing plan is a little midget ;the pugnacious sparrow, the lark, I wonder how these oppressors of mankind had and a'singing-lessoshe never given although will feel when they stand at that great and the thrush, the starling, the yellow yarling, vthe in her life, she commenced to teach Miss Gwenterrible day at the bar of judgment, and hear blue top and many others, besides the magpie and Out of doline act that vocalism. Jones sprang their sentence pronounced, by the judge of all the noisy, cawing crow. Wherever trees grow to . the school established by her at Tavistock House, the world, "Depart ye, ye cursed, into everlasta considerable height, there you will' find a Russell-square- , which for London, many ofows buildihg their. huge and clumsy was the residence of the late Charles 'years ing fire, prepared for the devil and his angels," Dickens, and their terrible feelings at their doom, nests in the topmost boughs, and keeping up a and for on carried an ( 1th en to - hear th c sentence of those now many years. never ending and almost deafening cawing. We hare not" space to record the trials, rebuffs, I heard the cuckoo, the other day, for the first persecuted, "Come, ye blessed of my Father," ' we Mrs. and has Weldon etc. afflictions, may say time in my life. I1 .was wandering in the evening in her attempts to fulfil what she We can well afford to be brave, for 'He who along a deep, shady hedge, and I thought some passed through missiozv-nor-thas has conceived to be her ordained all things in His own wise way, recount one in a distant field was calling his cows, when has ordered these trials and tribulations to various her of but we vicissijtudes career, the bird flew swiftly above me and disappeared in thoj come upon us, that we may grow more perfect, may allude to the wonderfnl success with which a wooded hill in the neighborhood. I have heard and come nearer to God; and then, if we have it several limes since,but have not been able to see she has conducted her various cases, and to the these trials to contend with, we will not hare consummate skill she has displayed throughout, it plainly as yet. . somuch time to spend on fashion and other especially in the attack she has so triumphantly The town Antrim, which I visited, is a rare old frlvnlmw rq;fimpa ihnt Kolrk tn lnrn. J made upon the present condition of the Lunacy fashioned place, and is well worth a visit, and I ' minrl frrndp thp . . Laws., have regretted deeply that I did not reach it until And again, when we look around us it is "That the state of ourlegislation in this respect evening, and that I left it in the; darkness oRhe ' cries aloud for improvement, is no new story ; but really surprising, to .an intelligent, thinking same night. It has a quaintquiet, old fashioned look about perhaps, it was never better exemplified than in mind, how the petty vice, prejudice, is ruling To" t the trial in which Mrs. Weldon showed how easy the world hink, in as an enlightend it that was captivating; and its old time market, as that this, it might be, under the existing laws, for a perage prejudice is allowed to rule and chapel, and the high wall, and castle of Lord the people to such an extent a it does in reMasserine make it a place worth cultivating. But fectly sane person to be put away in a lunatic Saints. To me it carries gard to the Latter-damore than' all this, than the Splendid castle and asylum. an 01 odor with it wherever it is to grounds of Lord Masserine, which I could seecomplimented" the lady on" be found. ignorance Sume people visit us and have the very plainly, though only for a moment, was having brought the matter forward, and it is to be opportunity of seeinp- and hoped-thoutcome jnay be something really benesplendid trout stream, that sweeps down the side selves, and yet they are so steeped in egotism ' of the town, past, the .castle, and empties into a ficial to the community at large, nd which may that ' they will not accept of these opportunibeautiful sheet 0 water called the Lough it out the of of one two or interested put power Neagh. ties, seemingly in fear of finding out that we, It is a fresh water body, said to be the devoteto a to sane a life persons person as perfectly a people, are, greatly misrepresented, or largest in the United Kingdom, and is about seven miles which one shudders to contemplate. sometimes they are so egotistical that they wide, by fourteen miles long. Though the hour If Mrs. Weldon ; had done nothing but : know it all vhile some that have way, any was late and the sun had never been here, and know nothing but from already sunk, I could not this, she would have commanded our admiration, resist a walk in the twilight, which but she has been in active so other very lingers many ways, long hearsay, help to encourage and circulate all in this clime, and I shall never and has done it. hefrbest kinds of bad reports against us. to advance others, among regret the a the Leaving cause of vocal music, as far as lies in her 'town, winding, well kept road iuciueiii mac nappenea to an aunt ot yuv leads through a wild wood, with and for. this she deserves the thanks .of mine I will here relate. While getting green grass and power, ready ilowers springing everywhere, to a little to to come the far one she not in amateur, every into west, a though every may bay, 6tepped agree which, were anchored yachts and fishermen's milliner with her methods of tuition. where she was well store, .. acquainted. At present she may be heard "discoursing sweet yawls,wh:le all about were nets and the appliances usuafc "the" purchases.Al'tef of fishermen. - Away., out - uDon - the w.Vtrr "in sounds" at the London Pavilion, in Piccadilly, greetings were over, she said, "We are all ... , . ... . i uc'u ""gering twingnt, tne little, boats could and it iv perhaps, a good sign of the times when sorry to Jose such' a good citizen ad you are; I be seen restingj- seemingly without am afraid, that in coming in contact with those motion, on the the surroundings are such that a lady of Mrs. Weldon's culture and intelligence does not think people, you will become as degraded as they placfd,unruffled bosom of the lake. The it beneath her to amuse the audience of a Music are." bhe also said, " Why, the women work gan to peep, the warm tints were gradually dying so hard, they have to do all the work out of out of the heavens, the vesper song of the birds Hall.Selected. doors there!" My aunt replied in her usual grew fainter and fainter, as the eye reached farcalm, dignified, straight forward manner, ''Inther and farther into the darkening west. THOUGHTS ONE QUIET EVENING deed! is that really so?" and the lady again re- - . If tears filled those eyes,because the vision was plied, "Yes, that is really so." Then said my limited, and because, though the heart so longed Husband away and baby in dreamlaud, I aunt, "We read of beautiful cities and villages to see dear ones away, away, away in the path of sit here at home muring and pondering laid out by being there,beautiiul buildings erected, I . -- ' well-bor- tne-annair- K TJi -- . n, . " J 6 I I 1 e. red-breaste- . d n con-gregati- on . . : ,.- o . . . " to-da- y. y The-Jearned-Ju- - dge - e - - rto.-inakeson- 1 . . 