W OM 16 . O artist ! paiat Util pklarc trsre Tbs crviea ktir asJ rjrs rSltj nps' lsilf open To steal tkin ! ahe ; -- - Le starts, sad cpena wlJe Li ejw; Tbe otiert look with pleased surprise. be those fpiriU pare sad fair : Vthea men ts now I tee them there '' .' ' Sweet children!; ': Dear Aukt ! Hattis. Em: "T Died, kt her residence, la Wilson Ward, Weber Co., Utah, Jannary SOtn, 1S83, agod flftj-thre- o years, ten months and Are dajs, of dropsy, Pettra Nellie Nleleon, beloved wife of L. H. Niel son, born in Swedenbaptized into tho Church of Jeans Christ of Latter-daSaints March,' 1856;has passed through persecutions and Imprisonment In the old country for the Gospel's 6ake, also many trying scenes in the Church and while crossing the plains, but has ere r been true and faithful, neyer doubting the trathror the Gospel. KESOLTTTIOJCS Or BKSPBCT. We, the members of tho Wilson Ward Keller Society, of Weber Co., Utah, unanimonsly adopt the following Resolutions: Whereas, God in His wisdom, has seen fit to call from our midst by the band of death our much loved and worthy teacher, and, Whereas, Her labor la our Society has been faithfully performed, we feci that some respect due her virtues bo recognized among us, therefore, be it Resolved, That we do recognize In he death of our sister, Pettra Nellie NWson, the loss of: an able, efficient and faithful teacher in our Society. Resolved, That wo esteem her past faithful labors and devotion to duty as worthy the fellowship and emulation of ns all. Resolved, That we condole and deeply sympathize with tbe bereaved husband, children, relatives and friends, In the loss of a loving wife, affectionate mother and true friend. ; Resolved, That these Resolutions be spread npon our record, that a copy of them be sent to the bereaved hnsband, and also that a copy be sent to thoWoMAHrr" y . " EXPOSEST. Geket 8 0 SALXXAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AN 0 JOBBERS OF M9 U s Melissa Reynolds, Ella Retnolds, Secretary. HEAVY AND SHELF HAltDW ABE, GLASS AND QUEEN8WARE, , . ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLE- - " r; It '. . Yorkshire, England, ner life to ns seems but brief, but has been spent In usefulness. She was President-othe Relief Society of Ashley Mill Ward, In which her labors were appreciated; was alko Secretary of the Primary, where she will 'at the present time be greatly missed. Her earnest desire was to understand the principles of her religion, and to live them; and at no time was she heard to raise her voice in objection to any principle. Her teachings and wise counsels will long be remembered by the little ones of this place. During her hours of sickncBi she was tenderly cared for by circle of friends, who rendered her every possible aaslstancc, hut God, in His '.inscrutable purpose, h a greater work for hrt tfchlnd the tell, tfbera ; ' ments, tSST We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any liouee In the west. her four little daughters, passed through all the persecutions of the Saints, without her husband's help, while lie was away laboring as a missionary, and crossed the plains, driving her own team, with the assistance of a small boy, and arrived In the valley among the first, in. , President B. Young's company. .. When In her thirteenth year Sister Lois Hunt went with her mother and sisters to join her father on his second mission to the Society Islands. They remained there one year and a half. She could talk and sing in the Tahitian language When they returned from their r mission they remained In California, where she became acquainted with and was married to John Hunt, July 4th, 1857, by Wm J. Cox. 8he was the mother of eight children, six daughters and two sons, all of whom are still living. She was chosen Second Counselor to Sister Willmirth East, Stake President, July 12th, 1830. When Sister East moved away she was chosen First Counselor to our 8take President, Sister-Emm- a 8. Smith, 8eptembo .... 13th, 1883. ; She was a noble, generous woman. She could truly be called a leader among ns; especially, by her example, influencing us to be punctual and prompt at our meetings, encouraging us to be faithful In lookine after the sick and needy, teaching us to be charitable to each" - other, always aacenmater71aird"lFiio who could some see in always good every one. As her husband was our Bishop and father, she was also our mother. he following Resolutions of Respect we feel td nnani- ' mously adopt. That, Inasmuch as our Heavenly Father has seen fit to take from our midst onr dearljr beloved sister, who wm ever faithful and true, Resolved, That we, the members of tbe Relief Soelety, do deeply mourn our beloved President, and that we condole with her husband and daugbW, who are absent at this time, and with every member of the family, in this their great loss; but while weeping togethcr.we feel beyond this vale of tears to the happy home j to look , above, and to the time of rejoicing when the faithful i will all be reunited again. And, bo it Resol ved, That we present a copy of these Resolutions to the mourning family, that a copy be sent to the Exponent, and also that a copy be preserved in our 8take Record. . (Signed) H. S. ELDREDGE, Supt, Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will be found the latest styles and pioductions . in ".: LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, .PARASOLS, PwIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortmenf of DE "2T QOODS: department for Ladies Misses' and Special fant's Shoes. . In- - 112, 114, 118, 118 East Temple Street. HomeiMade-JS- i I ks ! Silk Dress Goods, Ottomans, Gro. rains. Broraded and Plain Satins and " Grenadines; also Handkerchiefs, Sale at Masufactureks' Prices, by IIome-Mad- e K ; 1 :: CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND .WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. For --T- MRS. B. P. MUSSER, 8scoDd riouse South of Silk Factory, Canyon B .a J -- We deeply regret to announce the death of our be. loved President and respected friend, Mary A Shaffer, who departed this life March 7tb, 1885. She was the wife of William Shaffer, and daughter of Thomas and Hannah Hobson : Bradshaw. Was born October 9th, f - becomes our palnfnlxduty to transmit to yon the sad intelligence of the deathofour beloved sister, Lois Barnes Pratt; wife of Bishop John nnnt, who departed this life, through an accident of being burned, March !tb, J8S5. Sister Hunt was born March Ctb, 1337, in the Town of Ripley, Chatauqua Co., New York.xShe was baptized when eight years old Jn the Jlisslssippl RlVer., When quite small her father, Elder Addigon Pratt, wa called on a mission to the Society Islands, and was absent several years. Her mother, Louisa B. Pratt, with v OBITUARIES. 1844, ' Editor Exponent: f BiSGHi&r, President, Amanda M. Bingham, 8ecrrtary. : ; Glad-ston- e Epitob Expokent: T.OTJMltKTrocTOBElttWv ftyhoMLf bajea. i through the papers, Prof. Stuart has been lately elected to Parliament in place of Postmaster General Fawcett deceased. Miss is the daughter of the Premier of Great Britain. - w have-losttt'faithfnt- Miss Helen Gladstone's engagement to Professor James Stuart i has been announced - - R-sp- ect Remembering the great interest and sympathy you expressed for my little afflicted niece, :Hattie Young, after you saw her"two or three years ago, I feel sure you will be pleased and trratlfied to see the foregoing letter and poem from her pen If you think proper you are at liberty to publish them. , ... , .... : Lula. - to prepare the ' resurrection of the jast. Resolutions of to the memory of Mary A. fihafler, by the Relisf Society ol Ashley Mill Ward. Whereas, ItJias pleased onr Heavenly Father to take from our mld6t, by the hand of death, our beloved " worthy member of the Relief Society, r Resolved, That we esteem her past faithful labors.and devotion to duty, as worthy the fellowship and highest esteem of ns all. ; , Resolved, That wo deeply sympathize with the bereaved family in the loss of an affectionate wife and kind friend. 7 .; Resolved, That these Resolutions be spread upon our record, and a copy of the same be presented to the bereaved family, also the Exponext for publication. . Gousnc - E XT ON E NT. S The funeral wrices were held at the school house Sasday, March Stb, being the largest assembly of the kind in this place. Remarks ofeonolatia ere oflVred and Couowlor Clarayafter;wh!ch the' by BUbop Hatch procession moved to tbe barylnj? pronndt where, wlth: the dedicafeary prayer, the remains of our siiter Vere . consigned to their last resting place, thereto await the v Bibj Eraa! .we srs. rice; Ulr trow, froca Lee has AN ; 2 Auerbach & Bro. b MILLINERY, . A Full and 'Jompleta Stock of . ; Sprint andSummer WD liDliES DRESS TRIHIKIifGS. CALL AND EX AMINE. TJrV"L?D .. Emma.8. Smith, Lucr H. Fluece, Jane Fbebuait, T SnoTvflab?, Apucbft Co., vi Phebe KabtchkebV JJLZES Ss CO., TINNERS, CAS.W ATE R & STEAM FITTERS Mast J. West, ; t Goods Aeent for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFTand FORCE PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on sbort notice. Orders from -- ; Arizona, March 13th, 1835. the country promptly responded r Al3jnV CaTTD JUCE3,BiJ to..- 3W.III - :'-t- . r'-? LAX?TCITT. , 