WOMAN'S 98 ' has now arrived when the women of Israel, young and old, should withdraw their patronage entirely from this class,, and teach their children to do the same, and no longer furnish the means to cut our own throats. - Let us be willing to make sacrifice of eve rything that is n ot a n actual, ne cessit y, rather than patronize our enemies to the extent of a solitary dime,- for while we continue our preseni practice we shall find ourselves in bondage., I earnestly ask the sisters of the Relief Society, Y. L.' M. I. Associations and the Primaries to teach this constantly,until the practice has entirely ceased, and God will justify us in helping to remove one cause, at least, that has helped to - he pro-duct- present result. In this connection let us teach and practice the highest principles of purity, and throw around our children such safeguards as will effectually bar the enemy from polluting bur heritage. Then will the Lord smile again upon Ilis people, and restore their seers as at the beginning, and by the mouths of prophets and apos-tle- s declare His law unto His people. y Aunt Ruth. ' . SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. EXPONENT sustained them. My mother's Joy during thosebU&i;dflv nf tribulation, was be'eaus? of all the: rest with an'd obedience, and so" it was who did likewise. The Lord fed them upon the pure bread of life during their trials, when patiently w.nguieuuaca? Jheyendured themfulfilled His part, and Ian salr. Ho siirelv that only one out of many who can testify some of the most glorious seasons were enjoyed were, "during that time when we, were left, as itlook to with nothing but a merciful Father to us for our daily bread, and His arm to protect from tEe wicked who sought so diligently the destruction of His people. The. little meetings which the sister' held twice or three times in a week, were begun in ' the month of May. while we had the privilege of Sisters Eliza R. now, Zina Young and a few others, who went with the first company that left Winter Quarters in June tor the Kocky Mountains. The spirit that began to be poured out while they were with U3, continued to burn in the bosoms of those who met often one with another, and the love of God flowed from heart to heart, till the wicked one seemed poweriess in his efforts to get between us and the Lord, and his cruel darts, in some instances, were shorn of their sting. At the time when numbers were laying sick with the terrible scourge that was carrying off so many of ts, being made easy prey for disease and death in consequence ot the weakened condition to which they were reduced by long pr.vationsand- - exposure, and death seemed, determined to lay:,, them low, my mother w juld go from door to door ministering food and consolation to the sick, and pouring out blessings up m them, during which time she scarcely touched food herself; at meal times she would only take a cup of milk,, saying, when urged to eat, that she had no room for it. She seemed to grow stronger in body, and had 'an abundance ot nurse for her babe; in blessing she was blessed, and there were others enjoying a portion of the same spirit, and by ineir uniteu iaitn ana works, with tasting and prayer, the sick were healed and made to re joice more abundantly in the mercy of their .Lord, that they were numbered among those who were to come up through much tribula tion and be made white in the blood of the Lamb. There were mnv preat and cdorinns mnni. ' . , -- the-Sam- (Continued.) - . -- The letter, which I copied so freely, shows what people can accomplish Dy putting tneir trust m Uoil, and walking in ooeaienceto nis will and commands. The writer, in speaking of "the poor, desponding Vilate," had reference to a time before they had heard when, among other doctrines that were being preached, was that of predestination, and sht, not being able to feel a change of heart, a3 others professed to have experi- cnced, nnaiiy came to tne conclusion mar sne was one of those doomed to be damned. Since they were "married they had lost a number of two babes and her mother, j their loved oues rmrpnta and phlpat. hrnthpr. all buf. Ids mother dybig under his roof? and altogether' cn tr f akacAnU ii iwn lth ni.il into a state bordering ou despair. They had received pressing invitations to unite with different sects, and, had passed through several of their protracted meetings, and, a my father said, he had "been many times upon the anxious bench to seek relief from the bonds of sin and death," but no reliel could he find uiitil the li.eetiugs were passed by. They had come to thoconclusion to put themselves under the care of the Bapsist Church about three weeks before they heard this Gospel preached by five "Mormon" Elders, who came to theirtown from Pennsylvania. Curiosity prompted ray father to go and listen to them, "AVhen for the first time" he. says, "I heard the fulness of the everlasting Gospel." They had partaken of the Sacrament for the first and last time on "Mor-monisrn- ," j mv-father'- s 1 the day of their bantism into that church. They had never found any minister who could tell them what to do to be saved, only to "believe in the Lord Jesus Christ," and this only left them in a jnore unsatisfied and sorrowful state than evi-r-. Though; the Baptist faith included some .lucirinei-vwhicthey did cot believe, they hought it host to put themselves under its cMirge, it he'uig the best thing they fp.stnr.inns snmp hnrl visinno on Ktt Via of totigaes there were things foretold, some of nwiu nc iiuvc. sccu tuo iuinumeiii, oi, ana omers tnac are coming swittly upon those who have turned away and are uniting their voices and influence against that Zion which we were told should be established in these mountains i i ii wnere me were. . to rule, and the laws or uod .. 11 nonoraDieot tne earth would come to dwell within its borders, because the wicked were allowed to rule elsewhere, and peace was taken from the earth, except it were in Zion, a place . 1 . 1 where righteousness would should molest or make afraid in all the holy, rrs nun f Many were the things revealed by the spirit mat wuuju De poured 6 out upon theVjj64Aicui,3 nations after they reiected the ,uu oiMuie ana siew otoers of Gods messengers who should be Pent out to proclaim tbe. GospeJ of. salvation to an erring world and the would Righteous barely escape, and could find.', them, would. be called uoonto lay But a new and important era was about to .many down their lives in their struggle for the truth open in their live. Fifteen veara nr n frrm that date fuund- them- outcasts; their goods' famine, pestilence, etc., and the confiscated,.and they driyen before the mobs, would rend anguish the hearts because of the prejudices raised by those o'er suffering religious sects into the wilderness, to seek reayed;that:the time would be" when every tender feeliug, an'd refuge among the uncivilized and savage races mothers would eat their own babes. Man? from those bitter persecutions which had they received from the day they had rendered obedience to the only true Gospel, which alone had stood as they were spoken, bv the gift and. h S ht of-th- e . 1 power of the spirit, thit we felt : to pray the Tivfo.clo80 the visiOGur minds. " ealing or :.drinking; e. would meet morning, either at my motherVor some other of father's houses, and spend the day singing, praying and some of the "brethren who icould leave their work united with us and received, great blessings in connection with the Fluently,inwithout the -- prophecy-"ib6ccasional- ly " sisters; many consoling things were spoken by the spirit concerning our brethren, the Pioneers and Battalion, to the truth of which they i testified when they returned. Sisters Presendia Kimball andPrances Swan Kimball, also Emmeline Whitney, now Editor of the Woman's Exponent, were gifted in the interpretation of tongues. The two former; with a few others, met at the house occupied by Sister Presendia and Laura P. Kimball, and while conversing upon some of the spiritual manifestations the same power rested down upen them, and an"' open vision appeared to Frances. I have not heard it related for years, but as nearly as ray memory serves me, they that were there said she arose, and her coun ten ance beamed with a brightness like unto one transfigu redjfher voice adbllanguage was heavenly, and grace was in every movement, as she stood there and related over scenes in the experience of some of those sisters, which were some ofthemost acute trials that had been their lot to pass through during or while bemer driven from their earth-lives- , 'Misa'niiri. Tllinhis nnl nlPA in to nlftpp variousrtimes since they took upon themselves the name of Latter-daSaint. She seemed to e be addressing-onor more personages, who re corded each one's story as they were told them, only one entering their presence at a time, Frances being voice for them, as well as for the personage, who, in return, addressed them with a look of approval, and with a countenance beaming with joy and satisfaction, they were welcomed, and a bright crown of glory was placed on each one's head, attended with words suitable to their station and the occasion. Sister Frances had known little or nothing of their previous experience, and had never heard the incidents related, but she described them as accurately a3 if told by themselves. I heard the vision related, but Sister Presen-di- a could do it more justice, no doubt, as she witnessed the whole,.and at best I have retained but a faint remembrance of it, not having been present at that meeting. y NOTES, AND NEWS. "The openinor of the' exDosition of New Orleans was attended by 50,000 people." "Twenty-si- x VOnn? lfldiftfl "har A nnanpd fho first examination in the Eoyal University of . Ireland." " . . "The 'Primrose LeacrnpiT of IftdJAa nnmpd for Disraeli's favwite flower, are said, to have carried several districts for tha in the recent English elections." "LaSt VPAr fllArA room l6(l mnmnn In' nilnnA ance at the Universitv of Mihi teen mora than in tho largest part of the riumhpf -- wato o .nnpr-tpwith the literary department, the nexc largest - : d Patents havfi been issued to wnmpn dnrintr the week ending Oct", 13f. 1885, as ifollows. Hattie Scott.- - Detroit; Min : RltA bharpener. Marion bhoba, Rochester, N. X, Roller ' ? . - .. . : skate. ha ..... ... . ; , Emily A, Btears. Bronklvn. N V i ii Mary E. Th9mrson. Npw or BJowep Durt-hoo- d - Yrk ; . Vh. PnrfaKl , ' 