WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 40 -- r- can- - that temptation Nowhere cari"fl"nian go a free berth on.all the boats7a and business "free entrance to tothe ofe.V and S. Times rhurehes." a'f railroad? on school-rooms- -- ," fJ??rs& ?r ST. -- KS; ; , . naycjijsi Teceivraa rare s)cums(ijum"rwii - .r . rrr..-- ? . Kauvop.. Was TThe Woman's Silk Association.' IcmtrosfTwTTT Sister Daniels also writes me while in California: 'I can- -- well -acquainted with- - the Prophet Joseph ; Snftthrand . ' .- passed through all the persecutions ' of the Saints at that '"trrr. .V, ' place. 0 : : Itbee settled After their exodus from Nauvoo, Sis(er . but her heart and sympathies were with her family in with the neonle in all their wanderiutrs in the wilderness, with a flfsirp tn 1m? uiih them, "but circumstances prevented lo-.va- i fv W O ,lne home.Jt is. completeiy and added to these the weaver ami .bobbins, runneth daughter. In her zeal she has almost turned herself and family out of house and home.' 4... f. Thev have- - succeeded, however, in makinsr sorrie very ' . . t r Cl ii.tte4iancmereme!s, also very iair uiess gwu. one iids hr - . 1 . witltiier her wishesbcing gratified tilljiie;year.i876,.-hea- t deceased wife s siiter stood, ior secontj reauiug family, irhe patherBtl with the Saints and settIedatt'ro'0J um " bh, un 1 lib. outias-iQC-iru- on She was the mother of tkven cIuldren,Tsix of whom are since has it and could notcomeon, that. dav it ."livinto mourn her loss. Sister Beebec was a great ad- which - The is one been withdrawn. question jr.irer of what was most lovely in nature; was passionately Parlia-mentnew the to submitted be ill probably "iond of flowers, and spent much of her time in laboring to an early date after the general ejecbeautify her home, which she made a bower of beauty and is a there which ison a subject loveliness. She often contributed her floral offerings to tion, and as it the women injustice verv strong feeling! among dead, and adorned the . stands of our tabernacle enremain on Sunday and other occasions. V would be obvious if they were to. in the Utah Stake the. She held the dual offices of Treasurer to Legislature tirely without representation Relief Society since its organization, in the year 1878, till which will be asked to deal with it. Ex r her demjse. Was appointed Stake President of the Silk ' Association iri i83i. Ever since she held that office she Patents have been issued to women during seemed never weary in trying to make a success of that en. the week ending June. 23rd, 1885, as follows: 'terpris was a person endowed with much executive ability, well as great powers of endurance, combined with Bradford, Mass., Broiler as .Mary G. Barbour, ' moral courage and perseverance.and withal a most devoted or Toaster. .;. J. "j . " ". I . .. . . , . . j 1 owrn iMUHistmt-nrwrraiLinCC01Qnng W4W-- r il mat1 wiitimr vntir rpturn in "ft"tomr)lete"success. . rv Ojone. ... . ry ' a. -- f: at - ... . ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, 1SC8. dec-oratet- Go ....-- I -- SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF -- Saint.3 Latter-da- y Clara E. Hosmer, Auburn, N. Y., Leggin. Mary E. Woodward,' Parker, Dakota Ter., ' Folding crib. A.: J RESOLUTIONS OF; Dry 'RESrECT. Whereas, Our Heavenly Father, in His infinite wisdom, has seen fit to take from our midst our dear sister, who wag an active member of our Society, a in the cause of truth, one who never faltered, but faithfully discharged her duties to the best of ber ability in every position she was " ' called to act, therefore, ; . Resolved, That we. ia behalf of. the Relief Society and Silk Association of Utah County, do deeplyJgelJtcLnaourn-th- e loss of one whose example was worthy the emulation of all, both old aud young, and that we will ever hold her memory dear, and remember her as a comforter to those m distress, ever willing to administer to the sick and sufferi- HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, co-wor- ; patenss were issued to women during the week ending June 30, 1885: Ljdia J. Cad well, Chicago, 111.; Apparatus for treating the products of rendering-tanks- . Lvdia S. Purington, Westboro', Mass., CorThe-followi- ng ., Anna Dormitzer, New.- YorkN. Y., chair. Charlotte A. Gandill,Brooklyn, N. X.Lady's Win-dow-eleani- ' skirt-protecto- r. ng ngResolved, therefot. That we tender our deepest sympathies to the family and friends of our departed sister, praying that the comforting influence of our Heavenly Father may rest upon them and fill their hearts with peace, that they may bow in humble submission to His will, ing that He doeth all things well. r. Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be spread upon our minutes, also upon the record of each society in the county, and a copy sent to the Exponent for publica-tio- OBITUARIES. - It is with feelings of sorrow pat we record the death of our sister and Sister! Sarah M. Hawkins, who died suddenly, May and, i88s,iaged forty-eigyears and two months. Although sh hid been sick most of the winter, yet she recovered so far as to be enabled to go to the Logan Temple to do some work for her dead and it seemed to satisfy her that she had been there. She leaves a husband, a large family and many friends to mourn her ht Mary John, IIWILY G. CLUFK, Marilla A " At her funeral the speaker paid her the highest tribute that could be given to woman", by saying she had been a pure, consistent woman in every phase of life. RESOLUTIONS OF RESrECT. Whereas, Our Heavenly Father has seen fit to call from our midst our beloved sister, Resolved, That we, her associates and co workers' of the Sth Ward Relief Society, do deeply mourn her loss, that we cherish her rnemorvJ and pmnlatfi lirr mmvJ virtue fHU-J- , for we can truly say she manifested that true charity which flows from a sense of duty and hope in God. . w.uirac resolutions f'ljuu to the bereaved family, also that a copy be sent to" the Ex rvJN KNT for publication, and that they be placed upon the ward record. - Tr Klktchkr, jAXK. TZ Tm r m. President, IPH- f - - Cowan, Counselors. It is with feeling, of sorrow and rerret tht ehrr.mcla the eath of our beloved itster, Hester Ann Bbac,. who passed peacefully to her rest on the 25th of Jur.?, at her jvsidence in the Second Ward, TroVo, by many of her relatives and friends. dp sur-round- Sister Beebee was the widow of George Be'ebee, and the child of Dr. David W. and M.rth, teyentb. boran Dunkirk. Chatuaque County, Xcw York, March We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any house In the west. 8. ELDREDCE. Supt. Special to the Ladies. H. AT TEASDEL'S and Will be found the latest styles in . pioductions : LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortmenf of X)S;"3T GOODS: Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Shoes. '. 112, 111, 116, 118 In-ant. 's . East Temple Street. - .1 Catherine Palmer, t n, baiid und family in the loss of a loving wife and mother, and we pray that God will inspire her children to walk in her footsteps. K. B. ... . AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. r Sister Lucy W. KimbaU has given a few items in refer, ence to Sister Beebee's labors in this direction, which we think are proper to publish, as they show the special interest and desire she had to carry out the counsel given in the establishment of silk culture and manufacture. -- T assisted Sister Beebee in getting the reeling'in opera-topnor to leaving for California, which was in November, iSSa, There were then several young ladies taking lessons in reeling. She writes- in the following May thtt $lk reehng was again in operation. A young lady from Toquemlle was learning to reel, with a view of taking a hmC' 3nd th3t She was "xi.us to ge cocoons reeled up during the summer. wrote, 'We have decided to . CARPETS TRIBUTE TO SISTER II. A. BEEBEE. that county. .: : CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, M. Daniels. Sister Hester A. Beebee, who died not Ion"since, at .Provo, was an untiring worker in the cause of silk cnlture. She was President of the Utah Silk Association, and had been, for some time, and even previous to that time, a very efficient hcjp to Sister M. I. Smoot, the former President . ' he wa5 a very mtelligent and able .worker in many other directions, and her loss will be deeply felt the sisters in by TfX)LS AND IMPLE MENTS, - - 'V. AGRICULTURAL n. loss. . ELEGANT COT GLASS, - )- - , GLASS AND QUEEN8WARE, , ' 1 bet. Goods, Notions, Groceries 1 emigrate a atthereelsorered already arrived. Mrs. Young has for the last week been taking lessons limy house, and will ser.d for a reel for St. George ' 'My interest in the silk industry is increasing, and I o thmkwemay yet realize all cur fondest hopes' in Se manufacture of sill-1 w often Wlsh you were here to as skt.nH counse, rae My anx.ety so i .nait for you to name the date of your return. I hve to- Phikdelphia' I- o-. Londonnglandand -u- .urn.a 3 jn the mterest of the silk. Do scud me wi jicras oi laterwt on thjs subject.' laJ? -- F. Auerbachf&'Bro. A Full and Complete Stock of MILLINERY, Spring jznd Sjirmne?- Goods - zAK0 M01 1 DRESS TRIMMINGS. CALL AND EXAMINE. " : - TINNERS, CAS.WATER A STEAM FITTERS the country Admi. -- vfflSSS0 zilt D17IS JAin!3( 1st i LAIE CHT. ' 