The BighU of the Women of Zioa, and 'the Eights of tho Women of all Nation. H ITU For the ExpojrKxv - -- wn, MAY til All f 'j:4: . -- . 1, 1885. A.YiIe I,,SE11ING RAIN. opprobrious ontcast name . The royal badge of Saint's indeed; A heritage of scorn and blame-"- " .. This dower '.'the Christ" His own -- r llt to tbo rolca of tboplensahrppring rain T" ' Oh, Which trlcklM and llakles In cadences eweet,' ' M iBWog 4 eif horni, or merry refrain Of Beighbll and hoofbeats, o faint and bo flee- t- " Or tho whleper of ephjrpm orer the ' hills, ; ': HU deep MKrots ' telling to IcaVes of. the trees Tba Garble of birds,' the gay ..' of Jripple rills, The langhter of childhood, the of bees: - i trim nxmvr T f hamming i ToIce to.tlFrZ earth, ocean .V, a Wpj heartbeat, 'S?.????f4;? 'H?e J Seems mingled and "blended In ' harmony rare, 8o joyously tender, so horwfolly sweet. ' My heart can In the musical tone,ind sings In accord with tha beautiful rain ' A fcasheJIs forror in soft undertone "Breathe chorusei learned In the choir of the main .Md-Ahvls- rt bequeathe Children of Zion, need ye weep For oue who honored heaven's behefets? Nay, for record angels keep Of all who stand the fiery test. ' ; r ' . What if the world's reproach must be " 'T1 of JJ who'wi faithful found v The just shall wake to ecstasy 'Y ;" Soon as "the qulck'ning trump? shall sound. Rejoice J for with the dead 'tis well, Who noMy lived and faithful died; J1 . - Rejoice I that In God's crucible ' Even as gold tbo best are tried. - Heaven help -T- It jnurmars glad tIdingathr6ngnariThe VofTafr The herald of summer, proclaiming before: O trees of the woodland, so brown and bo bare, Tour preen robes and blossoms must deck, you once ' ' ' " Y . hereelfinhe to be true and pure, - Y.Y" "the faith" what e'er bcfali, And for the crown the cross endure, v.::':":-':-A- s did the mighty Lord of nil. EMILT IL WOODMANBEE. ' 8. L. City,' April 27, 1885. : : g,7- ' l V-v u. " more. . ' They start with a qulTerof J Me' IneachTeinp flweet Impulses tingle from rootlet to tough ::r.:--r- Of up and be doing; they scarce cani contain" The sweet tides of ecstasy thrllllng them now. ; It calls to .tbe'grftsftee, 'the lowly" of earth, ' 1 hark ! 1 have tidings at list, 7 "; jbey UitU Tour lances present, UIsHbe season of mirth,' "And ware your wee banners for winter Is past. All nature's dear children, "the great and the small, ' "On mduntala and valley, In meadow and dell, It greets, and they Joyously answer the call, ?Aad their bearta at Hi coming In rapture swell., '' ; Ob,' think of the Joy of the sprouting things 'That waken land stir In their dark loamy beds,. And-thril- l with delight at the song it sings : While trlppiag and dancing abore their beads. Little sisters and brothers, awake ! it cries, . Queen summer 1 coming across the bright main; I bring her fond message: my darlings arise ! I'm longing to kiss your sweet faces again. Soon all the brown meadows will laugh Into green a The stately, trees rustle In richest army, d The winter-boun- d brooks burst their chains, And merry birds twitter from each leafy spray. u Bless Gkxl for Ills goodness, His mercy and lore, .The fair face of nature, hill, Talley.and plain, ; All blessings and wonders, below and above, ; ' And thanks for the beautiful, beautiful rain. 5 C 1 -- ? x icy-col- ' J '':-- --'' Lu Daltox. IN MEMORY; OF CLARA J, YOUNG. DEDICATED TO ALL WHO HEB. 'Adorn the dead with robes of white" " Symbol of purity and peace, , With anthems sweet, and flowers most bright, ' Proclaim our sister's glad reltase. : ! A radiant rose, without a thorn;' ' A typo '6f queenly beantyrare-- ,1 ' - T ' ' knew her lnllfo's early morn, all he? future looked so fair; .J.iW'bea Tet, clouded oft her days hare been, A loDg and. lonely path she trod; ? Nor doubt we that she learned lo leap . For stfenglb upon the Lord, her God.' " Vt ' 'I v 'l'"ii 1 til a ' 7" jNa mere forber the dally cross, j..v That God's pecuiur people Dear, The world's contempt, who count as dross E'en Zion's daughters pure and fair. incl ine yout ears to what I may write unto you. Eugrave. the same upon the tablets of your inmost soul, unto the day of your great rejoicing, by.obeyiug the coun sela and instructions given you. continually by . , God,' which passeth the comprehension, save by that sad. bitter experience of those disobedient v to our Heavenly Father's laws. v Would that we could all see with the eyes of our elder brethren and sisters, or in other words, be counseled, led and directed by their inspired wisdom, how much misery and woe of-tdirest form might we escape ji this were our course Do not- - associate yourselves with any but Latter-daSaints, riot even the ' amongst us, for therein lies safety, and only therein; no matte: how nice or fair, they may seem, or of what relation they may be, if they are not of our faith shun them; should circumstances throw you into such society treat them with such- - civility as becometh a Latter-da- y Saint, but let it be of such a nature that is born of polished dignity, and that forbids any intimacy, and you will one day see and feel forcibly the wisdom of such a course and the blessings attached. ' Some will doubtless say, "Oh, that is tod straight' laced for me! Why such "severity?"' Listen. Do you believe in God? If so, do you believe He means what Heisays?.XdiA dQL yerygoodthenYHe-teJl- s us lhat those who are not for us are against us." Uan anything De more terseiy put? "But then' says another, "they are so niceso polite, so gallant, yes, my dears' I know they, are; Satan himself, I have heard, is a centleman. Thisniceness, gallantry, etc,' is generally a mere polished exterior, or inacquired from force of habit, coveringd- an ward corruption and vice of such a - -- g nature your very souls would, revolt with hor ror could you discern it. They are -- verily -- he half-hearte-d y - " yes, of the ww'-'-!li rpq vwj nal regions, sent o allure, pollute and destroy li?fo.T cotmi XAL VvA " N circumstances, with what wealth, or other seductive pleasures they may be surrounded, nor how loving and devoted the husband may seem to be, all' Ihis' is a fiollow 'in'ockery and the soul yearns after something better and . holier, beyond his power to bestow;, there is a void; a dreary, aching vacuum, that cannot be filled; children only add to your soul's misery; you are engulfed or surrounded by a- perfect sea of dou bts, fears and aw fal anxieties lest something should happen arid your treasures be taken from you, knowing' that death 'feevers ' all ties between youi The ," sleeping or waking, endured under these circumstances, are terrible, madde'iinjj, relentless aiid Tunceasing; truly "the wages . of sin is " in this rAsft a living nnc Acn :. Do not ba deceived by cases of 'those who .marry thus and. seem to b a happy, for 'tis but seeming at beat. Could you but look into the recesses of their hearts your souls would sicken at the sight. They would gladly ' exchange places with the veriest menial.'- True, there may be some who enjoy a moderate degree of happiness, etc., but, then' their day of judgment is to come; they are not suffering the effects of their transgressions on this earth, and hence will have to hereafter. Then who would envy them or their earthly happiness? We are not here for this life alone, must be borne in mind, that our fleshly desires overcome us not, but to earn happiness, joy, rejoicing, kingdoms and exaltation in the presence of our Lord throughout the endless ages, or "weeping," wailing." etc.; which ever we sow we reap, for the Lord says, "The laborer is worthy of his hire, and it is safe to say will be rewarded by the masttr he listeth to obey." Let us, then, be found laboring in the Lord's vineyard. Fpoh are known by their folly; let us rather be known by our wisdom, by pur obedience to the Priesthood at all times, and there will be no fear of our marrying a Gentile. They would have to seek wives amongst their own.' If . Now, my dear sisters, be warned in time. take to r about meet- the eye of one this. should -euch an awful step, pause, eflect ere you take . that terrible step; pause upon the verge pf the precipice whereon you etan(J,aml pray to God for strength,. power to comprehend and save yourself for a "more glorious purpose," and wait patiently for a husband of the kingdom of God; when you will learn the meaning of husband and wife in their holy and eternal mental-tortures- the Priesthood, at the tutualp, Primaries, by your parenw, in snort by all; whu bold the soul's salvation of the young dear. If jxm J , otherwise great .will be your sorrow and remorse; aye, that sorrow and remorse which cornea ofa conscience not void of offense to, TV erid-- i ? I would that ye bo-so'-- -- '.".y-.'f- t MY DEAR SISTERS, TFIE DAUGHTERS OF ZlON: . No more or he such pain and strife, " Conflicting fest.ty and hopes defend, The clashing cares of'mortsi life;1" ';" : ; : By which the tenderest hearts are 'stirred. ' THOUGHTS. . , our young sisters. Oil. and water cannot mix,: does riot unite. So: it is with the Latter-daSaint girl and the Gentile marriage; hencey the "straight laced ideas," as some may term tlem. It is displeasing in the sight of God for the sons and daughters-o- f Zion to marry with the ungodly, or the children of men.; .;Kead your Bible, Book of, Mormon, etc., cori well Itheir: precious pages, and learn tjie judgments of an" outraged God through the sons and' daughters marrying the children of inen. I bear my testimony to all the daughters of Zion, that no girl can bo happy, or have even tue shadow oi happiness, who commits the grievous error of uniting her fate with an unbeliever, grievous to none more so. than : : "us o-keep No. 25. instnimRTitiJ infer- - ; - - ; . " . .. significance. That this article may be the means of causer ing my young sisters to reflect and choose part, 13 my greatest desire. Before closing I wish to call attention to the - the-bett- -- A 