to some advantage, and if this is the' case, .the people "iviil soon be encouraged in raising cocoons u-- dent: After gfa ph for the home market. The white silk handkerchiefs manufactured by Bro. ChalmersTaTlhe Silk In each corner Knrtorv. are verv handsome'. the pattern.;, of the Salt Lake Temple is woven, the album-- 'rcip'zMk't tr if A ssociatiOn t cT bcabi; wiii c Trjs ; K wn s; n "gi S.I Uchirds. 1 . !u...i;:toulu xJoiq it: profitably,--- ft 'f xiua '.linnc or.-- , a ' 1 ' s. -- n, - - - -- s por-tio' j 1 - - opera-- price was set on account of the condition of the material to be operated on; and although we must still hold to the principle of valuing the cocoons Snfflv irvnrrllnrr tn thr ir n'mrhirf inn. T. m mav offered for the pound of reeled silk, realized from newly raised cocoons; and a still further advance may be reached for cocoons raised with special care, and by .experienced raisers. But this fact must be proven by the reeling. In order that the bet results may be obtained, co'coon.s must be reeled as early as possible after being harvested stilled and jsufficiently "dried to bear transporta. linn. A few ideas on the value of silk may not be out of place here, and may serve to correct erroneous impressions that some may have concerning it. Raw Silk, whiclris ilk in its first condition, when taken from the rocfoonsis bought and sold sixteen Hard silk, which jsj!sse ounces to the pound. cond condition,'having been spun and made into thread, is still sixteen ounces to the pound. Soft siik, which. is its next condition in the course ot manufacture, is counted at twelve ounces to the pound; the reason of this reduction is' that, jn the progress of scouring,it has discharged twenty-fiv- e percent of loreign matter in gum, etc. Its value increases rapidlyas it passes through its various processes of manufacture, until, when it the counter of the retailer, in many cases it wiil be six or eight times its original value. An approximate idea may here be got at of the amount of cash ca pi tar must go out of the community to bring from the eastern market the quantity of silk dress goods, 'handkerchiefs, ribbons, etc., which are consumed in Our midst; and for every pound of silk which we receive from the east, iiUL ICb Uldli IIUII1 IIIUM gO lO UTing 11 J , LU there is only the profits of the merchant remain here. But, say some, "We can get them so much cheaper from the east, and better finished than' they can 1jc done here.Tr- - "ThTs rnay be true so far as we have gone; in some points only the reasons . .. -- l. . v..' : l l: i . ; j . our help" has been inexperienced; our resources are'all limited, and Our expenses are as capacity"; I t . i ! 1 . 1 . r four tjmes what it is. These things can easily be removed, and as we have a- climate and country equal to any for silk culture. If we are only true to our own interests, and determine to be " taining,.as we profess" and ought to. be, ia two years from now our merchants may become exporters instead of importers of silk merchan- - self-sus-- - ve The above has been written at the request of several friends of the Industryand we cordially invite all who are interested to come to the silk factory. and see our operations for themselves. ''::"L.'.- , Jam es L. Chalmers. ' . A ' has-reache- -- i.r l"iVt ' ' -- ir-- iw-' . . day-wa- '., jbuch a limited scale .q.'n - We':t?hir4vH: suppose. but the n'n tint mnnrril nnliua lirnvnil r w , if tli iui ut. null v luaibi be supplied in sufficient quantities to keeb in operation all. our looms, a very different and much -better condition of things could be shown. for the cocoons has not been The price paid encouraging to'the raisers, being three dollars for -- I tained the pictures of the Bishop and his wife, the officers of the Association, and some of the mem-befThe next part of the programrnewas a . V" .. t i! iMt which makes'tne arucie suu more auracuve. presentation to the young President, Mrs. Val-druof an enlarged, handsomely framed photoOn Monday evening,' September 28th, a dis graph of her husband, who is now an a mission tinguished party of visitors arrived inr'thisrityyonneat Germany, accompanied with a very a short visit, and were the guests of Mrs. Luella written speech,' which was well read by the. S'ecre: Young. :'The party consisted of the Hon. James tary.and both these marks of appreciation seemed V. Barclay, M. P., and his accomplished wife, to meet with the utmost favor from all; the assem. and Mr. Frank D. Finley, who has for years been bly. Apostle Richards' made congratulatory' associated with the London press. Mr. Barclay rmarksto.the young people.and dyelt specially upthe able article on the "Mormon" is the author-o- f on the importance of true marriage, and the sacred"question published in the nineteenth century, "nessT of the Cove nhtsenfe reel into in such marriage, and afterwards put in pamphlet form and widely and the obligatons it places upon men and women. circulated among this people, and in other parts He also expressed his appreciation of the "honor of the world. We had an opportunity of meeting Mr.-;-. conferred upon his daughter-in-law- , E..S. with the. party and conversing- with them, and the in the beautiful gift bestowed," and the pleasure of a trip to the Lake, with quite a party 'Richards, Mrs. Jane S. accompanying written tribute. of ladies and gentlemen, who lunched on board Richards also expressed her 'good feelings and the General Garfield. On Tuesday evening a few kindly sentiments toward the young people, and ladies and gentlemen spent the evening at Mrs. made many excellent suggestions to the sisters as.- -' Young's. The time was occupied in interesting -conversation onthe topics: of the day, "and Mrs. - sembled. Brief addresses weredehre.reu bv the .sisters from the city upon education, refinement, Barclay, who is a very talented singer and musi literary progress, etc., and Dr. Pratt gave some cian gave us some exq'uisite Italian music. Miss Louie Wells andMrB. S. Young and Mr. C. 'valuable information on the subject of health,, and how to preserve it.. Sistersv Hattie Brown arid W. Stayner added to the mnsical part of the en Mattie Cannon each expressed, their feelings, and tertainment of the evening. Some delicious re exhorted the young to persevere. The Bishop freshments were elegantly served, and the evening -' spoke a short time, expressinglirsinterest in the passed off mostjagreeabiyr 7 young people, etc., and Mrs. Waldrun made some, The Primary fair, of the several associations of closing remarks,' and alluded to the surprise the Salt Lake County, was: held in the Social Hall in young ladies had -- arranged in giving her the pic- -' this city the 17th, 18th and 19th of September, ture; was very much gratified,, and hoped always under the supervision of Prest. Ellen C. Clawson to retain their affection. After the meeting was and her Counselors, Camilla Cobb and Lydia Ann dismissed, the invited guests, officers of the ReWells. There was a good showing of thechild- lief Society and Y. L.'M. I. A. and some of the dren's work, and the products of their labors in members, about fifty, in all, repaired to the' Bishop's the way of vegetables, fruits, butter, and other and partook of a sumptuous dinner, which; had articles of this kind, all of good quality. There been prepared for the occasion. In the evening seemed to be a great improvement in the quality the young people of the ward were to have a, of work since the first Fair, and a greater variety party in lheschool house. Altogether the of useful ' articles. The receipts fronPthe Fair a most enjoyable one, and we. returned home counted up to nearly a hundred dollars, though well pleased with the visit to North Ogden. The the price of admission was a mere trifle. After young ladies' seemed to be making good progress all expenses were paid there was remaining over n in the right direction, and to enjoy a goodly $87.50, and the little people were consulted as to of the Spirit of the Lord. what should be done with the money. All seemed to think they would like to make a donation to the . i T" was reserved i tor Acuipic, uu, dccuiuiugij,, OUR SILK INDUSTRY. the Manti Temple, and. $37.50 for the Deseret Hospital. Prest. Clawson and her Counselors Editor Exponent; musMeei exceedingly gratified with the success of In April of the present year we'began reeling the enterprise, as well as all those little people silk from cocoons for the purpose of manufactur whose labor and means contributed to the success- ing handkerchiefs and dress goods. Since then, ful affair. we have used about two hundred pounds of co On Friday, September 15th, we had the pleasure coons, and have obtained nearly an average of ol accompanying Apostle F. D. Richards and his one poundof silk for every five pounds of cocoons. wife to North Ogden to attend a meeting of the only one lot, of twenty pounds, produced what is Young Ladies' Association at that place. Dr. R. considered a proper production, yielding sixB. Pratt was also one of the from this party city, pounds of silk from the twenty pounds of cocoons. and in ogden we werOotned by 'Mrs. Hattie Some lots-hayielded, one pound from four Brown, Counselor to Mrs. Jane S. Richards Jn the' pounds, others have taken five pounds and some Relief Society of Weber Stake, and Mrs. Mattie six pounds to one pound of silk. This has been Cannon and Mrs. Lettie Richards, which made in up consequence of all the cocoons being old,4 and a very pleasant party. Arriving at the new meetpartially destroyed by vermin. ing house, we were warmly welcomed by " the Understanding that nearly all the cocoons in the Bishop and others. The house was well filled, Territory were in this condition, we undertook" the quite a large number of the congregation being task of reeling them, putting the price to ba paid young girls. Mrs. Ellen Waldrun presided with" for them at such a figure as would enable us to ease and dignity over the meeting.. After the meet the expense of working them up, and getting usual exercises and reading of minutes, remarks them out of the way with as much profit to the were made by the the and President, Secretary raisers as possible," We did not thinkT in the be read an address which had been prepared for the ginning, that all would be satisfied with the results, occasion in honor of Mrs. Emily S. Richards, who and we are not ourselves, for we have not been had, until recently, presided over the Y. L. M.'I. able to obtain wages from the transaction, 'but in A. of Weber Stake. The .. .. t address was well uoing so we nave practically solved the problem written and contained many expressions of love, of taking the native material and putting itthroug lirespect and confidence, and was very complimenthe various processes of reelingspinning, scourtary indeed of the labors of their former presiing and manufacturing into goods fit for the' mar- - 69 THE WORD OF WISDOM. Editor Exponent: - The word of wisdom, which has been given by the Lord through the Prophet Joseph Smith to His Saints in this dispensation, is full of correct information upon those things which are condu- cive to health and of promised blessings to those who observe and keep it according to the spirit and meaning thereof. Among other things in it He has said, ''And again, strong drinks are not for the belly, " but for- - the" washing "of your bodies." The Lord considered this all that was necessary. . 