WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 7 . of. decency decencies are matters of taste, ...i.fnm onrl linKJf o t l "r rtr" ' iir f fi'"' ' 1 m n n nA John "Seidell's "Table Talkl' He was a ber of the Westminster Association for the doctrine,,; liturgy, and ?gOywftntrf)r the Church, ofvEngland, of a covering to lurr : stupendous ''learning in all kinds, and in all ''" ci I Di-SCttl.i- ut man-witho- . . -'.. writer empFas i zes tHaT it' is clear tnat "polygamy is a sin against the law of nature and the law of society, against man and against woman." If it be' thus so clear, it is wondrous strange that many wise auu fjuuu uicu uu uat uiauc ii a wauci of special observation did not so see it. Nowhere in the Bible is there any condemnation of it. On the contrary, Abraham, Teaac,Jacob, Moses, the psalmists and prophets, practiced polygamy, Said Jesus: "Whosoever shall put s wife and marry- - another com miteth nway-hiadultery against her. The sin is not in marrying another, but in putting away the other wife, "The Lord, the' God of Israel, saith that he hateth putting away." Malachi 2, 16. So far from being clear to Plate that polygamy was wrong, he suggested that in a perfect republic it would be of great advantage i n concerneui ii t w an mat wives ana cnuaren shotil d be in common. BorratesTf hedtioret, St. Ambrose, St. Chrysostom, StrAugustin, roiingoroKe," juutnur, iueianctnon, ana churchmen and statesmen, after careful consideration, have concluded that polygamy was not forbidden, neither by the law of nature, nor by the word of God, and therefore is not sinful. All this and much more valuable learning on the subject may be found in Rev. Dr. Martin MadanV'Thelyfihthora " published in 1781. in London, by a brother of the Bishop of Bristol and Peterborough. Dr. Madan there seeks to prove that polygamy is a divine law of marriage, and that the dissoluteness so prevalent in the cities of Christendom (some revelations of which have recently been made through the columns of the Pall Mall Gazette) are the necessary and certain outgrowth of enforced exclusive monogamic marriage. A copy of Dr- - Madan's book is in the Boston Public Library. Moreover, about ten years : The Co imowcai , - . - - i- : other-philosopher- s, . edition of 'iThe History and Philosophy of Marriage, or Polygamy and monogamy compared by a Christian Philanthropist." The author was a Baptist minister, who went to India, and there, having lived for many years, he returned, he says, "to my native laud an older, and, I hope, a wiser man," He the prejudices of modern Christians to polygamy "are neither natural nor inveterate, but that they have beon induced bv the corrupted Christianity of the mediaeval priesthood, and that they will be removed when Christian people become better informed." Rev. Daxn' n All can Board of Missions for twenty-fiv- e years in India, in his "India Ancient and Modern," a Library by Throdore. Parker, says (page G04): Polygamy is not wrong as it exists among Jews. Mohammedans and Hindoos, and that the continuance of the relations after thev becnmft Christian cannot be morally wrong- - The Cal. cutta Missionary Conference of missionaries of Beyeral sects, exclusive of 'Roman Catholic, ftuODted linnnimniiQlTT V. r.r.r. kl..,".. Bairlet this article, now almost too lorig'for your columns, clooe with a single remark from J BY MRS. SARAn I -- CROSBY. tlemen :Gen on and ladies: I appear before you this interesting occasion, in behalf of the mnLhers xjfllsraeland- -I tomy .Heavenly J?.ather for the privilege ot bein am-than- kful able to represent such good and pure and noble minded women as the women of Utah and the mothers in Israel, and that we are permitted in peace to- celebrate tlii memorable day, the 37tlr "anniversary of the arrival of the Pioneers into Salt Lake VrtllPv' whprft thp. S.iints tfinnrrlit ing persecutions of the Mormons may speedily . and completely cease. they were free from oppression and where they A E G could "worship God according to the dictates Mass.,' 1885. Park, 22, of their own consciences." Hyde July After being driven from the States of Misouri and Illinois, their husbands and R. S. REPORT.. fathers having been torn from their families, imprisoned and some even murdered by a EMERY STAKE. '.. 'truthless mob, while innocent women and child-- , Minutes of the 5th conference ren had been left without a protector and of the 'Relief Society of Emery Stake held at many had suffered death from hunger and Castle Dale August 7th 1885. Prest. Anna U. exposure and all for the knowledge they fcad of Larson pre5idingr--Singing- , prayer by Prestr God and t h e tru thfu tiessof iliYwork,:and the C,G. Larse.n. Singing, and minutes of last ready willingness to obey his laws, and while conference read and approved, also statistical fleeing a3 fugitives from their beloved country and financial reports for the last half year, and under the ' most trying circumstances an President -- Anna U. JLarsen - addressed the order jvas given by Colonel S F Kearney of the U. S: Army, then commanding the army conference; was pleased to hear the reports-fo- r six showed last the the of the West and' issued by Ca))t. James Allen months, thought it to be to alive their duties, saidthepoor call in g fprfive hu n d red o four bes tn ienwh. o jisters be should fmembered , if any in our midt.'f would accept the service for twelvemonth.-'ot the persecutions we are passing who would be willing to serve their country for bpoke through at this time and said, it behooves us that period in the war with Mexico, which to live humble and prayerful that we may be order was complied with, leaving women and faithful to the end. The presidents were all children on the prairie without homes or present except the one from Moab. They gave shelter, my mother and her children being verbal reports showing that the sisters were anions: the number. united in whatever they undertook to do ; "What were their families lo do," Meeting was then adjourned till half past Their children wives and mothers too, 1 o'clock. Singing. Benediction by Bishop H. When fathers, husbands, sons were gone? Olsen. of-ma- ..ward thoughts. DELIVERED AT PANOUITCIl' ON TTIE 24TIT OF JUEY. 1 by a strange face, arid sometimes will veil it with her only "language. affi petticoat. A well bred African lady blush ear idge said, there is" more weighty bullion sense in it, than he ever. found ;in the same number to be seen for the first time in clothes. Why nolion Commonwealth writer's of of pages in any uninspired " writer Selden's the should remark U that "Marriage is nothjngbut a decency be enforced upon "Mormons" instead civircontract. "Of all actions of a man 8 life, oftheir notions " is is fruit of it the rhis ignorance; prolific marriagefdoes least concern other" people, decency oC all actions of our life, 'tis most meddled in vicious minds. It does not exist in virtuwith by other people." ous souls. Pharisees and hypocrites everywhere f Tim f aaa Trnnh rf if- nnpnnn!niia all the wbt-lJSow, Mr. Editor,; please allow me to express it is simply the reflex- - action: of their own in- - the wih good, citizens, that the exist- - . AN ADDRESS. mem- - riy " ' . - - semi-annu- al . . -- -- -- 1 -- -- . , Mothers drove teams, and camps moved on. Afternoon meeting: Opened with singing, prayer by Bro. E.Curtis. Singing. Sister Larsen spoke for a short time was thankful she had a testimony to bear to the truth of this work; spoke of the persecutions of the Saints. Brother Peter Johnson, Sister Ann Pulsipher Sister A. Fulmer, also Sister S ten a Olsen and Sister Curtis spoke and bore, faithful testimonies. President C. G. Larsen was pleased to hear the reports read, thought it very commendable to the sisters, was glad, they had a few hundred, bushels of grain stored up. Spoke of said some of our brethren are cast into prison but that is just a commencement of the trials, and it is not alone those who practice the law of celestial marriage, but all claiming to be Latter-daSaints will be tested in a similar manner. Olsen was highly pleased to see Bishop the improvement the sisters had made and en' couraged them to faithfulness. President Anna U. Larsen made closing remarks; was pleased to see part of the carpet ready, made i,y tue Meters of this Stake, for Manti Temple. -- Thanked all the sisters for donating so freely. Sister Clara C. R. Koffbrd was then sustained as Assistant Stake Secretary for the R. S. of Emery Stake. Conference adjourned till the first Friday in Feb. 1886, to be held at Huntington. Singing., Benediction by Bishop J Robertson. Analiza Seely, Stake. Sec. home-manufactur- e, y Madame Patti is taking "a rest at her castle in Wales and intends remaining there until November. But passing over these scenes and encounfer-in- g the hardships .of a. long and tedious jour- ney of over a thousand miles on a trackless wilderruss brought us to the valley of Great Salt Lake then a barren desert uninhabita ble except to the wolf, owl-a- nd roamii)g Indian. But nothing daunted these same brave . women went to work with a will, in connection with their husbands to make homes in the desert and make it blossom as the.rpsf; with fill the hardships of a frontier life, they can now point with pride to their beautiful homes ' in the once desert valleys, also their numerous and beautiful children being reared in the fear and admonition of the Lord. But the enemy that drove them from their homes in the States of Misouri ; and Illinois is again upon them with intent to mob them of their peaceable happy homes and their liberties. ' Delicate women have been made to suffer the most exquisite torture of mind, some have been incarcerated' in prison, and all for. the sake of our religious convictions, but do we ftel to bemoan' our fate? Not at .all! but we will contend legally for our rights trusting in God and that we may ever prove true to our religion, to our God and to our friends, is the humble prayer of your sister. A. ' .The telegrams on the 25th of August announced a horrible calamity in Canton,China,by a floo'd which destroyed at once ten thousand lives, The details are horrifying and the consequences which will follow the loss of property and' crops will no doubt involve such distress and suffering as one shrinks from thinking about. " ' 