..T-.- WOMAN'S "EXPONENT. 64 and detrredation among the youn people tluin there jf at the present day. There would not be as many Huffering poor, neither V would there be as much "immorality among ' the people; but on the contrary, peace, good cheenulaess, and- pienty would-reigin the land, the Lord wouldiook down from his holy habitation, and smile upon us and bless us all. EL The Young Ladies' Mutual Iinprove- fir.--t 7 men organized in M ayj 1807. in the Lion House, by. Eliza K. S. under the fcunervidion or 1 resident Young, vith trie instruction that his daughters Jt be-- ; clinnid nnmnoso the. first organization. iti( entire.lv a new move. "o" far its acting m organized capacity was concerned, she thought " it advisable to appoint more than two couri-- : ' selors, but after ward t hey were reduced to mi-er- v' order.--happines- - ?." ; " two. J tone - ,77T ' Cm any of ybu tell who the first - .officers were? .'. . I "can, all but the treasurer; I could first.. And not learn who held that they had no treasurer, as they had no use for Mrs. Ella Young Empy one at that time; Mrs. was President; Mary E. Young Croxall, Elk pj.-ition'- at k Miss Maria Young, now Mrs. Dougall, JNIiss Julia PhebcYoung, no Young, now Airs. Burton, Cis8 Zina Young, now Mrs. Williams, were counselors. ' Min. The Central Board presiding over all the Y. L. M. I. A. in all the world was or- -' j,'auized JumTlDth, 1880,tirMrirElminaS. Taylor, President; Mrs. Maggie Y. Taylor, Miss Mattie Iloriie, now Mrs. Tingey, Louier M'.Wullsisecretaryand Mrs." Fanny Young Thatcher, treasurer. JtoxeT What-i- s the object of this as- : tliis--- were,- - gentleness .and genuine kindness; which won- for her a great circle ot friends. Her whole soul seemed to be wrapped up in the study of music, thus bringing sunshni'e jn ad our gatherings? She was an acti.e' member in our Sabbath School, a.dd was ever striving to improve those-- ; talents with which; her And r as Maker had moit generously endowed hel such she' will ever live as a bright spark in the memories of - - oKl' tiir-both sociation? The name of the Association signifies its object mutual improvement in behavior, order, punctuality, refinement; in short, we fchould as children of the Latter-daSaints in all improve things. Min. Yes. we should improve all the time. Every day we can make a little advancement towards perfection,. itnd then we will not any Ma. y more than be prepared for the trials that wc may be called to pass through. Ka. I think we had better take up the They are a very essenPrimary Association. tial organization. There we take our first lessons in a public capacity, in bearing testimony, giving recitations, etc fto.And we arc taught many good and " - IMPORTERS surer. Dry And now the Belief Society has on hand over 10,000 bushels of grain laid up ' against a time of famine, IN MEMORY Of our dear friend and Mary, daughter of John V. and 'Elizabeth Snedakcr, died June 21st 1S8;, ..f diphtheria. She was born April 17th 1867, in Mill Creek where she lived nnd died, truly a Latter-daSaint, years, 2 months and 4 days oil. Her nature was such that made h?r highly respected by all who knew her. And we may say, in the best sense of tlie si-t- y -- word, that Mary vu a lupericr young lady; possessing" ' AND JOI5BEUS OF T ELEGANT CUT GLA8, AGRICULTURAL We carry a Urger and more complete Stock than any house a the west. x. s. H. Si ELDREDCESupt. Special to the Ladies. ... t. AT TEA S D E L ' S Will be found the latest styles and pioductions in CO., LACES, RUCHES, EMBROJDERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOL, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, TINNERS, CAS.yVaTER & STEAM FITTERS Agentfor UUMSRY'rt celebrated LIFT and FORC E TUMI'S. Tumps Repaired on sho'tnotice. Orders fr the country promptly responded to. -- a Aiire. EA7ID Box ' LASS CIT7. 35G.--C1L- And an elegant assortmeuf of JDttlT GOODS: for Ladies' Misses' and ..Special department Shoes. BvPratt WILL COMMENCE TIER Semi-Annu- al F. Auerbach & Bro. j Class, Sept, 21, In her large and l'itts well-appoin- & Office, In ted God-be- " Co's Drusr Store. In-arit- 's East Temple Street. 112, 114, 116, 118 Dr. Romama ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. "Patents have been issued to women during the week ending August 25, as follows: Mar? B. Martin. New York Citv. Decorat- ing paper and other materials with oil Colors. Mary L. TsTorthen,Lanier, Texas, Dress-charMinnie B. Tate, Johnstown, 111., Cooking utensil." -- AND WALL PAPERS, CARPETS her sleep, while her loss we deplore, Thoughts of her virtues increase more and more, 'Twill be long eHer the sting of her absence is o'er. God grant we may meet on heaven's bright shore, Where sorrow and parting shall grieve us no more.'' dc - CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, ' Sweet be JAMES T(X)LS AND IMPLE- InIENTS, . UrU'ZJD v GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, telligence possible. We extend our sympathies to the bereaved ones; for we, too, have sorrowed, and know how to appreciate the tears -which flow, when we are called to part with those whose affections arc entwined around our hearts. But, in all pur.trhls and afflictions we ; should remember this: "God., "' knows best." - Goods, Notions, Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HABDWARE, . Fall and 'Jomplcte 3tock of A MILLINERY, x ' Spring Lecture at 4 p. m. .Charts, Mannikin and all apparatus for teaching Ax Electricity is a great adjuvant to the iJealinc Art, an possessing one of the best Battpries lessons ou its applications and uses In medicine will be jrivcii the . , students. and-Suinmc7-G- AND " oods LADIES DRESS TRIMMINGS. 1 ST CALL AND EXAMINE. : . Tuition for Three Months, Books, (Three) A All a- V -- useful lessons, which if we give heed to will ' prepare us ior future usefulness. El. The first Primary Association was organized in the autumn of 1878, in Farming-toih- , Davis Co., with Mrs. AurelhvS. Rogers President; and in Salt Lake City, with Mrs. Louie Felt President. The one in Farmington was partially organized August 11th, but was not completed until after the one in. Salt Lake City, which was in the Eleventh Ward; ' Ma The Central Board was organized the same day the others were, with Mrs. Louie Felt, P resident; Mrs. Matild a M. Barratt and Mrs. Clara C. Cannon, counselors; Mrs. Lillie Freze, secretary; and Miss Minnie Felt, trea- jOjL 8 SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. and young. It seemed that our dear sister was too good for this earth. That mighty and noble- spirit was too pure to be long en A greater and more glorious cased in tint mortal casket. I " sphere awaited her. She was permitted to see angels once or twice before she dit.d, and also "had the privilege of s'eiiig some of her friends who had gone before. She retained consciousness un til the last, giving instructions as to her burial etc., besides giving a great deal of good and beneficial advice,. Though hard indeed to part with one so good and kind, yet one great comfort to the parents is to know that GoJbas blessed them with sych a beautiful and noble daughter; and to know .that by faithfulness to the Gospel, they will meet her again-- , filled with all the light and in- ss coun--pelorspMi- -- character;' added Jo ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, J86S. .. which gives sublimity to womanly that innate refinement, $30.00, A CLASS IN MIDWIFERY. 13.50. nurnber of appl'cations areJisualiy received after n: it is earnestly those ucBiriug will be at the opening the cla.--s has bo-i,- R (fox WILL r PRIMARY 8 E A KE R.Nos . 1 and o MUSIC BOOK for Primarv POEM5, byE.K.Snow, Vol. ol 2, con Taining steel c. 7, per copy nv' lX SI (i Ilv-m- n COPPPp m1rSr' bound lQ - ' engraving iQ morocco, ' 1.50 NKPT. 23, '8"). Every advantage and attention will be given utadents to secure l heir rapid advancement and proficiency in their studies. Tuition per Term, Books, ttorocc. .wwx.wio, witu eieei encravines of tu COIENX'E IIEIl CiassinMiilwifcrj, BOOKS BY ELIZA R. SNOW. SHIPP MAGGIE Office $10.00. 13.00. and Reiidencs, 34 Seventh Eart Street. s t 