WOMAN'S" EXP ON EN T. at two p.m. The Society jnonthly, on to-dayh presided oyer by Swl,r Ana M. Eldred who is sx good, iutid'uLtiirtirv-mtn-zrrT- i believe wa. fully appreciate the privilege )f --l- iving in thw out of the way place," and hein ' 191 , J nd shielded as our meetings, and pray the Lord to bless thoc of our biethren and sisters who are bein scented for righteousness', sake, and hasten per. the time wnen Zaon shall be free. '. -- r- v Editoi: ExroNirr: . -- Permit me, through the columns of your to few words about the YounV paper, say a Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association' of - Riverdale.- -; Our Association In a prosperous condition. We hold "our meetings and of late have had a very good at' tendance. Our president. Sister Maria Russell, with heiMxmnselors, Sisters Nancy By bee and Bingham, attend their meetings very regularly, and take a .great interest in the welfare of the1 young ladies, and do all in their power to make the meetings instructive and interesting.' Owing to the day school being in seesion during the week, we aro deprived of having the school house to meet in, and hence we are obliged, to meet at some private' residence. The exercises of our meetings consi.-- t of select readings, essays, songs, lectures and speeches; we also have, one of the first principles of the Gospel given to us for, a subject; we prepare ourselves to speak upon this subject lor the next meeting, We have a very good list of teachers in our Association, who visit the ward monthly, thus doing m ucli good toward bringing the sisters out to meeting. , At our last meeting the President spoke to some extent to the mothers, as there were quite a number present, showing them the necessity of urging their daughters to attend their ings regularly, and also said that the mothers "shouIoTmeet with their daughters and speak to them ard, encourage them in the work that they were engaged in. Let me urge all my young sisters to attend faithfully to all their durles and meetings, for we can plainly see that they are productive of . much good, and the Spirit of the Lord will dwell in richer abundance with us if we will unite one with another in doing all the good that we can in trying to roll on this great work, and strive to carry out the good instructions that we hear from t ime to time. At the Young Ladies' Conference, held in the Ogden Tabernacle, Friday March 13th, there were a great many good instructions given and a good spirit prevailed. Some of the instructions were brought to our meeting for the benefit of those who were not able to attend the conference. Hoping that you will reserve, space in youi pa per for these few lines, I ani, Yours Respectfully, 1 Eliza W. Ciiilp. Riverdale, Weber Co., March 25th, 1885. . -- semi-monthl- Lu-eim- y, ia "";"v"""" . -- th SANPETE PRIMARIES. Editor Exponent: " . responded to. Bro. Lewis asked the choicest blessings on Sister Toone. ; Sister Home had been highly edified this afternoon; the childrenjvould do well to apply the essays and recitations that had been given. She was present when the society was first formed, and she wa3 impressed to name Sister Toone as its president. Would have liked to have seen the boys brought forward. Endorsed the recitation ot a little b y "Give the boys a chance." Wanted them to pray for Sister '. Toone. Sister Taylor was delighted with all she had heard and seen; everything had been of a refined and elevated caste. "Pray for Sister t - wVlfi KPT VP. tho. Tvfird -- 1 , - Toone.' Sister B. W. Smith "wa3 ?lad to see so man v more children than formerly. "Children, you have been well instructed, and bless and pray for your teachers and your President. Sister Ferguson: "You good boys and girls, I, have been delighted with you all this afternoon;! see you are so much improved. The -- lust days are truly upon us, and much devolves upon men and women. I hope you will all re-- " member that essay read here on faith, and apply it to yourselves, each one; I hope you will have il. when you need it." Sister Clarke felt enough had been said, but she was delighted with all she had heard and seen. Meeting was then adjourned for one year. Singiug, "Hope of Israel." Bro. Geo. Romney Jun. spoke a few words, and closed the meetII. T. K. ing by a benediction. PRIMARY, EAST BOUNTIFUL Editor Exponent: , T" I thought I would write a few lines to our much esteemed paper,so that the other Primary Associations may have 'the opportunity of knowing how we are getting along in East Bountiful. ; We held our sixth annual meeting April 18th, 1885, in the Tabernacle. There were children, present one hundred and seventy-fivaud quite a number of their parents, and of course that was very encouraging to those who" con-- " preside. We had a very good programme, sisting of songs, dialogues, questions and answers from the 'cards. One dialogue, by seven little girls, the title "When we aro. . e e On our late visit to the Primaries of this Sanpete Stake of Zion we found the children progressing very$ satisfactorily; indeed it seems ? as it it would be impossible for such as those we met" with to do otherwise: blest as they are seenand " parents. Bro. .Savage gavea riddle: What were we all doing at tbe same" time? (Getting older.) Called on the children to pray for long life to SisterTooue. This Association was a prepara-- . tion for the upper room. Felt the Spirit of God was present, and desired the children to carry home the influence they felt here. Bro. Richards had attended every meeting. "Children, remember all you have heard here this afternoon." Proposed a vote of appreciation to Sister Toone, which was unanimously - HelenaMadsex,Lucy Bergland. The Primary anniversary meeting of the 20th Ward couveued in the school house on April the 24th, 1885, Present on the stand: Presideut Emma Toone, Sisters H. T. King, M. 1 Home, B. W. Smith, E. S. Taylor and Dr7 Ferguson. Of the brethren, Counselor Dunh.qr Cicnrcrp A. Romnpv and Wm. Willes. Bro. Lewis is the oldest man in the ward, and it was hi3 eighty-sevenbirthday. Meeting opened by singing, "Never too late." Prayer by George Roraney Jun. Singing, "Haste, to the Primary." , Organist, Miss Savage. Minutes of the last meeting read and accepted. Then followed songs and reci-- . of the boys and girls; all tations by twenty-fivwere good but I must especially name a very little lady Kate Ilomney her manners. and" appearance were sweet, and her organ solo was; beautifully rendered; her time excellent. There were Others I would like to speak of especially, but indeed all were good, and the order and - Bro. Romney said he had attended all the meetings, and he saw a great improvement in the children from time to time, and great merit was due Sister Toone; he wished the parents to send their children all the time, and not only at the; anniversary; and he thanked Sister " Toone in his ow'n name aud in behalf of the PRIMARY ANNUAL MEETING. . if nurnnffc heard. of faith, virtue and integrity, "making the world better wherever they go. We were received with the most cordial welcomes wherever we went, and enjoyed our visit with our little friends, as well as with the older biethren and sister3 with whom we met. We were favored with having our much es- teemed and beloved sister, Mary A. P. Hyde, join us at Spring pity and accompany us to Mt. Pleasant, Fairview and back'. A severe snow storm prevented us from visiting Indian-o- la Primary, which we regretted exceedingly. Yours in the Gospel, -- ToomfoalIihte-had -- - X liolri rr Knrn . provemenHn-thelelection heavy fringe. Of the nineteen Associations of this stake fifteen have held fairs, several of them two or tnree. lnese fairs, besides their industrial advancements, are also of some financial benefit, as they enable the Primaries to snpply themselves with the necessary books, help build the Temple, and in some instances. we. are informed they have donatid to the Deseret Hospital. The dear little souk are so anxious to do, that if they are only led and directed with love and care they will ultimately be men and women , Ktr . -- ; M, jdJ& " of their exercises. uuu we were otten touched to tears during the' rendition of them. Children but three years old took part in the' programme in, a way that drew tears of gratitude, to the Giver of all good gifts, from the eyes of the older ones. Presidents Peterson and Maiben encouraged us with their presence irad kind words," as also a number of the bishops. The Primary Associations take a pride in adding then- - mite to help build the Temple" at Manti. We were shown a counterpane, which' had been bought at the Te.uple store, of which the owner was justly, proud. It was understood to Jiave been donated by one of the P. A. of this stake, At Fountain Green Sister Collard, the Prest-- , told me that the P. A of that place.last harvest, turned out en masse &m gleaned wheat enough to buy the cotton; each able girl member patched a block exactly the same size and pattern. The blocks were then joined and beautifully bordered with a deep, -- . President and her assistants. Their labor must have been greal and unsleeping. children were through: with th$& programme Sister Toone said she could only give two or three minutes to each speaker as the time was so advanced. Sue then called on Bro. Dunbar, whosaid he was glad to be pres ent, inaLjjenacUad mired the xfraer'of - the children, and in the name of tho narpnt h felt to express his feeling3 ot satisfaction-ta-rSit- er """W-e- foundthe sisters in charge laboring iu meueansana intellects ."".j, -. ' II IInV. fiiiipuye rri of tuiiuiioiKSr 'Itrere isanotah a- - m. paper,we remain with you in all good works. NOTES FROMRILERDALE goodlnannerof the children did ample credit to their but taught true principles, .to keep the laws of vod, and vet with uu unmistanaOJe contrast to ivUh: gOodjjT euch facilities as they have for learning, in schools and associations, blest with healthy bodies and pure minds, we look for no small results from such naturally a combination of "nobody in particular." We enjoy much of the Spirit of the Lord in " thejaLfr.om contaminating -- ; 