Ml WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. : - roo'xE who wrote ix .."..:'' - Love on '. RESPONSE. '.'farewell Vxi'oyEXT Tin-: ' TO LOVE. "J ! Love on! kt none freeze up the henPt, love will ever youth ari l life impart; A precious gilt, our Kather gave-tman,to aid scan. To him, God's eternal truth v Love on ' - ! have no further trouble on your account, and our deputy marshals can be paid, and so can re, and live on your exit.'' 5vo, never! we are not all fools. "TM back to- the 0enreat auestion come . . i which lies at the foundation of government, tho question of the rights of the people to make their own laws, and that no other power has a right- to make law3 for them. You re member, in the Declaration of Independence, we asserted the right of men to govern themselves. That is the great fundamental idea of America, and is now the one being applied, to. vhifh wf frivn our svmnathv and support, The right of man to govern himself and to abolish laws that are inimical to his welfare is the principle that was asserted at Bunker Hill, and in glorious triumph it wa3 proclaimed at Yorktown." (Great applause.) lishment of virtue, j:::;o and good, moral conduct, and order and. thriftof her 'people. own law3, tin' right lu.make-our We claim simply because wo can regulate our own affairs better than an v." one else can regulate them for so we, on our own .soil, for that simple uj and must lr "Utah, "That reason, :fir-was the gie;a argument t '.asserted' in this r . .. s-f- .. - iruiTtr,7. .One- '. - - iiundrlTlarirllaTgtablished the fact .that V-l- government, with respect to local afl.hiis,- u the" truo 'system ;if government in this wudd." No trouble CA.ii a re- (hi t. what our own legis lators can regulate, i air' matters- - of home' f " ... Love on! when in the prime of youth Our spirit clings to' Leauty and to truth; Nor dream a foe may lurk in smiling guise, And drive the beauteous phantom from our eyes, -- ! alfai rs. H o, mu wt -- e local IT ,;'( . ' inent. "What citizen, i.(.iig any'other people, o Uk dragged lrom of a fro: mind, would a home fireside i n to-- re mt state andberim-iths- , to await what? mured in a p: iur :u Mary Ann Merrill Pratt. laud-- of An inquisition. In ,u liberty Salt Lake City, Sep. 17th, 1885. "America not mlinu.ib r Lugland.no; but the horn?' of the br.iv ';i;;d the land of the Ywi may hunt ibe wi le world over,and I defy any one to find 'k-r men. and women IT DON'T PAY. than have In.; n taken fVo.'ii their" hoinFsrand friends, deprived of tli. ir usefulness in the It don't pay to have one citizen in the coupublic good, and their wives and children another citizen. sella h i m' ntyjailbecause ini r r o fo "Tawlesi tli r p r Tup ' )f g catity liquor. forced com on truders,' anirthrivipg. nC nan- - i n in a l"na Trt nr2 niin (a tn .. out- of the coffers fill idler's to the munity tic asylum .because another citizea. sold him - of its own native born hard earned real iv citizens. fs not Arnf rieri inlebted to the ( liquor. Latfer-da- y It don't pay to have fifty workmen ragged, Saints for Ui nil's resources? Was saloon keeper dressed in broadit not settled up by th-- ' ?n under the most try- - - to have one ' .t n j t i ,i f in ft m r. !! itvf o n e need not go to irisn ciotn ana nusn wnn money. hilorv to find a per-- c ut' f people.' Xo, not It don't pay to have ten smart, active, intelliit beyond our own cjur: rv s limits, iiere has gent boys transformed into thieves to enable been enacted the m. , unjust and stringent one man t to lead an easy life by selling them measures against an ii.iteeeut and unoffending liquor. eopIe.'. lu plain contradiction to our counIt don't pay to give one man, for $15 a try's laws and ('onstitu: iou, which gives liberty quarter, license to sell liquor, and then spend of religious belief and conscience, can an ac$5,000 on a trial , on another man. for buying tive mind !.: eternally laucued with superstithat liquor and committing murder under its tious fog)ismy Why is it that. America's influences. Christian Secretary. rulers a ry s as to syu)athize with Ireland and nrji itv.ay out to Utah with a le gis'atot 'a-- ii to thrash her own sub- NOTES AND NEWS. 'WMl," ihey,."l'tnh is. a Territory, and they have no nght'i ..::non with us. Ve and cannot Utah be"Mrs. Marietta M. Bones is deputy clerk of Indiana is a tat-. come one:' Are not her numbers sufficient? Are the district court of Webster, Dakota." fifteen thousand pe.ml; not-- to be trusted with, "Kate Greenaway will offer the holiday seathe reins Who, in Indiana, would trust to any other tate. in legislation for son a new book, called 'The Marigold Ga. : rden.'" her schoof-,lthe building 1141 of her industries? Ho 'according-T- the majority in Utah. "Miss Cleveland is a successful author. Her When persecution c?awith us to exist, not . 1 nas run ten oook methe the . but the eaitions,ana tnrougn aireaay only agricultural has been into several translated f;f the cities and towns languages." chanics, the peor-'bt must live, and Utah clothed with the .iit-rtLady Dufferin has formed in India a Naana. these Oi power rignt 'female meditional Association for matters' wjii be cared lnat is a doctrine cal aid,' i. e., women supplying doctors to attend the so plainly ex pressed anl "o powerful in its apwives of the natives in sickness." plication to 'human intc ts, that it will never stop; it will go eii. "Mile. Sinay has been awarded by the jury For many year- - it not been a of the Paris Conservatoire ' a first prize for verted i question- - that tli e Saints ' violin-playinMiles. Gauthier, Dautin, and : have been dealt jiardl , bv. ft. is wi lelv known Boutin a premier accessit,and Mile. Magnier a tha they liayd, ..nut had lair play. How is it second accessit." that American eliiA were driven by a lawless 'mob "into - j.!i'se wild, unknown regions, - "Mrs. Kingsley Harrison, a daughter of uninhabited by the white race'.- TheTught linfer-til- e Charles Kingsley, is the author of the novels and barren h'iade by this people to blos-.so'Mrs. Lo rimer' and 'Colonel Enderby's Wife as the ruse, redeemed by them from its under the Lucas Malet. For along sterile condition by hard Industry in the midst time her first book was supposed to be the of poverty, being deprived of their mother work of a man." laud, the homes of 'tin ir birth, and thrust out freedom into a desert Without a doubt, the mother's superior or beyond their land v.aate. liave the Iri.sii eOle been served inferior intelligence is the most deeply imthus? No; they oou!i! srny at home, but we printed upon the child. Horatio Yates,M. D., could not. Missiles of w ar were used pointed Professor Queen's University. at luen, wo'men and bihlren, and they were "Colonel Higginson's 'History of the United driven oyer the Mississippi River in the month of February, to freeze and starve. States,' most of which has appeared 'm Harp' And now our gyod, kind followers say, er's Maaazine, is soon to be printed in book 'Give yourselves up; oh. Jo! that wo may form." ; LA'e on.! - Love on in life's rrutun-- r age, iron with When time, pen fillsup the' page, O'er wKich we sigh and often drop the tear, As scenes are shifting by us year by year. .ove on ! Love on ! ... ' " . , in life's declining age ! i-i- ed ' ' . The youtljful and mature become the sage; ( Three score and ten may number out our dav, But itill love on until we pass away. . . Love on Love on! - . ! ..,:HANNAa-,,T,.XiuSalt Lake City," Sep. 26th 1885. . de-pnv- . '.. etl ' f ; : 11 - ALL WILL BE WELL. );V ELLA WHEELER 'WILCOX, - All will be well, I heard this blest assurance I'lung o'er the borders of the unseen spheres It gave me faith and courage and endurance To walk serenely on and meet the years. Like the sweet voice of iome consoling spirit, Down through the silence of the night it fell, Mysoul's fine ear was rightly tuned to hear iu. "All will be well," 1 - -- -' ;s : . g -- : -- ' e--f -- n' - - -- : 'MORMON" CREED. "MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS.' Yes, Mr. Hendricks 3poke as follows: T .litaw.Aaxr citizens!" ih XJUIbtl , , 'JLUJ (OiilliLOj awy out in Utah, arc fellow citizens, and claim every right thereto. Our . . have taken an interest for the people, ana wholesome laws for the estab - : g; j ! u.-- ; -- , k k ...mi, u.iw, wna o who have built up Utah, by cultivating the who S 1 - pertaining rights are assailed and we are meddled u'itVhv United Stales officials, who are sent here to mind our affairs, when we know how to govern inera ourselves much better, and have not cost Government half so much as uninterested officials, sent here to feather their own ne! a:;d deprive the people of every vestige" of to American We citizens. ''gin guaranteed the recognize right and power of the general but when it affects you and me government, and the people of Utah, then it is that Utah makes her own laws mid vote in hpp mm officers by the voice of her own subjects, born on her own soil, or are permanent: residents; 1 contro-Laiter-da- v - oou T sei-.Miin- All will be well. Let not our hearts be troubled By passing clouds or shadows lhat may fail. We must press bravely on with faith redoubled; 'I he glorious end will justify it all. I will believe that voice from heaven's portal Clear as the utterance of a silver bell' It spoke to me a truth that is immortal"Ail will be w&t" Advance.' "oil, - ; -- far-seein- ; .1. T v ( All will be weli. Why should we ever doubt it? There were no blunders iri creation's plan. When God's vast mind conceived, and went about it, He was not aided or controlled by'mari. The stars that move in such immortal beauty Through their appointed pathways seem to tell Our questioning souls, if we but do bur duty, "All will be well." iV't-- ; m pen-nam- e ( . '' . - . 