The Rights 'of the Womerof Vol. Vl : SliiKE BRIDAL TRIBUTE EE5rffCTFUI.Lt 1XSCIUBBD T" whom. MMk llu is CITY, UTAH ,' FEBRUAHY . li.- -. 1885 1, . . ; AYo wish you all the happiness That in, a wedded life can " . be: ... Obtained through constant faithfulness - IVr time and all .eternity.." . Sunnyfeide, Dec. 21, 1SS1V V Laurel B.- " J5YithIn Flijincy When knelt beside an altar , t By rito performed as God enjohiB, You two became a wedded pair. AUTOBIOGRAPHY th-re- JV11U11 ULtCUlCLIl, l(J 1113 Continued "The same ieXJ ; " - tttWB, the prisoners, Gilbert, Mor- - . for murder, said to "bave been commitieiL-b-y them in the battle the evening before. The " arms of the Saints were also demanded by Col. Pitcher. Among the committee appointed to receive the arms of the church" were'severai of the most unrelenting of the July committee, who had directed in the demolishing bf the printing office,and tbe personal iijjti'ries of that day; namely, Henry Chiles, Abner Staples and, Lewis Franklin, who have not ceased to pursue the saints from the first to the last with feelings' of the most hostile kind. "The.-- e unexptcU-requisitions of the Col. made him appear like -one standing at the head of civil and "military law, taking a stretch beyond the constitutional JmUsofQiir Itepublic. " Rather than ha ve submitted to these unrea. confer with their brethren and try they might sonable requirements the saints would hare to negotiate some measure, far now . i i t in tne .i nmlv nn it .1 iimeir roiooa M V mym ot their n'hf- ueiense f (sneu i h i. ir i a i i i rn in .iui nviu i. Ul .vciuck .AuesuaYlfttbertitrrw-r-7nTTnfi"J"" and .their-- f --4Wlfrtne-inKtOTrv v nh'.A i 1.., ,L nrmpi (I near the iail : rosistino tki nrnrUA and hailed them; they were answered hv 't m assurances of protection and honorable sheriff, who gave his name and the names of usage promised by Lieut. Gov. lioggs,in whom his prisoners, crying, "Don't fire, don't.fire; the they had reposed confidence up to this period, in are howetc. my charge," prisoners induced them to submit, believing that he did They, ever, fired one or two gun?, when Morley and not tolerate so gross ; a violation of all Ja v as : Corrill retreated, but Gilbert stood, with severhas been practiced in J a ebon Co. But the al guns presented at him, firmly held by the great change that may appear to soIneTn the sheriff. Two, more desperate than the at- views, designs and craft of this man, to rob an ret, to but one of their shoot, templed innocent people of their amis by fctrategem.and guns flashed and the other missed fire. Gilbert was then leave more than one thou.saud dcfbncailea&men, knocked down by Thomas Wilson, a grocer in women and children to be driven frorn their ' the village.. About this time a few of the inhorned among strangers in a strange land of, to habitants arrived and Gilbert entered jail, from appearances, barbarians, to seek shelter from which he, with three of his brethren, were lib-- the stormy blasts of winter's cold embrace, is erated about sunrise, without further prosecuso glaringly exposed in the sequel that all tion of the trial. earth and hell cannot deny that a baser knave, "On the morning of the 5th of Nov. the vila greater traitor, and a more wholesale butcher or murderer of mankind never went untried, lage began to be crowded with individuals ..' etc. from different parts of the county with guns,etc : ' And report said the militia had been called out "The conduct of Col. Lucas and Pitcher had under the sanction or instigationofLieut.Gov. long proven them to be open and avowed eneCol. mies. Both of these men had their names atPitcher had the comBoggs;and that one mand. Among this militia (so called) were tached to the mob circular as early as July, embodied the most conspicuous characters of the object of which was to- drfve the saints from Jackson Co. With assurances from the the mob; and it may truly be said that the of the ranks of the body was well Lieut. Gov. and others that the object was to calculated to excite suspicion of their horrible disarm the' combatants on both side, au'd that designs. Very.: early on the same morning peace would be the result, the brethren surrenseveral branches ofthe Church received intellidered their arm3 to the number of fifty or upwards, and the men present who were accused gence that a "number of their brethren were in of being in the battle the evening before gave prison and the determination of the mob Was themselves up for trial. After detaining them to kill them; and thatthe branch of the church one day and night on a pretended trial fur near the village of Independence was in iinminent danger, as the main body of the mob was murder, in which time they were threatened, brickbatted, etc. Col. Pitcher, after receiving gathered at that place. In thi3 critical situa- a watch from one of the prisoners t. satisfy ; tion about one hundred of the Saints, from different branches' volunteered for the protection costs, etc., took them into a cornfield and said to them, "clear." of their brethren near Independence and prov ..' "After the surrender of their arms, which ceeded on the road: toward Independence and were used onlyjn self defense; the neigh baring halted about a mile west of the village, where tnbes "of Indians in times ,of war, let loose they awaited further information concerning the movements of the mob. upon the women and children could not h ive H "They soon learned that the prisoners were appeared more hideous and terrific, than did the companies of ruffians who went m. various raiiot massacred, and; that the mob had not fallen directions, well armed, on foot and on horseupon the branch of the church near Indepenback, bursting into houses without fear, know dence as was expected. They were alfo informed that the militia had been called put fur ing their arms were secured, frigh'enlijg distracted women with what they would do to their protection, but in this they placed but lit-- , their husbands if they could catch them, warntie confidence, for the body congregated had. ing women and children to flee immediately or every appearance of a county mob; which subthey would tear their houses down over their sequent events fully verified in a majority of heads and massacre them before night.. At the said body. On application to Col, Pitcher it head of one of these companies appeared' the was found that there was no alternative but for lie v. Isaac McCoy, with a gun upon his shoul . the church to leave the county forthwith, and der, ordering the saints to leave the. count to deliver into his hands certain men to be - rv'i.ii a. a - AX . t 1 UriLeosiX-0f-sevea-rnen-8too- . . - To form connubial happiness, Let love commingle with respect; And undiftsembllng honesty : A mutual confidence protect. , And now bur blessing we extend In wishing you the rich behest That noble deeds and efforts bring, ...... And say, "In blessing be you blest." R. II. Sxow Smith. .. - . 188 t - New obligations wait you now. Aswedd'd6ouls two joined as one; Your separate Interests all combine, Though in two lives your duties run. 1'C. 2Utb, ni-.h- CWiliver i His special blessings you may claim. - - " ICommeneai ftrihtrTJOWtqTljyIep-T- he upward leading track pnrsue; Should obstacles arise, look np And keep tho royal end in :view. Let God be first in all your thoughts To do His will your highest aim; - Nq. 17. - tried deep grief like a shadowy cloud" Shutting away all of eart h's jweet light. V would ask no greater boon .than this the Father who pitied our ' ' anguish deep, Thin to walk in tho path His Ufa has marked, Then lie down at His tide and forget to weep. -- mm-KNOW O- 4L! ; ' 1. ; LINES ON THE DEATH OF ELDER EN03 LIONEL STOOKEY. COMPOSED OK THE EVE JUNO OF HIS UtJIUAL, AND RESPECTFULLY DEDICATED TO HIS MOTH Eli. In the spring the flowers will bloom again, The air be laden with perfnme sweet That the Eouth winds bring of the bursting buds That are springing to lifo'neath the zrpbyrs' feet; The sun will smile oa the streams And send them dancing along their way; And wonderful treasures of fragrant life Come out with thejlght of each opening day. Ice-boun- d But, alas ! my flower that I loved and watched Till it grew ta a proud, o'crshadowing tree, la dead by I ho touch of the spoiler's band 7 Spring cannot bring back Its life te me. ; I had thought to hide 'neath its branches strong When the withering heat of my daywas higa, And to rest in its beautiful shelter long, As the sun oi my life crept down the way. But It fell, tmtonched by a slow decay-- Its sweet strength crashed in a single hour, While its stately beauty was fair to see, And Its life seemed full of unmeasured power; And ire who trained It and loved ils growth Stand here in the storm our hearts mnst brave And 600 nothing above but a 6tormy 6ky, And nothing below but this precious grave. Lionel my boy the hopes are not vain The hopes that arise from thy bed Of a purer life in an endless 6pring, Bat now I only remember my boy is dead. I strive to look up' in our Father's face And read in its frownings a blessing hid. Bnt, ah! can a blessing be giver again Like that lost one under the eollia lid? tear-staine- d Q.God, make us patient, we two who walk With weary feet toward the gathering night, -- ap-poaran- - ce . . -- TT" 