w r ha to made while In il living Nauvoo a letter was, ent to the govwnor troee who had not rojaons to etop and earn means to go further Thla you;- will read, letter and all, !n Professor - If II it3- TullidgeV writings, called Brigham Young's HUtoryor the Pioneers of Utah. Also the account of liro. Jesse C. Little, who want to Washington, asking the President's 'permlaiion to settle In the far wear, or valleys of the moan- "tains; This was granted by Ustingus in tend. ' Ing five hundred volunteers to the Mexican war. The government was good In appointing Prest! to cur govern Youqg people, and many time in our officers. changing Government has no time or disposition to look after any one's bat they mast maintain morality and good order. Thla being our motto also, I expect all will be right when we are perfectly understood by the rulers of the nation. I believe they want to do right by all under their care. Is not this coun- try called the asylum for the oppressed? It has been, and always will be if they will govern by our Savior' golden rule; but the preachers of the sects see their craft Ja In d anger, a nd fear to Investigate true principle?. Did they know the result, they would fear no danger. They will eee the day when they will be willing to have a reign of peace on the earth; and all who love the truth will help to make it too. - re-Ugio- J ' March 24th, 1885. M. E. KlSIBALL. - OUR TRUE POSITION. n, OMAN'S EXPO NE NT. ft meet at the -judgment i - nf w ut. be brought to face the cord ofnutu,iiirjrt the deeds the 1 b0dy' ?h?t,nof derjf they eveL this, but Iappoae'thTjT Bre eo blinded by the evil one that they never consider the consequence of their wicked aetfj bat there. is a day of reckoning coming, as sure as there is a God in heaven, and they wfll then realize to their sorrow the terrible conEtqueDCes of fighting against God, and against a Uo fearing peo-plwho are striving to carry out thecommands cf Jehovah. For this we are persecuted;" !or this the peace and happiness of the family circle is broken up and for God fearing, this destroyed; upright, conscientious men are obliged to leave their homes and helpless families, or suffer the alternative of going behind prjeon bars.- - Wives are forced, to appear before ourti to . testify against their husbands, chil Iren against their parents, and all for exercising their constitutional rights, which guarantees protection to every person in the exercise of their religion. Bat can we afford to forsake any one principle of cur holy religion? No; God forbid. Come life, come death, let us be firm and steadfast, and cling to' every principle revealed by the God of heaven for the guidance of Hia Saints, to prepare th-.to meet the Savior. . Then let us be true to our brethrtn and slaters, true to our religion, and, above everything let us be true to our God, and then He will not forsake His Saints., The Lord has said, in one of His revelations to the Prophet Joseph, "Cursed is Joe who lifts his heal againstjmlne anointed, and-sh- all say he has ftinned,when he has not sinned, but is obeying my commandment,whIch I have cjmm anded him to perform." S. M. Pomeroy. Mesa City, March 29th, 188o. ?, . . Editor Exponent I feel to eay, - a? Paul "Oil cannot boia mv peace any longer, but must express my feelings being A PRIMARY ENTERTAINMENT. with indignation. eeems a difficult, matter to exercise the patience and forbearance that should mark the conduct of a Saintof God, when they fee fam- It ilies torn asunder, faithful, honest, God-fearin- g men driven from their homes, leaving helpless families, in a great many Instances, with no apparent means of providing for themselves, dependent npon the charity of those who are fortunate enough, thus far, to escape the shafts of ; the enemy. This spirit Is particularly polnte J at our little berg at the present tima. Marshals and their deputies are on the war path serving subpoenas for the polygamlstbMrlal, which are to come off-- at the next term of court, which convenes the 6th of April. Now, to appear before these courts is not a very desirable position to be placed In, consequently there are games of bide and seek being carried on pretty extensively, and It Is not often the seeker flnd they fail in & greet many Instances. prominent Among those who are the one Riley is and malicious of our persecutors' Morse from Filmore an apostate, who is preparing himself to be a son of perdition. fai thf ul Latter-da- y . Some of hia relatives are at Saints, who are deeply grieved and mortified the course he is pursuing. He seems well posted in the history of every family in the place; also who would be the most competent witnesses, etc. He has succeeded in breaking to up hia niece's family, causing her hnfband flee from hia home, leaving her with a family of four helpless little ones on her hand, without on any means for rapport, as he was dependent his trade (plastering) for support. And this recondition of affairs throughout Utah, if ports are true. will have to . What a record our psrsecutora , is-t- he tion of the th IfclXv&nMiMWlk: dramatic entertainment In the meeting house, the proceeJs of whichare to bs used for the benefit of the Association, In purchasing books, material for work, etc. Toe programme was quite extended, and the principal pieces were rendered by the children tbenmlvea. Selections Sol-F- a Sing-Jo- g by the Mutual Glee Cluband Ton'c class, who kindly volunteered their assistance on the occasion mde a very pleaeirg in the exerciaeaThe songs and choruses excellent time,x by the children were given in andwlih a brightness and crispnesa that was recitations by especially noticeable, while the received hearty -- the little one3 deservedly " -- r imWhen al! did so well It would seem almost ike any distinction, but possible mention ctrtainly ought to be made of the dialogue, "The Deacons," by Archie render-In- g and Roy Palmer, the spirit and of which were as near perfection as possible, of Effls Palmer, and also of thePeek-a-boo"aor- g cuteness a tiny miss of four years of age, whose encore. After the musical gained her a hearty was concluded a Fairy portion of the programme issXottiefielf-a- s Drama was presented, with 31 the Genii; Qaeen; Miss Lizzie Palmer, the tom es-pec- Bu-chana- -- Fairy Child and Misses Miss B. Ricketts, the Earth Marsden and E Miller, E. Durrans, Jones, costumes were ap. Appleby, as Fairie?. The and the dance of the Propriate and pretty, colored Ugh ta was a, fairies at the cloe with one would wish to wit- lovely a scene as any D and every The meeting hoaao was crowded, a unaniwas heartily applauded, while Mbe entertainrequest for a repetition ment showed the sincere appreciation of the au- djence. ' mous lal n ee. '" of March the entertainment was a few unimportant changes In with repeated, the programme, another large audience greetin g the second appearance of the; little ones. It 1 very pleasing to see the talents of the children utilised In this direction, and too much praise cannot be given to the officer of the Association, President E. Clark and her Counselors, to whose persevering and, nn tiring efforts the success of the entertainment is due,-"r::""T- ;"rl" e. b. f. rr ' AN OVATION. A meeting of the Young Ladles and Primary Aiaoclationa of Juab Stake convened in the NeP Rlfef Hail, March 23rd, 1885. The hll was crowded, there being representatives and ; others, present-frothe branch as lociat Ions of the stake. The gathering was in honor of Bister Hannah Grover' sixty second birthday; also to express the appreciation and gratitude for her'labor. for jowicrurover na? neen connected with the preeK dency of the Y. L. and Primaries for a period of ten years, being placed to act a3 superintendent for the Y. L. at its first organfzitlon Wy Sister Eiizi, after which she was called to act as 8take President over the Primaries, and acting at the same time as First Counselor to the Stake Pre " dent of Y. L. M. I. A. The mteting commenced by singing. Prayer was offered by Sister Grover. Singing. Prest. M. A. Carer mde the opening remarks.followed by an address from Prest. M. E. Teaadale, who, in behalf of the Y. L. and iVimaries, presented m Sister t rover .withtwbsautifal presents, a photograph aad autograph album. She expressed" the regrets felt by all in having to part with Sister Grover, for she had won thd reipect and esteem of all with whonTehehad been associated. uoU .Sister1 Gjoyer jyAS nuca uecieu remeoobrance and regard shown her. The remaining time was occupied by ehori addresses from the ladies,and eongsand recitations principally from the children. This enjoyable meeting wai cloed by singing "Love at Home.,, Benediction by M. E. Teasdale. L. A. Cazier. va-list- y ap.-plau- ' "On the 18th A HAPPY PARTY. As the Presdent of the Y. L. MT. A. is in- NTard, the officers xintending to leave the Eighth and member a gave her a pleasant surprise, Fri-- "dajevenlng, April 3rd, in the meeting house of that Ward.xIt was inthe form of a picnic and meeting. After meeting the Secretary presented her with a nice eenter table and handsome cover, in behalf of the AssocIaMon, showing how her actions have endeared her to ns. We all feel sorry to loae our President Ai it was a complete surprise t her, she could only express her thanks and good wishes, 'x. Oar Association being in a very good condition we Intend to hold our meetings regularly until we have another President jchosen. We meet very " wek. " S. H. Hawkins, Becretary. A GENTILE JOURNALIST. Mrs. H. M. Wihtney: . Yours of the 13th, the papery etc , at hand. I deemed your letter of sufficient interest to warrant publication, ami therefore Bent it to Colonol C. T. Nixon, the editor of one of our popular Journals, and it will appear this week. I trust the act will meet your approbation. : : I am now in an adjoining county, but will rt 