27 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A FF MOTION; AfrecTion is - Sweet and -f ' rx litFJll uw e r , prcci mus, its head rears Cultivated, Gay and gracious, ; - - Co Co - Uncultivated, still it thrives With modest rnicrii and wet Happy, With heaven's lain. sun-kisse- d, The showy, pampered blossom flings wide its powerr 0 Lives, in passionate delight, Its sensuous hour. r' u But pluckthd" commaojveed, Unfold its story; Inhale its perfumed breath BeHold Its glory! HOMESPUN, HOW THE GOSPEL CAME TO ME. When first the Elders to us came, But very soon I learned from them Some precious truths most dear. They left some little tracts with me, I read them with much care; They taught to me salvation free, And banished all my fear. -. - prayed continually, and there came an angel by night and delivered him out of prison as ; -- But oht I know I am too weak To give advice to you; I know I need myself to ask position of the A rn gh ty del iVer ed them. Upon reading .the biographical sketch of President Cannon, and the deikpge "of , Milton Musser, how forcibly wewere reminded of the. noble and sublime defence made by, that ancient and mighty apostle, when the governor "Paulrthau almost me to be a Christian." What was the ui nswCTr-youto. uou thou. wast, most - noble Festusrevcn suchr bonds' This great and mighty apostle, who had persecuted the Saiats, even unto death,had seen a vision, heard a voice, and testified that Jesu3 was the Christ. For this cause they were persecuted,evcn unto death, in thoseays. --The same cause produces the game effect. Now, to be a traitor to our country is considered worthy of death; how much more so to be a traitor to our God, Yho gives testimonies and .manifestations- - to make us witnesses of His power and the plan of salvation. are in Now, we say unto our brethren-whthe same spirit and prison, "Be of good power that persecuted those,ancient"wortliies,is the power that is arraigned against you, and is prot5f positive That you are engaged in the same cause. There 'are ten thousand daily prayers ascending up before the throne of God for four deliverance, and well do we know that God can deliver you, but suffers these ' persecutions to 7 fill up the cup of their ini- ' im, :was-led-t6"excla- yr1 EDMUNDS-BIL- L. Soon after this I was baptized , By Elder O. A. Bates, And ever more I hope to be A meek and humble Saint. I thank the Lord for sending men To teach the truth to me; They preach, "Repent of every sin, H And gain sweet liberty. ; r - But some one spoke, and said, "Turn thou To the writings of St. Paul." I was directed to the Hebrews, ' Epistle number two; I re.vi and trembled .like a leaf, And knew not what to do. And surety now I must obey The Gospel of the Lord; I knew that I had never been "A doer of His word." law does not signify that it is a constitutional law. He may just as well draft a bill making it a penalty of fine and imprisonment to believe in the Bible, for every sane man kqaw that the people.: of God practised polygamy, and ithejr were commanded so to do according to the history of Abraham, and Jacob, who served seven years for Rachel, the mother of Joseph, who was .sold into Egypt, which is proor positive that God sanctioned and blessed this union of polygamous marriage. Has God quity." changed? Who has the authority to say He Some of the ladies are talking of getting up has: Purely Mr. Ldmundi has never read his a to the chief executive of the nation Bible, for it says Ho changeth not;ancL J esus rto petition have thepHsons built large enough for all says, "Judge not; with that judgment you the religious world, as they all express a desire judge, you shall be judged." History repeats to gQ to Abraham's bosom. We hope our itseJt: the same cause produces the same effect. who are in prison will appeal their brethren The imprisonment of such mea as President case to the courts on high, that the recording Cannon, and other righteous men with whom angels may bear record of the proceedings and, we are well acquainted, and know them to be the highest type of morality, walking in the sentence "passed upon those innocent men that God, angels and patriots may hear and know Jear ot irod, with the greatest reverence for and take action upon their case, that the cries the institution of our once free and happy of the fatherless and -- the widow may come up country, folding it a9 a sacred instrument, into the ears of the Lord against those that given by inspiration, purchased with the noblest have caused this sorrow oiid oppression to come blood or our veteran fathers. Can those who ne reunion or . me lord upon the muuim. ri-:.- : t v- wi auueueuueuce iOOK f 1 i "Buw 1,4,0 vcuomuvu II e.5Ul.13 cis; u is no xaoie, ana Udown ami thnt. snnrpJ hnnn.Knm this Government will have , to account for the of freedom violated, trampled under foot, with Saints. persecution of the Latter-daout exertinsr all their influence, ves. all tho The President of this Church is a living energies of their soul to save it, when it was witness of the martyrdom of our Prophet purchased at such a price? No; they may tear and He can testify that on the Patriarch. it into shreds, they may burn it into ashes, but they cannot destroy it. The same power nightto of the martyrdom the Pronhet asked tnat organized and brought it forth- can restore him sing these words; .In prison I saw him next, condemned the elements, briug them together again, raise To meet a traitor's doom at morn; : up mighty men filled with the spirit of the The tide of lying tongues I stemmed, 7 patriots, whose prayers will ascend up to God him And 'mid -shame and honored, scorn. give us liberty or death. ; Has this ceased to be a Republican Govern'My friendship's utmost zeal to try, ment?" Is this a land of liberty? Look withHe asked if I for him would die; in the prison walls of Detroit, Salt Lake City The flesh war, weak, mv blood ran chill, But the free spirit cried,, "Iwill!" and Yuma, and you will find those there who have never violated one single constitutional Then in a moment to my view, law, without a shadow of evidence to convict The stranger started from disguise; them. Shall we publish it to the world that The tokens in his hands I knew; have been women, too, imprisoned for refusing The Savior stood before mine eyes. to answer illegal and insulting questions, such He spake, and my poor name he named as never were heard of before in anv resnect- "Of me thou hast not been ashamed; able court? They followed the example of our These deeds shall thy memorial be; Savior, when He was arraigned before" the Fear not thou didst them unto me.'-- ' judges, He opened not His mouth. President Tavlor offered to die for the If Mary, the mother of Christ, was here L they would , imprison, her, for 'tis nowhere re Prophet. lie stood.between him and death in corded that she told who was the father of her fulfillment of thewords he had suns but a few child, but there were many witnesses that paid hours before the massacre. W. East. ' He was the Son of God. although the anel of the Lord appeared unto Josenh. unto whom she was espoused, to justify, her, and they, iledV "It is the fashion "to name children after into the hilly country of Judea, yet we have flowers in Virginia. That is probably because no account of her imprisonment. they all start out as Virginia creepers. " -- - -- arltxcengS -- -- a dream It said to "give more earnest heed To things which we have heard; " So'now I thought I'd try to do - ' Just what the Lord had said; per-suade- -- If ever 1 on earth did pray It surely was that time, That God would lead me in the way My duty then to find; I laid myself upon the bed, Poured out my soul in prayer, And asked that God would bless me noWith understanding clear. inter- 1 ; ? X .yiljen pray iorme,. my brethren dear, 'And help me on the way; Yea, ask the Lord to strengthen mp,. And guide me day by day. . : And, sisters, I would ask of you, " R cmember And ask Lordjo'gyer lead, - And teach me how to pray. My leather who art in heaven, My every sin forgive, Oh! bid me cease to wander, And let me with Thee live. M. J. McNlF.CE. Mississippi. THE also o also read some other books They all appeared so strange I could not find in them one fault. But much instruction gained. I thought triat I would ask a place Among the Saints of God, Unworthiness would then arise ' . And say," ''You'd better not." . r- ywy-yourlwi- is; ch-eer- 1 fell asleep, and dreamed I cannot tell it all (a AndjsK: 3 All honest souL I w ould advice To obey their Lord and Kikg. ToayJ,nat theJSdraunds BilHiarbecnraer Tdid 1 z or, w he n the A j ostIo raihgdayjf on rl Hj vireadPeter wa? imprisoned, that the disciples r-". t i. jv lJ -- - y to-da- y . - - i, -- . God sent His angels to the earth With the Gospel's glorious plan, Salvation to proclaim, once more, To lost," rebellious man. The Lord has power on the earth To care for "Abra'm's seed," And every blessing give to them That in this life they need. And now, dear friends," will you reject The Gospel Jesus taught? I hope you will obey His word Tis certain that you ought. ; st 