AV Jowa the river wmeiaiUA .acJ.Ioscd xrpva"d"pie of "Jrlr: wood, where thecaglc5,' birrards,' ravt as," cro'wV sr. J wildsnirii!s ate aw. nesairom aw. noses, to, tuuiU ms..owa i.or&iUefk.'iani KA.fyi Ej&ttcehicK.vc's& a horrible looking skeleton C0im?el. . -- us. BY IIELEN MAR WHITNEY. V. The incidents copied from my husband's journal will probably call up many a reminiscence in the minds of those who took part in the scenes that were dotted down during the Saints, journey and sojourn of the Latter-dain the wilderness. The following he wrote: 2Gth. A meeting of the second "January C. Kimball, was held at under II. company, the council house at 10 p.m.. I arose and read the names of those who joined the company, also those who had given in- a list of their property. President Young then moved that Bro. Kimball nominate his own officers, which he proceeded to do. After reading the names of those who were elected unanimously, each named individual spokeeturninir-thei- r thanks to the brethren for the honor conferred to magnify upon them stating their intention e jt-woul- joined to organize their companies and appoint . , captains of tens. "Afterwards Bro. Kimball spoke at some IrvTirrfl-- Hoi n cr tkar4arn Vln fP n xmssn Koinr cracKeu and remoulded into us proper snape by the hands of the potter. "Every one has got to take an equal share of the burden of taking on the pt?or, etc. I want those who constitute the officers in my company should act as fathers in Israel, and accomodate themselves to the minds and wishes of the people. I feel, ' lit' ., burst with care and anxiety for the brethren, and would like an additional band fastened to me. ' There ha3 got to be a pioneer company to start from here, and those who can stay will stay, and this to be subject to the decision of the presidents. Those who stay will remain to It is necessary for cultivate, the ground. tini-be- r Meeting adjourned. He speaks of a party, including a part of the quoru.ni of scvcii tics, which camo olfat tho council house the same day, commencing at three o'clock p.m., and continuing till nearly morning. Another one was held Wednesday evening by others of the seventies, and on Thursday evening, the latter, Horace speaks of attending and most of my father's family.; There were many parties held there during the winter, and a dancing school was started about the tfth of February. In all these I had no participation, being prostrated by sickness from the middle of Jamiary until spring.' On the 29th Horace mentions a meeting" held at my father's house pursuant to agree' ment, at "10 a.m. "Tho first thing taken into consideration was to appoint a clerk Brother James Sloan was elected to that office. Another thing state! by Bro Kimball was, that those upon whom the duty principally devolved ; . true-hearte- d to-day- ? pending judgments that hang perpendicular over jme nations, anal' nointiUL'' out a wav orn escape; and what follows then? We find, often, . that soon there is . d a mob, to slay him; live-bloo- hound, on his track with--a' and he has to hide and run, sleeping in barns, or hay mows, or anywhere he can. What tongue can tell the condition the Elders are placed in while on their heavenly missions! AVhilc I have been meditating on these matters of late it has weighed very heavy on me; I could not feel happy when men who are as good as I, and having all tho feelings of a true phil- antrophist, who know ,w hat home, wife and children are worth, and lay all aside to obey the mandate of heaven, in the face of persecution, mobs, files, swords, bayonet-'- shot guns, cruel, inhuman butchery and death for the Gospel's sake. How with those those who are loyal to the Constitution dragged from their homes and thrust into a gloomy cell; their money taken from them without an equivalent given for the same; and what for? They don't want to worship the image Nebuchadnezzar has set up, while wives and tender children have the arm that was their protector and provider taken away from them and left to need the. comforts of life. What wrong have the wife and children done that they must suffer? Do they not suffer in the wrong, or is it justice Do-nto punish innocencetSurely-no- t. these things cry aloud for vengeance? Has not , cold-bloode- d, at-ho- d, me ot -- , their wagons, etc .inasmuch as there is no for a Jong way after we leavo here." -- -- d dis-courage- , sooner, but while reading of the persecuting of tho Saints it has oorno very neavuy upon ray mma,- - ana 1 did not feel like writing. The encroachment scheme is made a powerful engine for the destruction of happy homes. When reading of the image setup to worship by Nebuchadnezzar, and the people compelled to worship the image,I wondered if Nebuchadnezzar came from. Vermont with his encroachment law. Those who would not worship the image had to suffer. What are and lo'yal Saints placed within a felon's cell for The sequel will answer. Do not good i men, holding the Holy Priesthood, leavelheir peaceful, happy homes, their loving wives and children to 'lift their warning voice of the im- e Acr. 1- first company, where to place, his men, arid in what order. Bro. Henry Herriman was elected to the office of captain, first company. It wai concluded, through Bro. Kimball's suggestion, to entitle our body "The Second Division of ' He said,. the camp of Israel. "It makes no difference where we are placed,-whethe- r in the first, second or third company, and that when he made the nomination of his d act 3s officers, he looked for those fathers in Israel; and he- wished, them to treat this people as achild, and nurse them and be careful of their feelings." He told the breth, ren it was their duty to get all the names and just as eoon.-athe hundreds filled up, that there should be at least thirty men drawn put of each for pioneers. Bro Kimball observed that we need not depend on any regu---lorder till we get organized in fifties, because there would be ,draughts Upon them for pioneers, artillery, hunting, etc. After the officers had each chosen their captains of fifties, he says, "Bro. Kimball said, 'In traveling we should generally be governed by circumstances,' and that he intended to imitate President Young in his order of traveling, be a long time before we and that would be governed by any definite rule. He knew the people were mty-- .tired on this last journey than they ever were, before, and quoted the Carloss Granger story as illustrative ; of, the idea." Bro. Kimball observed that the reason of 's resignation was that he had a Bro. R "calf in the east, and that was hitched to $1,5.00, and he wanted to go back and get it,and take his familv.wiih him, because he is etc; and he (Bro. Kimball) wants to have the brethren hang on to him by the prayer of faith. He proposed that we all, with Father Cutler, bow down before the Lord touching the case of Bro. R. that he may be tied up in his designs to go east and take his family with him, which was accordingly done, and the meeting was dismissed. ar - I -- s " i I had intended writing they-could- y i Dear Sister: who-woul- . Pitttsrukg, Pa., March 12; 1885. ; . SCENE 3 AND INCI DEN IS AT WINTER QUARTERS. Tt, . .' Brother Harrison Burgesscame in and stated thai-h- e had line for Bro. Kimball, which" -- was the of the office resignation of Bro. R the of captain of fifty. Bro- - Kimball article of resignation- to Father Cutler for hi?" disposal. Father Cutler observed that it would beat the disposal of the captains of the saved his life onlv after floating four miles- down the strrarn, wher he lodged upon an' island, swam off naked about davlidit, bor- rowed a maatlejto bide his shame, and slipped 7 home rather shy of the vengeance of God." u e x.ion s camp; were inreaienea mat wo should not pass through fkichmond, and it was reported that an army, lay in wait to intercept -- .:"'v':' ,' ' -- con-venie- ct . -- i,a:. ... . i? vutviu iuvv lines in your iAujuiig, iuui mruuuv..l" near iroJtt some otTny"oia irienils, axr,i.inay 'that I often think havo forgot ton me, I remain, f?:f'ffar.iter in the Gospel, A(snes Crookhton, : rarcl--- - m nearly togetherjiiphle-in-Xina-iujUjiyin order that everything might be more when they were obliged to assemble for . disrover&i about (Continued.') and authority should V tinre weeks after bj one Mr, Purtle. Owens " SEX 10 N E NT. i tV thrreiilncy -- :1 DMA N; CORRESPONDENCE. I "j The condition of affairs Pima, Arizona, March 18th, 1885. -- Editor ExpoNENt:1-- : I thought that I would write a few lines to little your paper, thinking that it might be of interest to some of my old friends that I have not seen fur a Jong time. I am living on the Gila Rivei. in the far south. Thi3 is a lovely climate and the people are doing well, and tho most of them are striving to live their religion. The Relief Society, Mutual and Primary are in a flourishing condition, and we have a good Sunday and day school. There are about one hundred families in this ward, and there is room for a great many more. Of course we are persecuted by our enemies for the Gospel's sake, and some that are keeping the commandments of God have had to leave their homes and cross the linejbut we feel to, say, "God forgive them, for they know not what they do." The health of the people is .'good, and we look for a good harvest this year. The flower are in bloom and the fields look green, and .' everything i3 flourishing. . " " w now practiced on the Saints will merit the. sovereign condemna tion of every honest man. Sacrifice and obedience bring forth honor and immortality. my prayers are lor sultering .ion. 1 leeJ my happiest hours would be to visit my suffering fallr onrl Ivir fr rrmfrrt them in a felon's cell. May God bless their loyal hearts; 'tis no dis a righteous cause- ,grace to be placed there-fo- r were it not for their sorrowing families, who arc left without a protector, which will harrow their feelings more than tongue can tell. I do pray that the dark clouds may soon pas3 away, and those who have taken another lesson in the school of experience may profit by the same, and listen to those who-hol- d the Holy Priestlirpflirr-l- l am 0 hood. H. M. W. Errata. In the last number of the paper, in the Autobiography of Mrs. Emily D. P. -- of the letttr Young, in the second-paragraof W. W. Phelps,the sentence fired their guns, should have .been fixed their guns . ph . 