83 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. TO" PATRIARCH CM IOlitK LDjr 10, 100 those-dreadful- . to-leai- :i:'-Xhc- shall it be, for kindness winneth ever Such love and friendship as are felt for you; : Whether in life or death.-yoheart will never" Fail to receive its measure, full and true, ur Affectionately, LVLA. A PASTORAL. And, as I toiled beneath its rays, A shade of sadness stolejuound, And weary seemed life's busy ways; And, then, while sterner thoughts uprose' Against life burdens that we bear, A f.ir off voice the silence broke, A song came on the sultry air. Still toiling on, I listened, too, in the spell Forgetting sorrow The singer wrought, for health and joy Its every cadence seemed to tell; Listened, while down the hidden road, The unknown singer nearer drew, And raised my eyes anon to see, When he, jat ksVshaukLcame 4o4riewv ' ' ' 'i . ' A 7 wood-ofHa- Around the turn of road he came, And in full sight across the way, With broad brimmed hat and blue checked sleeves, He sang upon his load of hay; Something about his heart and her, Were all the words that I could-hear- , But 'twas enough, his voice revealed, : Unconsciously, a joy sincere. ' .. load, My spirit, missed And I was wond'ring to myself ' 'hat was the secret in his heart-- So full, so sweet, so plentiful, That even others shared apart..- - - fun-lovin- g j. k-lica- . - its-wea- - . His heart and her! had he just won To his true heart the sweetest, best? Or was it that within their home Had come a wee dear little guest? wondered this and fancied that, . Yet never could I truly say What made me blest through joy of his, Who sang upon his load of hay. 1 ll 1 As cheerfully and leisurely His willing span went down the road, As though they, too, enjoyed the song, . . . Augusta Joyce Crocherox. South Bountiful, Oct. 2nd, 1885. CHESTNUT TIME. The frosty October, and early November days remind me of the nutting season in dear old New England. Oh, the fun and jrolic of rambling off into the woods, away through the hilly pastures, with a jolly crowd of boys and girls, baskets in hand, and supplied with a lunch for' the day, all bent on having a. gay time and coming home well laden with nuts, to help while away theT winter evenings. Can I ever forget the merry peals of joyous laughter Tmich echoed and among the hills,or re-echo- ed A life-tim- The summer surTbeat fiercely down, - V ir s ""So I n.T? n .. ; , . - ' 4 " t :7Z How many faithful ones on earth will mourn you, When thro the small, dark vale that lies between, Kind angel messengers have softly borne you, Into the purer. life, the fairer scene. s . nlr-nnri- How many cherished ones are fondly waiting, To welcome you with; joyous, rapturous bliss, I n that dear home which you, anticipating, Arc almost wedded to e'en more than this. " , , Aged and young and infants pass before you, Into the beautiful, the blest abode-Wh- ile your dear angels lovingly watch o'er you, And gently lead yorruii in life's rough road. -; -- ". -- 5 Another year h"as passed! again wc find you, . Still patiently.content to watch and wait, And relatives and friends come to remind you The day returns, and you are seventy-eight- ;. . - the sighing and moauing of the tall pines that careless - dbandoivjot their ollettes after 'their seemed to rebuke our merriment and temper it day's sport in the woods, and variethcjueer ' wun sentimental thoughts, isut the boys, ties of baskets, loaded down with the bnywn mischievous, rollicking boys, nuts, .covered artistically with gay colored ' " never seemed to listen, or heed the voices in the .autumn leaves. , f TinunrTif q in i m Imnvl a Them wprn I trees, but teased the girls unmercifully, and u iiV to shake the trees for nuts, unless. they of these boys and girl?, that had' come with, refusing would censent to being kissed, which; ofcourse, the day and t he pasti ihc, a nd th ev had begun the girls wo jldn t do lor anything, and so they the firtt lessons of love, and winch of would chase them here and there until they us wouh say it is not passing sveet? could corner them, when submitting gracefullovc4fi early infancy began.- ly war the wisestcourse to pursue;au(f hiesides,' And rose as childhood ripen'd into man," how could we .go home with empty baskets? : Aunt Em. and the boys were obstinate. ' And even when the boys would climb the great1 handsome trees and shake down the'1 heavv.' sharo. 'nrieklv MISCELLANEOUS. j burrs, we were even more frightened at them than before, for if you ran under the trees to He is never without dignity who avoids pick them upthey would shake away with all wounding the ' dignity of others. their might, and the great chestnut burrs would fall on you until, you would feel as if "Considering one's own weakness is a great were w'ith covered you just sharp prickles. help to gentleness in dealing with others." ManyTnnocent little flirtations have been There is speaking well, speaking easily, carried on under the chestnut boughsjthat speaking justly and speaking seasonaj)lyIL served fur. pastime then but left an aching r void inlhe impressionabTehaTtf onepartici- Ile who can change his religion has none to which the other concerned perhaps pant, party Those who prefer philosophy to change. in the affair never even dreamed of Christ never knew II im. Spurgeoa, Sometimes, however, it has happened that A good deed is never lost; he who, ow3 e the attachment of a has begun in the woods, when the children were out nutting. courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants Komantic little incidents of this kind in Jthe kindness gathers love. youthful experience of boys and girls often Pleasure is a shadow, wealth is vanity, and glow Tvith tender passages, that are forever power is. a pageant; but knowledge is ecstatic in on the human when and one heart, stamped enjoyment, perennial in form,, unlimited in sits musing on an autumn day, and hears the space, and infinite in duration. wind whistling and the dry leaves flying hither "Character h a mosaiajwhich takes a life- and thither, and circling into great round pile's, 1 .1 time l'.'l for tt.i ..n.,1n:here and there, and making a perfect carpet of malting under one's feet, it is sure to briDg things of life, are the instrumentf'lnosr-use- d back some of the little episodes in "one's past in preparing each precious stone for its ce." life that have left their impression upon the ... tablets of memory, forming a perfect picture. There is nothing more wretched, mournful Imagine a cold, crisp November day, and and; damnable in the eyes of God than the" -- a thickly-clustere- d chestnut trees the branches loaded with great rough burrs, ; ministry, tf h be sought from impure motive?, and a merry grouppf boys and girls, with and administered in an impure spirit: hue more- blessed in the eyes of God, if bright sparkling eyes, and rosy cheeks" and nothing the battle be fought in the manner enjoined lips; chatting and laughing a3 they toss and turn the fallen leaves hunting for chestnuts, by our Captain. Aug inline. while the brave-hearte- d and "Love must have expression, or it will die. 'boys climbed the trees and sent down showers It can be forever beautiful and blessed as kept of great rough burrs all --over and around the at by- giving it constant utterance in first, . . "girls below. All in good humor, and radiant woiu uiiu.1 act. rri more n is to now ino allowed with delight, they are filling their basketswith out in and attentions. noble service, the nuts, and casting sly glances and carrying the and -- more satisfying and more stronger on little flirtations meanwhile. blessed it will be. The house, becomes home As the day advances, almostunwittingly.tke only when love drops its heavenly manna in it boys and girls divide up into groups of two or .fresh, everyday; and the true marriage vow is :th ree, and the loud talking and general connot made once for all at the altar, but by loving versation gradually softening into lower tones, words, helpful services, and delicate attentions until the falling of a chestnut burr, now and to the end." then, as the branches sway hither and yon in the autumn "To be able to look cheerfully and hopefully wind, makes, one start and turn, because of the quiet that has "settled through clouds of poverty and distress is an down upon the happy, childish party. accomplishment bestowed by nature upon, a voice calls out that every true and brave woman; and, no matter Finally clear, cheery the sun is near setting and it is time to go,and, how poor or humble her home may be, the reluctantly ,the little cro wd gather up their well magic power of smiles can brighten its shadows -filled baskets and turn' their faces homeward. and lighten its cares. Upon the troubled mind The boys, edging up towards the girls, take of a feeling husbandjiwife's smile falls like a their baskets and . help them, so kindly, over sunbeam on a flower. And how much more the rough places, and lift them down from the beautiful it makes "the face that wears it than a rail fences they have to climb, that divide'the frown! When a wife and mother, forgetting pastures on their way. At length, tired, and sorrows and hardships, smiles away her tears, their fingers smarting with pain from the burrs, .there i3.a loveliness in the act that speaks to a' they have handled, they reach the lane that man's heart more eloquently than words." leads to the village: and now they begin to think of separating, and the good nights are "Mrs. Lide Meriwether,the Southern poetess, being said a3 the sun in resplendent magnificence casts a halo of light over the carelessly says, in the Woman's Magazine, that the por-tra- it arranged group, as they standjvith faces Vest-warof J ohn Stuart-Mi- ll at the-- Watts gallery a into gazing-the distance, instead in New lork 'looks like nothing under the way of into each other's eyes. What a pretty sun but a nice old lady, who has her tableaux they make in the light of the setting knitting and come over to spend thebrought afternoon sun, their faces radiant with hope and joy, the with the folks" . d, 