SUGCFJiTKr ON' VJSITiNO fy Uaf should wait for a little season. for the redem- IMPROMPTU LINE3. THR.PENITEHTIAR y, perfectly, and have more experience and know mqr.fi; perfectly concerning their du ty, and the things which I reauire at their hand.-- and this cannot be brought to pass until mine Elders are endowed with, power irom 011 high: lqr behold, I have prepared a great, eudowment and blessing to be inured out Upon them, inasmuch faithful, and -- continue in humility before me; therefore, it is expedient in mo that mine Elders should wait for a little season for the redemption of ;Zion7for behold, I do not require at their hands to fight the battles of Zion; for, as I said in a former commandment, even so I will fulfill, I will fiht your battles. Behold, tho destroyer I have sent forth to destroy end lay waste mine enemies; and not many years hence they shall not be left to pollute mine heritage, and to blaspheme mv name upon the Janus which i have consecrated tor. the gathering together of my Saints. Behold, I have commanded my servant; Baurak.he to say unto the strength of . my house, even my warriors, my young men and middle aged", to gather together for the redemption of my people, and throw down the towers of mine enemies, and scatter their watchmen but the strength of mine house hath not hearkened unto my words; but inasmuch ai there are those who haveJiejrriedjiJntajny-wTords- , I have prepared a blessing and an endowment for them, if they'continue faithful; I have heard their prayers, and will accept their that they ofTeringand "it is; expedient1 ifi-should be brought thus far for a trial of their L faith... And now, verily I say unto you, that as many as have come up hither, that can stay in the region round about.f le them stav: and tho3eJ,hat cannot stay, who have 'families in the east, let them tarry for a little season, inasmuch as my servant Joseph shall appoint unto them, for I will counsel him concerning this matter, and all things whatsoever he shall appoint unto them shall be fulfilled. ' And let all inv neonle who dwrdl in t?m regions round about be verv faithful and humble before me, and reveal not the thintrs- . Q , . l T which 1 nave revealed unto them, until it is wisdom in me that the)' should"" be" revealed. Talk not of judgment, neither boast of faith, nor of many works, but carefully gather as much in one region as can be consistently with the feelings of the people, and behold, I will give unto you favor and grace in their eyes,, that you may rest in peace and safety while you are saying unto the people, execute judgment and justice for us according to law, and redress .us of our wrongs. Now, behold, I say unto you, my friends, in this way. you may find favcr in the eyes of the people, until the. army of Israel becomes very great; and I will soften the hearts of the people, as Id id the heart of Pharaoh, from time to time, until my servant Baurak Ale and Baneemy, whom I have appoin ted, shall have time to gather up the strength of my house, and to have sent wise men to fulfill that which I have commanded concerning the purchasing of the lands, in .Jackson. County, that can be purchased, and in the adjoining 'counties round about, for it is my will thaUjieseJaiids should be pu rchased, and after they are purchased that my Saints should possess them according to the law3 of consecration which I have given; and after these lands are purchased I will hold the armies of Israel guiltless in taking possession .of their own lands, which they have previously purchased with their moneys, and of throwing down the towers of mine enemies that may be upon them, and scattering their watchmen, and avenging me of mine enemies, unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me. But firstly let my army become very great, and let it be Sancti -- ' prison yes witliin the prison have seen those noble men ! 1 Home and freedom taken from them 'Mured within theliateful "pen )'' TVie : ; 1 Wives and children severed from them, Notlecause theyjwere untrue Not because they failed t o render To each one their portion due; Not because their lore had wandered Into bad, forbidden ways, - ' Not because their wealth they squandered In licentious night? and days. Such a course would be applauded Such a mode is fashion's law "Be like us, arid we'll reward, you," Tho' with cart ropes sinyou'draw v -- . ' ! Tears rose up, and well nigh chok'd me, But I forced them to their cell; Glad I am I shut the flood gates Down upon my heart's deep well. Not in robes of regal splendor Could I view you, as I do; Homage of my soul I render Without effort unto you. . Men and brethren, howl love you! With a love the angels'" feel, Such a love as God inspires, Love that lives thro woe or weal ! ..;'' Tho' my heart and brain sustain yqu1 "St3l ms with grief; my pride Silent joy, and silent sorrow, Only bring my soul relief. is mixed, . Glad I am that Lhave seen you, Glad am I you all feel well; Prayers forvvo will be ascending While in.durance you must dwell. J " . i In the arms of God I leave you, will He hold vou Knowing up; While for righteous laws you suffer, , , While you drink the bitter cup. ; 7 Hannah T. Kino. Lake Salt . City, May 25, 1885. 1 ' - 1 AUTOBIOGRAPHY 1 1 . to-'geth- OF EillLY D. P. YOUJfG. Continued. s I say unto you, who have assembled yourselves together, that you may learn my will concerning the redemption of mine afflict" "Verily ed people: Behold,J gay unto you, were it not for the transgressions of my people, speaking concerning the Church, and not as individuals, they might have been redeemed even now: but behold, they have not learned to be obedient to the things that I require at their hands, but are full of all manner of evil, and do not impart of their substance, as becometh Saints, to the poor , arid afflicted among them, and are not united according to the union required bv the law of tho celestial kingdom, nt.hpnrl T yauuui, ictavc uer uulo mysen; ana my people must be chastened until they learn obedience,' if it must needs be bvthm rMn J1UiVU tmt, IUCY J :v :. sutler. I speak not concerning those who are appointed to lead my people, who arc the first Elders of my Church, for they are not all under this condemnation; but I speak concerning my Churches abroad: there are many who will say I Where is their God? Behold, He will deliver in time of trouble; otherwise we will not go up unUrZiou, and will keep our moneys.' Therefore, in consequence Tf:the transgression of my people, it .expedient in me that mine Elders - -- - "o -- . ' suu, and clear di the moon, and that her ban ners may be terrible unto all nations,' that the kingdoms of this world may be constrained t j acknowledge that the kingdom of Zion is in very deed the kingdom of our God and, His Christ: therefore let us be subject unto her ptions pared,' and that my people m ay be caugh t more . laws. '.';-.-in 'me . Verily I say un to you, it is expedient that the first Elder3 of my Church should-re-ceivtheir endowments from on high; jn built e house, which I have commanded n-.- y to-b- let those commandments which I have given concerning Ziorl and her laws be executed and - ' fulfilled alter her redemption. There has been a day of calling,-bu- t the time ha3 come for a day of choosing, and let those be chosen that are worthy ,and it shall be manifested unto my servant,by the voice of my Spirit, those that are chosen, and they shall be sanctified; and inasmuch as they follow the counsel which they receive thev shall have all power, after, many days, Zion. to ;.; things pertaining And again Fsav unto you, sue for peace; not omy int? peopit; uini nave auuiLteu you, uuu uisu to all people; and lift up an ensign of peace, and make a proclamation for peace unto the ends of the earth; and make proposals for linfn thnsA whn liftvft smitt.pn vnn. ruiflPA no- - "coTdingto'the voice of the spirit wThich i3 in you, and all things shall work together for your good:- therefore, be faithful, and behohl, and lo! I am with you even, unto the end; even so. - Amen." I did not intend to insert the whole of the foregoing, revelation, but I found nothing to leave out; and perhaps it may be better understood to read it in connection with the circum- stances that called it forth. "About thi3 time," the Prophet says, "Bro's Thayre and Hayes (in Zion's camp) were at- tacked with the cholera, and Brother Hancock .was taken during the storm. I called the camp together and told them that in consequence of the disobedienoe of somo who had been unwilling to listen to my words" but- had rebelled, God had decreed that sickness should come upon them, and that they should die like sheep with the rot; that I was sorry, but could not help it. Previous to this, while on our journey, I had predicted and warned . them of the danger of such' chastisement, but there is some who would not give heed to my words. '0n the 23rd resumed our match for Liberty, Clay County, taking a circuitous course round the head of Fishing River to avoid the deen water. When within five or six miles of ' Libertv we were met bv Gen. Atehison and "other gentlemen, who desired us not to go to Liberty, as the feelings of the people were so enraged against us. At their communication we wheeled to the left, and crossing the prairie and woodland came to Sidney Gilbert's residence, and encamped on the bank of Kush Creek, in Brother Burghart's field. 'During this a council of High Priests as- se m b led i n fu Ifilmen t of tho revelation given the day previous, and the following individuals were called and chosen as they were made manifest unto me by the voice of the Spirit and revelation to receive their endowment: Edward Partridge was called and chosen to go to Kirtland and receive his endowment with power from on high, and also to stand in his office as Bishop, to purchase lands in the State .1 t ,7 : t ii cj. uuu1 were cuueu 01 iuisauuri. ouvurai viucia chosen at this time to go to Kirtland and receive their endowments. follow, "The same day the Elders made the. ing reply, as before referred to, to S. E. Owens and others, committee of the Jackson County mob." - - 1 - - 