OMAN'S EX P O NF-- W near unto Him, IIo will aid and assist us" There is a great responsibility resting upon u$ a ' -v- , wvws a v . inesu associations - M. E. Snow read the condensed rejort of the Stake. Coun. Mary Stark,Prest 3rd Ward.Brigham - City: "it is a uifficult position to rise before the elderly sister of much experience Spoke of the trials of those who strive to serve the' Lard. Repeated- the words oFBr'rchaiSYou n?r : . ' - ' rfest Hemrkr made' opening remarks; said, 1 We do not know what position we may be called upon to fill; then let m try to ourselves with useful knowledge. We prepare should ba charitable one ,. with another, and try to do good while we dwell on the earth. Was pleased to have Sisters Snow, Taylor and Tingey present, etc., ttc.x , Sister E. R. Snow Smith was always pleased to meet with the daughter's of Zion. When the organization of these associations was given it:..-wbythff spirit of prophecy, and waV testified to by those in authority. Had watched their growth and advancement ever since. Wished" the young ladies could understand the position that they would prepare for they hold the positions of the future. You stand at the head, of all the young ladies of the world, placed there by God, and have been reserved by Him , to assist in the greatest Work ever given.to mankind. Improvement is our motto, perfection our aim, and what course must we take to gain perfection? That which leads downward? No; but each one must form a well balanced character, cultivate yourselves mentally and physically to have a strong spirit and a strong mind, fjr they cannot work in a weak and sickly tabernacle. The Lord savs go to bed early and rise early, that thy bodies may oe strengthened and invigorated, and what God gives us we should regard. Next mental, moral and physical culture will consti. tute us as near perfection as can be reached on earth. The spiritual should be above all, that tniiiu uouiiuuiiicuuea wiiujrou,auu mese constitute a Latter-daSaint, etc. Coun. Tingey desired the Spirit of God, that she might speak so that we would be mutually to-da- y, . , " . . " . "Sister Harriet Hunsaker,Prest.at Honey ville: Wo live in a very important day; the Lord wants a tried people. In Honey ville we are but few in number, but generally a good feeling prevails; it requires an effort on our part to serve the Lord and carry on this kingdom." Sister Keller, Prest. at Mantua: "I feel will-- j ing to dowhat .I can ; feel to be united with those placed over me; consider it a duty to encourage and help each other." Emilia D.Madsen felt the great necessity of y beneji ted.Gave manyxcellen t an d ben eficial instructions to the associations, exhorting the young ladies to seek the ways or tho Liord and prepare themselves by study And thoucrht that -- they might understand the principles of the Gospel, for it embraces all good. Closed her iULcicsiiug icuiaihs, astwiug vjruu iu uujp us to grow up a united lold in His kingdom. Prest. Taylor could see improvement Vy the reports. The organization of these associa-- . .1 many to study tne princitions ,inave prompted ples of the Gospel. This is a time when the discinle3 of Christ are nersecuted as thev were is a strong testimony of the of old, which - .1 .1 11tor uoa11has saia, ttY t ye are truth ot the worK, of the world, the world will love you;" bj this know the end draweth nish. She av thft we eniov. and said thev nf - nrivileres snnlfp. : 4 I j should be used with wisdom. The paths of God are paths of pleasnJnessj thenjeMs things of God that Satan may not train rower over us. ,1 o .m. i: ir Ax!.. iugtug, iUteilDg aujourueu uuiu "How will the Saints rejoice," etc. Benedic tion by Bro. Middieton. After noon session: Opened by singing, i3 "Sweet Thy work." Prayer by Bro. J. Stanford. Singing, "The great and glorious Gospel light." Prpst V. S. Tavlor irave instructions to the heir-duties, the way presidents concerning conduct their exercises, and what they should . i r trusting in the Lord, and praying for, the spirit of discernmept, that we might comprehend the influences surrounding us. Spoke of : the great responsibilities of mothers who are raising a family in these latter days. Sister Watkins, Prest. of the 4th Ward, Brigham City: "I have been among the sick a great deal lately; I feel that we should seek to live near to the Lord daily. We have good ' sisters in our ward." Sec. Mary E Snow, Prest. of the 2nd Ward, Brigham City, wished all the sisters to study the circular, that the reports might be made properly; believed it, much easier for some to speak than others. PatriahJBox;I-liave-listenel-wit- h great"" felt the and good spirit. Spoke of "atfention, the good results of these organizations; had been acquainted with them from the beginning. .Those who have young boys should teach them to honor the Priesthood; those who have a right to teach. Spoke of the hard times in Nauvoo. x Prest. Harriet Snow felt happy to see the interest manifested jn the sisters everywhere, to live their religion. May the Lord bless all the sisters, be faithful and prayerful; never let fear enter into our hearts; God is mightier than any nation on earth. --Singing, "Lord, when iniquities abound." Benediction by Father Box.- - Conference ad- journed for three months. Emilia D. Madsen, Cor. Secretary. . . .1.1 1 1 .- . t "1 n we-m- per--fdrni"th- ; - ; d . to-4Ir- - - . -t- ,i ii iney snouiu cousist oi. exhorted the Coun. M. H. Tingey youn -- foi-- a lll kj sis- - to be frt anstQin nrpsident8: 7 f " 1 diligent LU U O liJ . ..thpir 1 11' " . " in nprfnrmmtr their exercises ana m Dunainer of God. up the kingdom tVio. were verballvJ re- Trtr " X VTu W . tuu nqeniflfinns . . v mi oa hmnffin a nrnsnerous conaiiion. j.ne presidents maae some excellent remarks, and desired to do all they could to build up the kingdom of T?God. c:,a J Stiaw.. fimith ofrave some brief in-- , KJlZlix structions to...the secretaries, followed by some . , - A WEBER COUNTY. TT" . jt-y. excellent instructions concerning me writing of essays, articles, etc., and closed her remark s. Richards West: Whereas, Our beloved sister, Josephine R. West.has been called to preside over the Primary Associations of Weber Stake, which neces sarily demands her undivided attention andtime, and desiring, as she does, to adapt herself more fully to the capacity of the little ones, thus making their meetings more interesting and attractive, she has tendered her resignation as Coun". to the Central Board of the Y. L. M. I. A., and, . Whereas, We feel to regret the loss of her agreeable company and excellent counsel, which ever tended to elevate the mind to noble aims and laudable ambitions in life, still, we feel .to acknowledge the Divine wisdom in selecting one so worthy, whose uubhmished character is well known throughout the county, to preside over the Primary Associations,feeling that the loss of the present young ladies will be the gain of the future men and women; therefore, be it Resolved, That we tender unto our esteemed -sister our - heart-felthanks for the excellent method she everexhlbited in leading the mind-.oand on in the paths of purity and honor, assuring her that this is buta faint echo oi the sentiments of the higlTregard in which shft is held.not only by the Board,butby they,ouhg ladies of the associations. ..' Resolved,That she has inspiredndoler views of life, and won the confidence and love of the young ladies, who will follow her not onlv to her home, but to her labors in the Primary As- st sociation, with prayers that God will bestow H3 blessings still more abundantly upon her, that she may be better able to direct the little ones to Him, that they may grow, up bright and shining lights in Zion, and bo a people that He will delight to own and bless. ResolvedThat the above resolutions be nub- lished in the Ogden Herald and the Woman's Exponent, and that a cony- - be presented to Mrs. West. nt t n their-earne- Sarah A. Herrick, RUTHINDA E. MONCII, ELIZABETirfrSfANFOBD. e c:: M-mfa- The Y. L. M. I. A. of Weber County was in the Ogden Tabernacle, March 13th, 1885, Prest. Sarah AT Herrick presiding. ing, "Lord, we come before the now." Prayer V Bishop McQuarrie. Singing, "Once more by exhorting all to diligence in the perform ance oi their duties. Sister Taylor presented, the names of Sister M. K. Burton to fill the vacancy of secretary, and Sister E. M. Stanford a3 assistant. These sisters were unanimously sustained." Prest. Herrick referred to the resignations of Coun. Josephine West and Secretary Rosalthe Canfield, and in consequence of the faithful resolved to predischargeoftheir- - duties,-hasent them with a token, of respect. Resolutions of Respect, Josephine -- ' Held .. . ar ''Never teach your daughters against the principle of celestial marriage, better you had never been born." I think it the grandest principle r nniMr, rnr f Mir rp'iormn i f thought the reports from the different associations were wonderful, and a testimony of God's favor and blessing upon this people." "Sister White, from - Three Mile ' Creek: I never felt better in' my life; never felt more anxious to live my religion that at present. I cannot say I have no trials, I have a few, not so many as some, but I sometimes think that trials are good for us. Sister Dewey, Prest. of Relief Society,.. Leweyviue, ieit thaniaul that she, was living in this day and age, arid for the knowledge that the Lord' will sustain us if Ave are true and faithful, true to each other and to ourselves. Minutes of the last conference were read and approved. r - - . 175 - y we come: before Thee." Praised the, Society of the 1 at Ward, .hoped wo might be able to set a good example before each other and the world; never felt a stronger ':&( 'Secretary T. N THE LITTLE ONES. DEDICATED - nr TO MKS. JOSEPniNE B I! L'TIIINDA E. MONCII. O, feed my lam bs, tlio Sa vlor In ngea psst and gone, said, To I'cter, whom Ho dearly loved And placed this trust upon; Take care of them, the little oneP And feed them day by day On prcclona truths, etera&I truths, That none may go astray. Yes, give them tips, refreshing sips, From, to u n tain s from a bore; 4 bind them to the laws of God r By silken cords of love; Of such as thesr, the "little ones," Tho kingdom yet will be, Around the throne of God they dwell In peace and harmony; The children then in robes so fair, Or in their tattered gown . Were taken in llis arms and blessed ' On none did Jesns frown. His heart was filled with lore for them And were they rich or poor, - ; : ; The charge to Peter was tho same To feed them eTer more. r WEST, 