W ON! AN 5 ht- - ' (Vui.n Jam-itf-Y- . h.i;n pn-id- Mtiging mg. MIlHttfrl of A "7' IrtstinunWrwtintiijVt 7 thirty rqwrt "- 1J! .1 - 4 4?rM"Ti:-- ti tui n nuio it did no lod' swimmers, so Ther were -- eetcd by a shout of laugh-- their f:iends 0:1 the shore. They treated' much so as y, and .1 himaq :ern;, their sins,. fh :t?ve:e. 1 tht h;v?v woutdJ. thev cc :ld be under the circumstances;- ;;Tlie3fttl ,tx,;, I remembered they understood readily,- -' ri?c after sors? vear.?,- t h:le the 'sou:,' trufV' ahd'some ot them sp : boud jo It, was at i:rc.r:.lo "leave trie grave and 1 like this very much for part' of the . country rutura to- it duri.i:g the day ii.r.e, In any form it , e I. .1 i! - ne veri:eliireU-- ot summer. waiMBgr inrougu .' ..' t corresponds "TlTe'woods;' where"" so .many ' pretty wild flowers, The belief of SoatSTxr ihds -nd m 0 s ses xan. -- bfefoiandrffd'th e! grandest:. . .very nearlywith : cur own, and wean ayith: lexniarocks and waterfalls. The rivers and lakes trees, are a paradise for fishermen, and the trout caught whilst I hazard vry little, and if false, I lose as one nothing; .on the contrary, I am still a" great here makes as dainty a breakfast dish could ask for. gainer. Maine is noted for her strict prohibition laws, iK.Mt-tl.W?. and although the law is sometimes evaded, still drunkenness is not so prevalent here as in many CORRESPO N D E N CE ; other places ; but the profanity is something dreadful. The most shockingly profane language is 22nd. N. 10S5, June Hr, Corham, used in common "conversation, and even by little children. The people, as a rule, are thfiftvyin-dustriou- s Dear Mrs. ...Wells: and intelligent. I have hearda great We had a pleasant trip from Salt deal said about the Women of Utah having to per Lake to New York stopped at various points of form manual labor, but never in my life' have I interest aiong tne .way, not iorgeung one iuvcjy seen women do so much out door work as here. day at Niagara Falls. From New York we took It is a common sight to see them driving a horse a coast steamer to Portland, stopping over one in the field, planting corn, etc., and 1 was told day in Boston. that one young lady managed a mowing machine, Since our arrival we have been visiting most of and cut all the hay on a farm, last year. I don't the time in the vicinity of. Bethel, and other small think there is anything wrong about this, if they villages, situated on' the Androscoggin, Sunday choose to do it, and I do not consider that it deand Bear Rivers in Maine. The principal occutracts anything from their natural refinement, pation of the people in that vicinity is farming in but it does indicate - that they possess a stronger the summer and lumbering in the winter; but the seasons are so short and the soil so unproductive,-tha- t degree of muscular power than most young ladies can;boast of. I read a letter, Written by the same they have to'go west" for bread. They exyoung lady I have mentioned; the penmanship port lumber and import wheat, corn, etc. was very nice, and, so far as I was able to judge, Maine is noted for her pine forests, and they there were no mistakes in spelling, punctuation, or are. lovely. The sugar maple,from which the best grammar. maplejsugar ahdjhoney are made,grows abundantThough my letter is written in New Hamshire,-i-t ly. Spruce trees grow here in great numbers, and is principally descriptive of Maine, but there is some people make a business of collecting the not so yey much difference, as Gorham is just gum from these trees and sending it all over the over the border. It is a charming place though, country. Poplar trees are ground into pulp, and at the foot of the White Mountainsand I like It from this some of the finest paper is made. The as well as any place I have seen. poplar is also used largely To make the spools up.We are enjoying our visit very much; both on which our cotton thread is wound, and large mother's h ealth and m ine is very good, and we quantities of the ' spool sticks," as they are called, have found many kind friends here. Writk kind are sent to Europe. A large per cent of the ; wishes, Yours, woodmen are C anadian French, that come across the border, great numbers from Prince Edward's Augusta Winters. and Nova Scotia. Island, down the trees' in the winter,and then cut II S, Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. They during the high water in spring and early summer, SOUTH COTTONWOOD I'KIMAHY. they tloatthem down the river to the mills and the sea coast. It is" quite a picturesque sight to see The Annual meeting of the these "river drivers," as they are called, especialPrimary Association oi South Cottonwood 'was' held May ly at night when they have' their bright camp fires l23rd, in the ward meeting housePresident burning, and their white tents pitched' by. the iMizauetn Uavid presiding. ' : ". liver. A lull attendance .of .children with many of their also Sister E. G. Clawson from parents, one of the French camps in the woods," where ftalt Lake City, were nrespnf. rn tl.a they had been choping. It was Sunday, so they Alter singing prayer was offered by Brother were not at,work, and the swarthy, lounging men, AV heeler, followed by singing "In our lovely the blackeyed,. Vivacious women, and the bare- Ucseret. Minutes and report of last annual lootea cnuaren reminded me of a gypsy camp. meeting read and approved,- which gave credit Their houses were made in the most economical to the association. The programme was manner, of a few boards and limbs, covered with promptly respooded to, and encouraging and birch bark. They say that in the winter the heat, interesting remarks were made. by Sister E C. from the inside, melts the snow on the outside, Uawson M. Rawlins, Brother Wheeler, a forming coatingof ice, something after the manBrother jHter and President Elizabeth Davis. ner of Esquimaux houses, and making them All seemed to enjoy the very The meeting. ' closing .' comfortable. . prayer was offered by Bro. R. Howe To get to the camp we had to cross the ri ver on logs floating in the water. They assured us there SOUTH COTTONWOOD. "was no danger in crossing, but the Iofs "danrS nn - The eighteenth 'annual and down in a delightfully promiscuous meeting held at manner; bouth Cottonwood, t. and thev weie ,.'-.,-- wtCMb!e,'.ras " ;. - - -- r- . 1- I . . -- ""'-'"".' . , ; " . . -- May 18tn, 1885, President re.uP 'on 'ju .'otuit of having inovtd abh ln nt tend hcrtncetiHgv:wifp,J 10 rt'sign her oflice.. Sisters M. I. llpnu'i E, S. Taylor nnd jhe Ki'wlijrt-IM"nresent. it was inutioned ami uiuuiim-ni-dMislained, that we accpt lier ri..rjatio:i." A vote of tlianks was rendered lor fit r long service and fatthiulms in the of her duties, and Jicr vinany good exfollow amples set forth for us to appreciate and ocietywas necessarily-- " jjLikJXV10-111- 0 Counseldr Mary Rawlins was reorganized. Jnomiimted PresientrAij Boyce, Counselors; Harriet A. Walker, Secretary; Ann Boyce, Assistant Secretary Eljen Wheeler, Treasurer, in the place of Francis Litson, deceased, who faithfully performed th.it olHce from 1871', until hert. demise, Feb. 17th, , I880. All the officers were unanimously sustained bv the assembly. Our meeting was .well attended, and we received excellent instructions from those "who addressed us, the principal speakers being Sisters Home and Taylor. Our meeting waa Dis'ailjo'urne(ruTrtiTnie. 17th of nest-May- . missed with singing and prayer. HAitiitET A. Walkkk, Secretary. away from the ward and' nut into the ViuUi XT rboTreiTTi-nt- , aiiv-- i Vrav- - In uig ! vv ' (Its-char- I f ge -'- -- . i' ; JUAIi STAKH. The Relief Society held its quarterly confer-ence at Levan. in the new R. S. Hall, on the 13th inst. The reports, both written and verbal, were very encouragiug,and spoke, in high praise of the, vast amount of labor that had been accomplished during the past quarter. The sisters seem fo.be awake-t-o the sense of their duty, and feel a deep interest in the welfare of each other, and desire to obey the principles of their holy religion7"and serve their God with one accord. AVords of instruction end counsel were given by the brethren and sisters who presided.which was listened to with marked attention, and I trust we will long remember the timely e ' and counsel given. The sisters of Levan, with the; help of the" brethren, have recently completed a very comfortable hall, which will be used for a meeting chouse, for the present, as well as for the Relief Society of that branch. of tlrericieTyTliroug Stake havje. been. active, both in donating and administering to the wants of the needy, and comforting the sick. Their efforts to do good to their fellow creatures haver been crowned with success, and the blessiDg of the Lord has attended their labor of love. : . The Relief Society of Nephi celebrated the anniversary of its organization on Tuesday, the 23rd inst., and had a Tery enjoyable time, listening to addresses, songs and recitations, given by the brethren and sisters. M. Hayte, Stake Secretary. 1 ad-yic- The-branch- es ST. GEORGE STAKE.. The Relief Society and Y. L. M. L A. of SL Creorge Stake held their quarterly conference ' in the Lyceum, St. George, on Friday, the 12th of June. ult. There was a good attend ance, ihe renorts from v " - t Hp.w OVIVIC l meuts were very encouraging. There is evidently a great awakening among the Saints, a closer union, and firmer faith in God our Father. The sisters" ATAv nn' har.A Heavenly n lor the fulfillment of any duty, and desire to promote and uphold the interests of t.h THnrr. dom of God; they have no fears as to the final outcome ot the persecutions by which the faithful are at present being tried, nor do they feel in the least disD03ed to rfirput 'in thai . '"VJi k dience to any of the principles which have been rcveaieu irom neaven. ' -- w V , s7 ' ' 