I. .. .... ITS ..IT. t "too Hero ritiure shi hir itheivA-prOu- r cu$idratioh Ifwe- TlagfrT would be artists let us start aright. Jrin'd out the sFht. Tills is a start, some raav sst. Yes, what you love to paint, and make a special bet I hare seen rscre thma orse stjca family in study "of that jartjcular branch of art study life that are true every day you "adopt. Copy, nothing, when icnce you example.?, practical of her .picture. Who .would forego the Lave mastered the rules,but nature, whether in .'calm, street heavenly joy3 and peace of that landscape or figure paintingr Copies of any for tha fare krt, cotherl person's work have very t little valuje. young wife, Mzrj iSrsptn Th strr, .Wix:' 'Vbeaatifol Sru v Moth and - " 2 ieilsh bciu xh " sure work for girls as domestic helps, and when welt treatedri liavo no objection to this kind of occupation, although some think it menial. The result is the same,whether ymj teach a scholar or make a pie it is so much Idleness .brings no . labor for so much money. t return," but labor a sure reward. To wnrV literally thrown away.. ( . . ; -- " the pomp poor mistaken EuUlieLKo wimy heart ached bled afresh" over, her silent sorrows, that none but God knew, ani those who have trod the aaiL-miser-tiadlfiiiti- V : iame-thornypath- r- )cguld rehearse to .you M such utter ale woe, misery, heart ache ana deception, that would chill your warm yourig blood and make such an impression as would not be forgotten. If It is the Lord's will I will write this tale; it shows up another phase or experience of marrying a Gentile, of which the writer of this was the sufferer; an experience which should the most liberal that the daughters of Zion should not marry with the unbeliever. I would exhort the young to study the principles of the Gqspel; seek a testimony thereof, and neverraise yaur voice against God's anointed, or any principle 01 the Uospel. ' ' Lizzie B. a-t- -- - con-"yin- ce WHAT CAN A WOMAN DO? ' No doubt, many .members of the Institute have wondered what vocation in life they should adopt by means of which they could ' earn their own livelihood, thus promoting and the ability to do something suffi- -' to enable them to fight the remunerative ciently : battle of life,' single handed, if necessity re- quired it, or circumstances compelled them to do so. As there is always a possibility that reverses: ma y come to all of us is it not wisdom to give some consideration to this subject? It would be impossible to define juofc wLt course any member should follow to become entirely successful; in this matter, as in many others, we must beourown judges. One thing I can say with certainty, and that is this: In mating up our minds we should not adopt any kind of labor in the slightest degree de; grading. Whatever we try to do, let it be the labor we love; something we can do ehthusiati-cally- . People' are rarely successful who work . mechanically. . Some persons have thought, and do so now, that the only labors a woman should perform must be of a domestic character; that to be a household drudge is all she is capable of be- Jng; but such persona mutt be told that at the present time there are hundreds of ladies in th civilized world making themselves famous as authors, physicians, surgeons, public speakers, painters, sculptors and lawyers. The advanced situation of the women of grants to her all the. pri vileges she may geek to enjoy; and if. for any reason she does not choose to marry, there is no law to compel her to do so. This being the case she should know how to take care of herself, and earn her own living. No successful result in any branch of study or labor can be gained without commencing with the menial duties connected with a workshop or the office. The great fault of learners generally is that they want to reach the top of the ladder without first coramenciner at the self-relian- . to-da- ce attain eminence as a lawyer without first starting as errand boy, and sweeping out " , the office as his first lessons. In this city to--; day there are scores of ladies trying to paint pictures without having first learned to draw. The result is that they can never show marked superiority; their productions will never be first class, and what u more, cannot have a commercial value, their time, paint and other ma- - vering and ambitious, what 'should hinder her from making a financial success of this very ;' 22. .2.1 - ,. ; important employment. Every woman should know how to make a dress for herself, and why should she not be able to make them for others? As a matter of course to be successful she must have a good eye to make them fit like a glove, must be with the rules of cutting out and fitting other than well formed persons, all of which requires close study. Good dressmakers are rarely in want of a job. Some of the gentler sex like to "work in and factories; some do well as hu udreds find employ men t in ..stores.- -. None other than ladies can be expert milliners. The making of artificial flowers is an undeveloped industry in Utah. Years ago our pioneer women used to weave and spin. There were very many good tailoresses then; why are there so few at present? Type setting employs a goodly number of girls. Then again who can cook better than our mother's sex? . Far better to have cooking classes in our wards than waste time op useless amusements.. There U always -- . fa-mili- " book-binder- s, ar t book-keeper- s, -- determined to be first class in everything. No business can prove a paying success without being understood theoreically and practically. we determine to know those details of social life that always make a woman attractive namely, how to manage a home; general knowledge always comes into play. No position that a woman can fill is more ennobling than to know how to preside over a - home. A man may be attracted by a woman when well dressed and on parade, bjit he is won by her; e domestic accomplishments. will make her an agreeable companion, and acknowledge of domestic duties: a helpmate withodt which home has no charm, and married life no fascination. To my mind any vocation that leads a young woman to be fully prepared for the duties of wifehood is always safe to follow.. Should any of my young lady friends not succeed in any of the lines of labor before named, hut prove a success as a wife, she will have accomplished one of the principal aims of a woman's life. Some one else will be the happier for knowing her, and this is sucaess C. R. S. enough. to-da- - !fca a knowledge of music very advantageous.- Very many large establishments and there is no employ ladies as reason why; any women, who will study well the art, should Jack employment as such. I might go on and. enumerate many otjier sources looking to the dependence of women, but space will not permit. Whatever vocation we may decide upon as the one best suited to our tastes, we must do with our whole heart, , ... ; : ,; There is a wide open field for school teachers, and if a lady is strong phyficallyand endowed with patience and a lover of children, is perse? S with" reverses, find7 Jf ad-va- .more. J.. --. s. -- . V- Many-high-Jborilad- ies, ' - nmlJiAi Should any of my lady friends be so fortun- -' ate as to leara to play" the piano or ofganTand to perform the task well, they will find music 2 teaching Jrenumerative In civilized communi-ytie- Self-cultur- . to-da- y b6ttamAgreaima could Original efforts are the only paying ones. ; Prang of Boston, Goodall of London and many others pay immense sums to ladies for original designs in flowers and '.landscaped . studies that are used in the production of birthday, Christmas, Eastcrrand New YearV cards:" They never ask the question as to where a lady lives whose productions are acceptable. Coloring photographs in the styles now in vogue brings good remuneratives to all who are capable of doing good work, and who are deter rained to succeed. Retouching photograph negatives employs thousands of ladies in the United States and Europe. Wages are gener, ; ally good. who ladies We have in Utah y many are making a good record as physicians, and although this is a very arduous and difficult vecation they are equal to the task.; There is n room for many .others to obtain the same tages.Each town and village can employ a lady physician, and if they are not fully occupied a3such why should they not learn dentistry? As we are fast becoming a toothless generation the opportunities ?eem very flattering to all that will study the art. Notably among the Catholics many of the female portion deny themselves earthly pleas- ures and devote their lives to doing good, ever ready to meet death and to face human misery in every form, whether in homes or hospitals, or in the midst of the terrors of the yellow fever, 'cholera and other contagious diseases. Cannot my sisters, without becoming nuns, learn to be good nurses, if they cannot become physicians? There are very lew good nurses to be found. Photography is practised by many ladies. y There is one in Utah that is doing real well. It is easy to learn in some branches, and generally pays industrious devotees well. I would hardly recommend barbering to ladies, but there are plenty of the fair sex that make their living by practising the tonsotial art As Telegraphers women have proven very successful. Thousands are now employed in the different branches of labor developed by the uses of electricity, and there is still room for I A PLEASANT PARTY. Editor Exponent: . " One of the most enjoyable affairs that ever happened in Deseret came off on the 2d of April in the form of a surprise party in honor of the Prest. of our Society at the Relief Hall. Sister Eliza Whicker has been president of this society for seven years, and is a noble and well ; . respected sisten The tables were spread with a sumptuous repast and the company seated when our be- loved President arrived. After dinner the ceremonies were ' continued by presenting Sister Whicker with a neatly gotten up and appropriate address in a suitable frame, and several other presenti hj the sisters, followed by a programme, consisting of speechesj sengs and recitations. .', .. Sister Whicker addressed those present for a short time, thanking the sisters for their kindness; said she prized the address more than gold or silver. A vote of thanks was then returned to the committeeor their exertions,and -the entertainment closed-w- ith singing and prayer. Respectfully; . , , - ..- - Mart A. Bishop, Secretary. Deseret, MMard Co., April 8th, 1S85.: ; "Mrs. Elizabeth L. Saxon, of Louisiana, has been engaged in the W. TV;tJ. work in Tennessee during the past There were but a year. four unions a year ago; since then Mrs. Saxon has organic fort with 1,500 unioni x.-j-eig- membersfl, ' -- i ht - f - a i 