WM A N J. 5) Uiit wlUbsafSi iu imImi K reduced tevcik . Tj th&e pities edified and are public t were perfectly, ihttitbj msj be as who read rrfct-ThJflt- of all reider?. j -: vividly per tray the tflect of Im'isloatba with regard to ail m en ta and disease upon an and excitable rature, fear producing the dkee so much drea Jed; as prophecy ,so called, has often been known.!t ne ciuse of its own fulfillment. The author evidently one of the greatest gifts of God, v!z. corn- -- mem. sense! and hii book should He on "the writ leg table of all,' that it may be taken up in epare moments, and iU ideas will be found to all have a fructify ing influence, mare or lessy-owho study its content- to ba instructed, it is decidedly a book of reference, wise monitor whom the wise will app eaaie. Even the strong and well balanced mind has clouda flitting over it at times. The sun itself iiaa its epot,and the brightest"""" day itsjittle floaty ' i i r via raugiuK over us glorious u icuivr, ueuce a friend aa "Mini in Med'clne" is a friend in need. . ; I will give, a brief extract or two from his un!que Ideas: "Js sickness a s!n? Yes, often through some of our antecedents 'some one has blundered,' that. line of Tennyson' Is true of all ache "and paloi! Every, saint by his or her caDCtity cleanses themselves and their elf. spring." "A healthy b;dy is a sign of a holy . -- " -- bfr." v;v . , "i' . " News: .1 went to see Patience last evening, and was -amply repaid, as was everybody else, I am sure, who saw it. One feature of: the performance was very noticeable, and indeed, very enjoyabla to me, as it muit have bten to every person of age and experience; who had the pleasure of ItnslfJjCniamtlyThal e weet, that Innocant, refined look of purity that filled the stage from the beautiful MrsLLeviberg to the charming little Mies ThaTcher a feature, I am sorry to eay, feldom adorns the stae of This, Mr. Elltor, to such aa I who have traveled and known the world for many years now, proved a trett never to ba forgotten, and on this&cjount (aside from its really artistic excellence), I am free to pronounce it the most enjoy abl a entertainment I ever beheld. O blessed innocence I O immaculate virice ! to gaz9 upon thy fair form rea pendenS with beauty and intelligence ip, Indeed, a sight never, never to be forgotten. Editot Djeseret . .Mental medicine Is not only sure, but often wonderfully swift; a ray of light from a kind are dear to countenance, a conviction that-yoeo me body, gives an impul-- e of c mirage from a Christ-likword may be a reaeturrlng will medicine, . a letter, a piece of. paper thrown into r i J t i it a wuiie-wiugii uib man, uie&Heugr,Luur0 ue&u-t'fthan do vea, flying thousands of miles on its errand of Ijve, across the continent, on the mighty ocean; bat it reaches me, I touch it, and I feel the warm current of life ruehiDg through my heart and veins it Is a cardial, bat from no bin or flask it is a comforter, but not of silk or .. a e eu . , . . s d al re-mai- On the 20th she or wool. "Heelers by profession, prova your title,not by your diploma, but by the power you poetess to Guard your interior for God and exorcise. Christ, and, dear friend, let us be afraid it nothing but fear ! Let there be a garden within you fresh and quiet, wherein "the Lord walks In the cool of as with Adam, and whose delightful Bolitude none have the power to turn into desolation. A wise and loving 'aiih is the grand specific for mind and body. Death is nothing life Is all." eider-dow- n tbe-day- ," Salt Lake City, Fib. choke-cherrie- Sister-Sessio- ns almost alone, only three tents,Holman's, Ever- ett's and ours; and she adds, "I want to see the rest of the company so much that I am quite discontented." Sister Sessions and family returned toxthe camp at Winter Quarters in September,he had been and was still very ill, the doctor had told her it would be a miracle if she lived, and accordingly she gave such advice and made -such suggestions about her burial, etc., as she thought proper, in the mean time feeling perfectly calm and collected. Afterwards many, of those around thought her dying and the word was circulated about that she was dead. But through the prayers of the saints and the power of the Priesthood she was at length restored to health and has lived to a good old age. She says at one time she was so low that she could only take a spoonful of rice water at a time, and that was all she took for three or -- . . Lad y Traveler. Ex. Co&tinued.' -- 'ATfENCJ The Amateur company made quits a tenea-tlo- n In their brilliant performance of "Patience'' in this city on the 23rd and 24th of February. The arranging of the cesttetic young JadieeJa posing attitudes in their Greek costumes was in itself a beautiful picture. The girls were all pretty, and the scene created a burst of applause and was one to be renumbered always. The dragoons were very showy, their suits were elegant and In good taste. The singing was pleasing and In scms parts exquisite. Mr. Pyper's tenor was charming, and so were his manners. Mies Nettie Thatcher as Patience, innocent and artless, carried the part perfectly and with the utmost ease. Her voice is good, a perfect so prano, and her rendering of the music was ad- TQrdDry exfcutea. It seems almo3t incredible, that one so young could have sustained the lead-lepartas successfully as she did. Messrs. 8pencer and White, Banthorne and Grovesnory g . er, depending upon the protection and guidance of the A Imightyyet willingly and cheerfully sparing the ablest and strongest of their numbers to do battle for their country, because they honored the old flag and the Constitution, though they had been driven from their s. quantities of wild: grape3with.which: made wine. On the 31st she speaks of being very lonely, she says, "We are here 25, 18S5. '"To show youliow uncertain, or how subject to change the movements of the people were in the exodus from Nauvoo,184G, we have only need to quote from Sister Session's journal: "July 2,' the word is for us to be ready to go to the river at 10 o'clockjwhen 10 o'clock came the word was given to ua to put the teams to the wagons ready to start, and in less than ten minutes' time a grand council was called, for some U. S. troops had come to enlist men to go for one year to the Mexican war." During the few days following this five hundred of the ablest ..men in our camp were enrolled and started for Mexico, leaving their - families very dependent and almost helpless. No pen can picture the scene of those houseless exiles, wandering, as it were, none knew whith- some - PATTT SESSIONS. Hannah. T. Kim. vritefPeregrineput projection boards on to our new wagon." This "may not seem much of an item to the readers, but if they had traveled as the saints at that time did, and felt the inconvenience of narrow, close wagons where one scarcely seemed to have air enough to breathe, they would realize what a luxury six or eight inches more in width would be for the inmates. "Thursday, 23, Orson Pratt, his wife' Land children came over the river and took dinner with us. Friday; 24, I start for Grand Island, go nearly all the way on foot, found gooseberries and 27, the men have gone to work on the bridge," and so they continued until it was I completed. On Thursday she say3 the girls gathered to-da- y. -- -- -- - ' - : PLEASED WITH PATIENCE AND PERFORMERS. - home and that Fame country which &liould have protected them. Sessions continues: "ord Bro. Brig-hatook dinner with us. Kext day went : back th ree miles to where Parley V, Pratt was We. had a daughter born. On trnped,--bithe 4th, Independence Day, the' Indians rode out in style, came to the camp and danced fur us. It was a war dance, and they were paiut-eafter their fashions Cth. Crossed the Missouri Riven we are here situated between the jnountains, in the valley, no road cut yet, hut the men are at work making one as . fast as they can. Wednesday, 8, the team ha3 "gone back to fetch up Bro. Call. Tuesday, 14. Eliza Lyman was taken-sic-kI" Was ent for; " she has a son; also .on the tame day Sophia Dame with a daughter." "Thursday, 1G. A meeting in the moraine and counsel given to all who are ready, to go on to Grand Island. for the winder, others to " . fnj :. " v d fflcult " - w a their very iex-tett- e, ei n .. Iu K JS T . J.-n-e over-initI- ve pes-ecss- at ease P0K i raoUre-p-jwe- r -.-'He KX witticism all merited the enthusiastic applaud tMej received from the audience. Mrs. Ltvilnrg as Lady Jane iuaU!ned the partUbjaJ thuti&t Kf of k v pTw.- - wusuf. and tbo oughly cultivated. Bjth Patlerce and received quite a" tiumbsr of floral ofLady ferings. Angela, Birdie Cummlcgi, and Ssphir, Ix)uite Well', both looked and actedjhelr pfrrti with becoming grace - and dignity. The in which Edna Rusen, LojaeVVeIIs and Licy Ytung, and Meesrs. Py per, Crawf rd "and Barnes fanf, ,wa one of the gems of the evening Pied Cawfon created cotiide: able enthusiasm whenever he appeared, and add d to the humorous character of the pay. The orchestra played exquisitely and was warmly 'ap--- -'r ZZ. plauded. Prof. K rouse b as libored aasIJuDusIy whil3 training the young people for Pallet. ce, and deserves great credit for the ucce8 of the per formance. Altogether it was quite a .notable event, quite as much so, if not more than Pinafore. The whole cflVir was very well arranged and admirably managed. the anther and eucn thou I J be the mtrct?d,scc writers bsmfctcr, S four'daysrAtollOimThTr breathing had t ceased, altogether. Saturday, 7th, she says Sarah Lawrence and Emily Harris came to visit her. Friday, 13 November, Sister Sessions writes, "We moved into our own house, and the next day put down a carpet." Jan. 1st, Sister Sessions speaks of having a New Year's party, and tells us. that Sister Eliza R. Snow. Louisa Beamen, Zina Young and other ladies were there and they enjoyed themselves very much. On the "4th of January she attended Erastus Snow's wife in her confinement. Xv During this time she" makes notes in her diary of the sick she visits and "the children born and the labor she performs; and in reading it over one cannot help Exclaiming, won- derful, wonderful indeed. JlOth she records Bro. Brigham and Sister Mary Ann YouDg, Bro. Heber and Sister Vilate Kimball were at her house on a visit. On the 20th- she says, "Eliza Snow was here and made me a cap, speaks of it as if. it was a very pleasant affair,which no doubt it was. On the 4th of Febru- j - j j f 