WOM AN!8 Mr. - ball,' Mrsr Ph e b W. WoodronyMrf. B.W. gmttb.'Mrr. E.B, Wells, Mrs. Wilcox, MrvR M. Csrrlogtoo, Mr?. H. T. Ktagllif. Grant and Mrs. Home each spoke upon lutjecta calculated to impress the - xainda of the slaters wita a dae sense of the ob. Saints ligations restingupon them as Latter-da- y " the momentous erenti now transpiring with thf jcple, the need of becoming more SanOi-M.-Ki- . from those who were seeking to deprive as of right? and privilege?, and ' to brlDg upon ns 1 desolation and misery, because of our religious belief and practice, the, training of the children of Zion "and" the education- - of the. mind and -heart In the principle j of the Gospel and In everything pertaining to' bur life and well being here upon the earth, and our exaltation In a fu- - - our L : ' Home. ''' The Primary Qiarterly Conference of this Stake of Z!on wai held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Itroms, Saturday, March 21st, at 10 a,m.,Mrs. Ellen C. Clawson " ' presiding. Singing, "Come, children come," etc. Prayer by Sister R. M. Carrlngton. Singing "Joseph Smith's first prayer." A little girl from the Third Ward saug.a song. Minutes ' of previous Conference, and reports from the several Associations, were read by the Secretary, Miss Bessie Deahe. Several little, girls from the Thirteenth Ward sang "Oar Fattier in heaven,", eto ; a little girl from the Fourth Ward read a manuscript pper entltIedTheChUdren,4 Helper;" Recitation, by little Minnie James of theBeventh Ward; Diabgue, "The bacons," by two boys from the Fifth Ward; a flute solo, by a little boy, seven years old, from the Twelfth Ward, Preat. Clawson expressed her . pleasure at the number of reports received, and : also that the exercises had been so well rendered, to and spoke of her intention have a Fair for this Stake the coming summer. A little girl recited a piece, entitled "False Alarm." Sister M. L Home addressed the children on keeping the Sabbath day holy, speaking the truth and other important matters. A little girl from the Seventeenth Ward sing a song, entitled "Caarlty." Sister Carrlngton spoke upon prayer had great faith In the prayers of the chil ireD; urged them to pray for the authorities of theChmca and those in trouble at the present time, and made other remarks. An organ solo w&s then given by a littla g'rl from the Twentieth Ward. " 1835,-commencin- a which male a very ratlafactory showing. M. Y. Dougfcll, Elmlna 8. Taylor, M. I. Home, Minnie H. James, and Elders George 11. Taylor and 8.' Hill addressed the conference; their remarks were Instructive and encouraging, and general good feeling prevailed. Sister E. 8. Taylor in her remarks referred to the reading of the Christmas Idyl in the Logan Conference of Y. L. M. I. A ; and said It was bear a young lady read so grand a plaasura-tQ poem with "each V true idea of its merits and 8H-jer- laratafSQd of withdrawing oar patronage : ...whether they: live or die, if they are faithful. And I see no promise to any people inheriting that holy land and building up the Zion of our uou, who. have not suflered persecution. ' (J understand the Josephites are tratherinn- tr In.' Cm-fernian- eelf-su- s. ';; ifri open log exercise, BUks Secretary, Augusta J. d Crocheron, read the mloutes of previous AsfiisUnt Secretary, Mrs. Minnie H, James, real ft porta from twenty associations, m ture state. " At the close of the meeting Conference ad. JourneJ for three nnnth?. Blngine, ' Haste, glorious day" etc. Bsnedlction by President EXTOKE ; -- force, - The following resolutions were presented and unanimously adopted: "Whereas, There is being carried on In this Territory, by aicliqae of. despicable echemers,an Inhuman warfare against the peace and liberties of the Latter-daSaints, In conducting which of its victims and common decency the rights are trampled. under foot; and, Whereas, We view the course Of these conspirators against the rights and privileges of our relatives and friends with abhorence; there- ; Be lreaolved, that from this time forward, we will abstain from giving. any business patronage to the promoters of, and active participants in, the cruside against the Latter day Saint?, and all those who assist It or give it their ' sympathy; also, Be it further resolved, That we will In future make our purchases from our friends only, and so far a lies in our power, give home manufacture! goods the preference over those imported, and use our best endeavors to sustain, such - -- , X)omiJydlAAnh-WllsitJoicedTit'tfreiarg- e"" -- attendance, and the Improvement manifested in the children; told them to try aad learn something every day; exhibited some very Interest ing charts; thought every Association should have them, as they would ba very Instructive. Gave notice that the officers meeting would be held the last Thursday in every month, at the residence of Prest. Clawson, and exhorted the officers to attend. Rscltatlon, by Eva Barfoot, and song by three girls of the Twenty-fir- st Ward; a little girl from the sixteenth Ward gave a recitation, after which Conference adjourned 'for three months. Singing, "Lord, (Msai'as ns' etc. Benediction by Sister E. B. ' Wella, ,; r Y. L. M.T. A. i . . Ff OF EMILY D. P. YOUNG. Conference.--O- n 2 p.m. the Quarterly Conference of i ap- pointed than that which I have appointed, neither shall there be any other place appointed than that which I have appointed for, the work of the gathering of my saints until the day 1 : cometh when there is found no more room for them; and then I have other places which I will appoint unto them and they shall be called stakes, for the curtains or the strength of Zion. t - "Behold, it is my will that all they who call on my name and worship ie according, to my naverlasting Gospel, should gather together and stand in holy places, and prepare for the revelation that is to come when the veil of the covering of 'my temple in my tabernacle which hideth the earth shall be taken off, and all flesh shall see me together. And every cor ruptible thing, both of man or of beast of the field, or of the fowls of heaven, or of the sea, etc. Behold, here is wisdom concerning the -children of Zion, even many, but not all, they were found transgressors, therefore, they needs be chastened, etc." Now, in the. revelation are some very great promises to that little handful of exiled Saints, i and to their children, who had been driven from their homes and scattered hither and thither, wandering among strangers, without shelter, and destitute of food and comfortable clothing, threatened, at every turn, with death, and suffering many afflictions because of their religion.. This lis the kind of a. people the1 Lord is going to restore to their inheritances in the land of Zion, including all the faithful,and no other people need jhink to . intercept them,; for the promise is to them and their children, -- .' Saturday, at the Yoang Ladles' Mutual Improvement Associations of Salt Lake Stae convened iu the Fourteenth .. Ward Assembly Rooms. There was a large attendance, the hall being crowded.- - Counselor Mrs. ria Y. Dougall presided; After the usual AUTOBIOGRAPHY Continued. behold, there is none other place r and the angels rejoice over them, etc. You will also see an exception at the top of the second column of thii revelation; therefore this - affliction came upon : the Church to chasten those in transgression, and prepare the hearts of those who had repented for an endowment v from the Lord. J We shall not be able to send you any more money at present, unless the Lord puts it into " our hands unexpectedly. There is not quite so much danger of n mob as there has been The hand of uponjs has been stretched out to "protect us." 7 "You purchased your inheritances with money, therefore, behold you are blessed; you have not purchased your lands by the shedding of blood, consequently you do not come under the. censure of this commandment, which says, 'If by blood lo your enemies are upon yon, and y shall be driven from city to city, give yourselves no uneasiness on this account." The following revelation was given Feb. 29, 1839, concerning the redemption of Zion, which can be read in the Doctrine and Covenants, but is too good to be entirely left out here: "Verily I say unto you, my friends, behold I . will give unto you a revelation and commandment, that you may know how to act in the discharge of your, duties concerning the salva-- ; the-Lor- then adjourned for three . -- "And, i a , The Conference ..: ' " manufacture." months. dependencer Jackson .CottOtyi-tfeintention of building up. Zion.) . "The scattered Saints in Missouri commenced - the year of 1834 with a conference, which they held in Clay County, on the first day of Jan., at which Bishop -- Partridge presided. After . transacting much business, relative to comforting and strengthening the scattered members of the Church, it was resolved - that Lyman: J Wight and Parley P.Pratt be sent as special messengers to represent the condition of the scattered brethren in Missouri, to 'the presiding Church in Kirtand, and ask their advice. The following are extracts of letters written by the Presidency in Kirtland, on the 22nd of: 7: - Jan:, 1834: r There is a prospect of the eastern churches doing something pretty handsome towards the deliverance of Zion, in the, course of .a year,if Zion is not delivered otherwise. 'Though the Lord said, this affliction. came upon you because of your sins, polluting your inheritances, etp., yet there is an exception of 1 some, namely, the heads of Zion, for the Lord said, your brethren in Zion begin to repent, . y fore - d JionB.dedempUori -- have been scattered from the land of Zion, being driven and smitten by the hands of mine enemies, on whom I will pour out mine wrath without measure, in mine own due time, for I have suffered them thus far, that they, might fill up the measure of their iniquities, that their cup might be full; and that those that call themselves after my name might be chastened for a little season with a sore and grievous chastisement, because they did not hearken altogether unto the precepts and commandments which I gave unto them. But verily I say unto you, that I have decreed a decree, which my people shall realize inasmuch as they hearken from this ihour unto the counsel, which: I, the Lord their God, give unto t them. ,;.T;7.:",:v; Behold they shall, for have decreed it, be; gin to prevail against my enemies from this very hour; and by hearkening to observe all the words which I, the Lord their God, shall il speak unto them, they shall never cease to pre-vauntil the kingdoms of the world are subdued under my feet, and; the4 earth is given unto the Saints to possess itfor ever and ever. t : I I V ( A & Hi .86 fr 