a J-- A . r jm -- 187- IN MKMORIAM. Kcllla Johnson, daughter of Heber F. and Lizzie born May liltb, died March 17th, Jabnsou, w liny HtUe lingers, but oh! so strong their bold, Little waxen fingers now bo etlll and cold; . yold them very gently, for their work Is done. ; &a; When they gan thee, Jegne dle1 for us upon that tree M. O. Keltiso. AUTOBIOGRAPHY irarann ra OF EMILY D. eartbIyoJournWndcdx hrJeavoaly homefs "Wonr"4 Just for one little moment sent from God above, JJgGQcIj-wnWl,4lighttngheTJOrlthTI ' : : love; - P.Y0U2OJ. Her - rZ".rr' ' . Pure as any Bnowdrop, and as UeeUng was her stay, to life's weary Bather coming brought sweet: flowers -- v .'. : a7 . .To be remembered, ' r; " . orten, for their fragrance ne'er will ' die, And she's waiting for herIoved onts in that blessed ; home on high, dark 'Beyond the grave's portal, where all parting will be o'er, Waiting in joy to greet them on the bright golden shore. :So lay it very gently, her littio form to rest, The germ of life immortal is now wi th heaven's blest. "Suffer" the little' children," said Christ, "to come to me. , And we, too, must ba like Him if Ilis king40ia we . - would tee. 4 Lay away the little tokens of her short life on the earth, Think and speak about her often, as ye gather round the hearth, For 'twill bring pure thoughts and feelings, turning :'. , them to God, And Ilis Spirit's power will help you to bow beneath the rod. there are many households who have lost4.hcir treasures thus 7 But no, not lost! In heaven there's neither moth nor Ah! rust. dry the scalding teardrops, repress the weary slgb. And prepare to meet the loved ones In the ."sweet bye and bye." ..3, E. I. So LINES TO THE :-- CRUCIFIXION VINE, Oil FLOWKll. of sacred love, one a of above; . Giving history Curious flower-vin- e PASSION-- - , Teaching a lesson of wondrous truth To the aged, as well as the youth You teach that nature is truly kind, . mankind. are wicked and false Though She gave a witness, who saw Ilim slain, She sympathized with our Savior's pain. Yes, little flower, you are living proof, . A silent witness of eternal truth; You show the nails that held Ills hands arid feet, And the hammers that drove them complete; Also, the blood veins so gory rod, With the thorny crown that bound His head; And the long sharp spear beside, Which pierced so deep Ilis bleeding side. The three days that lie laid in the tomb, 3efore lie went to Ills heavenly home,- Are also numbered quite true by thee, 8 weet Floria's history of that tree. And the twelve apostles we count in thy leaves, That form the crown for which nature grieves; .And the grave we can find, also, Among the leaves that round the cross do grow. Sorrowfully up that cross you did climb,. . v To witness that awful deed of crime; And though they killed the body dear You ever live trusting souls to cheer; Full of life, thou eternal evergreen, Ake HIi Spirityou so surely seem; Ever with your green hand pointing abova, "Where everjives One who died for love. "Passion-flower- " is thy beauteous name, Great and wortBy isj.by sweet, fair fame; Z Among all the children . of all men You are the Great Authors pen. ;" Ah ! how simple, how easy, how plain r To read Thy words of suffering pails, llow great thy mission, little vine " , ' . . ' -- leu on tnem ana not on us, and we suffered no harm except the blowing down of some of our. tents and getting gome wet, while our enemies had holes made ia their hats, and otherwise received damage, even the breaking of their rifle stocks, and the fleeing of their horses through. Continued. Thursdayrihe 19 th.- We passed through the town jis soon as it was - light, and before the in- habitants were risen from their slubbers, meeting with no opposition, but we had not proceed- ed many miles before one wagon Jbroke down, and by the time that was repaired wheels ran off . from others, and . such like incidents continued through the day to impede our progress. When we started in the morning we intended to arrive in Clay County that day, but in vain. At a seasonable hour 'we encamped on an elevated piece of ground between two branches of Fishing River, having traveled about fifteen miles. Fishing River, at this point, was composed of seven small streams,aiid those between which we encamped were two of them. As we halted and were making" preparations for the night, five men, armed with guns, rode into our camp, and told us we should' see hell before morning,and their accompanying oaths partook of all the malice of demons. They told us that sixty men were coming from Richmondr Ray County, and seventy more from Clay Co.. sworn to our utter destruction, ine weatne was pleasant at this time. "During this day the Jackson County mob, to the number of about two hundred, made arrangements to cross the Missouri River, about the. mouth of Fishing River, atWiHiam3 Ferry, into ClayCounty, and be ready to meet the Richmond mob near Fishing River Ford, for our utter destruction; but after the first scow load of about forty had been set over the river, the scow, in returning, wa3 met by a squall and had great difficulty in reaching the Jackson side by dark. "Soon after the five men left the camp,swear-in- g vengeance, we discovered a small black cloud rising in the west, and in twenty minutes, or there abouts, it began to rain and hail, and this was the squall that troubled the Jackson boat. The. storm was tremendous; wind and rain, hail and thunder met them in great wrath, and soon softened their direful courage, anoV - frustrated all their designs tcrkill J oe Smith and his army." Instead of continuing a cannonading, which they commenced the sun . about one hour high they crawled under old shanty, wagons, into hollow trees, filled one etc., till the storm wa3 over, when their ammunition was soaked,and the forty in Clay County were extremely anxious, in the morning, to return to Jackson,having experienced the pitiless and as soon as peltings of the storm all night; be made this "forlorn arrangements-coul- d hope"took the "back track' for Independence, to join the main body of the mob, fully satisfied, who as were those survivors of the company thev .were drowned, that when Jehovah- fights would rather be absent. The gratification is ' ' too terrible, from but our fell hail camp, in Very little of half to a mil around the stones, or lump3 and vegetation ice, cut down the crops of corn cutting limbs from trees; themgenerally,-eves by the winds. The selves twisted which caused it lightning flashed incessantly, toVsa light in our camp, through the night, object; that we could discern the mostwasminute tremendous. and the roaring of the thunder fell the The earth trembled and quaked, as rain seemed ough in torrents, and, united, Jt the mandate of vengeance anfrom His the God of battles to protect the hail for ' the destruction of their enemies, - into-withe- n y 'Ianytjf-m- 'IKUCEand sheltered in an old" meeting house, through this night, and in the uiuiuiii tuev 4 lcziu xig-- r lsiiiiig xvi Ytc: w ua : about forty feet deejp; the previous evening it was no more than to our ankles, and our enemies swore that the water rose thirty Ukt in thirty minutes in the little Fishing River. "Friday, the 20th. We went 'five miles on ine prairie 10 procure iooa ior ourselves auu horses, and establish ourselves for the moment in "some secure place where we could defend ourselves from the rage of our enemies, and while in this situation, on Saturday, the 21st, Col. Sconce, with two other leading men from Ray County, came to see us, desiring to know what our intentions were; "For;" said he, "I see there is an an almighty power which pro- lects ims people, ior l siarteu irom lucnmomi, Ray County, with a company of armed men, having a full determination to destroy you, but was kept back by the storm, and was not able to reach you." "When he entered our camp he was seized with such a trembling that he was obliged to sit down and compose himself; and when he "had made known the object of their visit, I arose, and addressing them, gave a relation of the sufferings of the Saints in Jackson County, ' 1 . lZ J f -- what we had suffered" by our enemies for our had come one thousand we and that religion, miles to assist our brethren, to bring them clothing etc, and to reinstate them upon their own Jands, and that we had no intention to molest or injure any people, but only to administer to the wants of our afflicted friends, and that the evil reports circulated about U3 were false, and got up by our enemies to procure our destruction. "When I had closed a lengthy speech, the spirit of which melted them into compassion, they arose and offered me their hands and said they would use their influence to allay the excitement which everywhere prevailed against us, and they wept when they, heard of our afflictions and persecutions, and that our intentions were good. Accordingly they went forth and rode among tne peopie,anamaaeun- wearied exertions to allay the excitement. A revelation was given while they were encamped on Fishing River, in Missouri, June 1 .. . 22nd, 1834. NOTES AND NEWS. Women are soon to be employed as telegraph operators in Japan. N This year's vote on the municipal woman suffrage bill in the Massachusetts Legislature i3 61 ayes to 130 noes, and 7. pairs. 'Last year it was 50 ayes to 144 noes, and 11 pairs. tv. Auarion TaAp' fifnntr Rand is civincf concerts in London under the direction of Mme. Leorjoldine Auer.of the Conservatoire of Vienna. The twelve performers are all ladies and prize medalists. The orchestral entertain- -' ment they afford is varied by several songs, contributed by Miss Hochheimer.iz. The London Daily News of April 11 contains a graphic and picturesque account of the ceremony attending the bestowal of degree3 w aie3 Dy tne upon the Prince and rnncess ot Prince reThe Ireland. Vlioyai University-o- f ceived the degree of Doctor of Laws, the Prin cess that of Doctor of Music Ex. 