WOMAN'S EXPONENT, by SJeiJ E. R. S. Smith and E. B. Wells. Sister "Cobb, Emily Ste'Venson was nominated and unanimously sustained as Assistant Counselor to Sister Sutherland, and Luella Brinton and Valeria Brin- tnn a Assrstant'SepretaHs.-wThey..wcre'.al50-ad- dressed by JsaDeiiaJcaie aiKi xlsd by Counselor Ji C'CasWBfd?'WbftTiingtb School, and Bro, Hanson, Supt. o( the Pre st. of the Y. M M. I. A. of that ward. The benediction was pronounced by Master Francis The meeting was followed, by a McDonald. ..omcy-Aism- in an, adjoinine room,;wnere a Childrens ' great variety pf articles, mide by the little people, were on exhibition. There was plain and fancy sewing in various useful articles, as well as some ornamental, crochet work,in baskets, tidies, cush ions, etc., wool and wax flowers, quilt and rugs, baskets, and also cooking by the girls bread, butter and caks, all displaying the skill and ingenuity of these industrious and intelligent small folks. The little boys had on exhibition some ar ticles in wood work and a specimen of blacksmith- ing; in all a pretty good showing. Tables were set in the ;hall, and about three hundredfin eluding the children, partook oFa bounteous re past. Master George McDonald asked the bless ing at the table. The meeting .and fair both passed" off satisfactorily, and Sister Sutherland and her assistants m this good labor mult feel gratified with the degree of success they have achieved. -- The annual meeting of the four districts of Mill Creek was held on Tuesday, May 26th, commenc ing at 10 a.m., at the ward meeting house, Mrs. Mary McAllister, President, .second district, presiding in the forenoon. After singing, prayer wasfTeredby Elder VVm. Hill ; then singing. Minutes read and approved. Programme of second district: Questions and answers from the children in concert; Dialogue, "Put yourself in ' my place," by two boys ; Recitation, by a young girl; song by four Misses Bowden, "Then wake again the songs of old," very sweetly sung; Recitation; then an essay on "Honesty," Annie "Bowden; very good; Organ Solo, by Luetta Corn well, very well rendered; Recitation, by Leslie Bowden, five years old. Miss Mary Belle White was nominated and sustained as Secretary for conjoint district meetings. Remarks by Sjster E. C. Clawspn, after which there were exercises from the P. A. of the first district. Recitation, Blanrhp William: J "a vervJ lifiln rir! . AVV.V.I T?o,;ti:,, kUUUU, Master John Bolton; Dialogue, by five girls; Recitation, Elizabeth Cook ; Recitation, Master Walter Anderson; Dialogue, two little girls; Recitation, Master Thomas Gunderson. Remarks were made by E. R. SV Smith and Bishop Hamilton. The children sang the "Word of Wisdom." Benediction by Bishop lames Hamilton. After noon' session, at 2 p.m., Mrs. Francis Hanson, of the third district, presiding. - After singing,prayer and singing the programme was carried out as follows: Recitation, "A Christmas Evt Adventure," by Basha Snedaker; Dialogue, three boys; Song, two little girls, "I'd- - be a butterfly," very beautifully rendered; Recitation, by a very littl girl; Dialogue, four young girls; Recitation, a young giri; then a song, after which the pro gramme ot the tourth district was given, which consisted of a recitation, by a little girl; Dialogue, 1. ... wo little irls r Reritatinn a lifTr;i . c a OUIlg, IWO gill, little girls. This concluded the programme for iuc uy, ionowea Dy remarks irom Sisters E. B. A W11e t . n. wn.t ens- auuI jl.. iwiawson, wno gave th children two, maxims to be rememberpd observed by. them "Return good for evil." and "It is better to suffer wrong than to do wrong." Sister E. R. S. S. then made some impressive remarks ro the children, and Counselor Snedaker followed with: encouraging words. Mrs. Ann Morgan was chosen and sustained as Assistant Counselor to Mrs. Francis Hanson of the third Benedict woman. The Ladies' meeting was held in the Assembly "Rooms in the 14th Ward, of this City, Saturday, May i6th, at 2 p.m., Sister M. I. Home presiding After singing' prayer was offered by Sister Caroline Raleigh. Then singing. Minutes ot previous meeting read, and also minutes from the Y. L. of the 15th and 20th Wards, and P. A. of the 5th, 4th and 15th semi-monthj- y, '.', Wards. Prest. Home made opening remarks, in which ." . she referred to 'the condition of the Latter-daSaints at the present .time, and said if we would become strong in God's might we must be very faithful in keeping His commandments; "There is an order in the kingdom of God which we must obey, and if we do not do, this we are treading on dangerous ground. , The Lord will bring about. His purposes, and His ways are not our ways." Spoke of the opinions the world entertain in regard to us as a people; thought that our persecutions were in fulfillment of Scripture. Said, "Let us be calm and press forward and we. will come off y ' ' - . : : ''. . MRS. ELLExN E. DICKINSON Editor Exponent : j ' , You asked me to give you my thoughts and feelings onx Mrs. Dickinsons' book, "New Light on Mormonism," but my mind is perfectly "Hark upon where the new light, or any tfut light comes in. I confess my sense of truth and justiqe only allowed me to "dip in" to such a tirade of gross misrepresentations, "for, indeed, ray time is too precious to read such libels, written jn such a flippant, impertinent, not to say impudent style, exhibiting the assumption of a mind determined to abuse and misrepresent the people she has set down to make a book about, of course for money, anda lore of pandering to the vatiated taste of the age Throughout the pages she sins against lighuand , knowledge, and if by accident tells a truth, that is admirable about the Mormons, in the very next sentence she. asserts some outrageous lie to counteract any good influence she thinks she might have thrown over her readers. I should consider it beneath the digaity of a Latter-da- y Saint to attempt to "enter the lists" with such a contemptible opponent. Silence is the only commentary for such a scribbler. She Is of the Kate Field school, in which such characters show by their writingsand effusions that they have taken the professorship of Diablerie. ' H. T. K. . " '. Remarks were afterwards made by Sisters Mary Ann Pratt, Caroline Raleigh and M. A. E. Wat- mourh. Prest. Home made a few closing remarks, and the meeting adjourned, for two weeks. Singing, "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah.'' Benediction by Sister E. S. Taylor. W tions. ; able. ' ' . Mrs. Holme's had no bitterness in her heartjo "warciroiTrTpeople, but seemed very anxious to "learn all she could of our belief and our institu. " ''-:-:- . . R. S. AND Y. L. MEETING. ' - A STRANGE PHENOMENON. We learn from the papers that the Rev. Henry Wrard Beecher calls our religion a strange phe- nomenon. I think it quite as strange that any person who loves and reveres the. Savior of the world, as he seemed to have done, could ignore this latter day work. I well remember reading a lecture delivered MRS MARY J. HOLMES. by this reverend gentleman some time since,in which This clever and talented writer visited Salt he expressed his love for the Savior in the highLake recently in company, with her liusoand, Mr. est terms imaginable. His prayer, too, was very Daniel Holmes. Mr. and Mrsr Holmes reside in devotional. I quite enjoyed the spirit it breathed, Brockport, near Rochester, New. York. The .an d ex clai m ed, "Su c h a pe rson will certainly appreciate and accept the message which has in- -, gentleman is a lawyer by profession; and while traveling in the west is corresponding for a spired us to action." , Rochester paper. Both husband and wife are The lecture was delivered to the cadets of a people of culture and literary attainments." Mrs. military school, in oneof the eastern cities. This is Holmes perhaps as well known and as much reverend gentleman is considered to be a man of sound mind and good judgment, and how he can loved, through her books,as" any woman in America. Like other authors she-haa style of prefer the state the world is in to.the her own, and it is one very fascinating, especially lessons taught by our Great Law Giver, the to the young. Savior, I cannot understand. She- commenced writing stories when very The message senf to us is to live in the most strict obedience to the laws of Christ, that ,we youngs and her first novel was written when she .was fifteen years of age. She is still writing and may be prepared to receive Him vhen He comes is and now a book en to reign on the earth. publishing, engaged upoa titled "Tracy Park." She only writes about three Certainly the most reasonable ideas we could hours in a day, usually from nine to twelve in the conceive of. Those Who cannot comprehend such must be blind indeed, and classed with those morning; Mrs. Holmes is very pleasing in conversation, the Savior called blind leaders of the blind. Yet we remember that not many wise men after the the gentle and least ostentation or seeming desire to be known flesh, not many mighty, were chosen. So Paul at once as the celebrated authoress. She is tall says, "Knowledge puffeth up; but charity and graceful in figure, with a pleasant face, which edifieth." A person who has been popular for bespeaks candor and amiability, yet marked with any length of time can not afford-t- o lose his good . . , s . 17-- singing, "We want to see the Temple." tion by Elder Jens Hansen ' victorious." The Presidents of Relief Society were then in vited to speak, and Sisters Diana Reid, Margaret McMaster and Ann Player responded; also Sister Sarah M. Kimball. Sister Bathsheba Smith spoke a short time about the Deseret Hospital. Said, "It is now time to pay our annual membership' fee," and Hoped all would respond, as there was need o funds at the present time to keep up the institu tion.and if there wre any sisters who could fur nish some rag carpet it would be very accept ; V ; district,-showin- g i. S.-wia- y .rr.- hcffndiyidualilyTThlFlens its own story of the author and the woman. Mrs. Holmes expressed herself as delighted with our beautiful city and its surroundings, and ap-- " predated the attentions shown her by those she had- - the pleasure of meeting while here, She seemed to be especially gratified with her visit to 'and intends the Lion House to seeSjteji:a, writing her impressions of this remarkable the enenrv and labors of the Association. We must not fail to mention Bro. Nathanial Bowden, who has taken very great pains to instruct the trhi'dren ia singing, and they are certainly indebted to him for progress and each to-da- - - i- self-possesse- d, lady-likewhho- ut , -- y, . 