WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 34 - adornetl - with a un DI paiei pink;. suslain you m time and ar-was lie "arid her hair Y as tiel pack with a ribbon to thmmrhout all the eternities to come, " r mutch. arise-an- d hine and the glory of-Gto reach within their, accomplish it tons LshalLyet power U wonderAil- bow these It the see shall The. Saints her. has will rest upon this. "But how marvelousIyGcd wrought? the toilet chairgeil; her wholeappearancerriS fv Time after time : it hassmedjo, all iiuman, Salvation' of Israel and2 their;: enemies-ovelittle taste does muchJor a woirian'.s toilet, an thrown. They shall join m sacred gongs and vision that our destruction was inevitable, arid A simple is the iost. to thtMost yet how small, often, our enemies have rejoiced at the prospect; anthems in pralH-'fi'fwill make a of violet or crimson velvet But God has not forgotten Zion nor the proni-- ' High, saying, Hallelujah! Hallelujah! for the knot and e4n elegant. As He. perffiS'tnlB kicked to Lord God Omnipotent reigneth, and will reign dull dress look bright ises He has made. saidr" "trifles rtakc perfection, exercise their agency, and their acts are the until he has put all enemies under His feet. .a great painter ' is no trifle." but freeof perfection standard the around means of testing and proving His people. Therefore rally Mrs. Montgomery's face wore a brighter look - But there are limits beyond which they canpubnc,"sustain dom, uphold' the'flag of the and than usual that day, as. she eritered the nurs- not go. They cannot interfere with His the principles- - - of ' human liberty tnTrnerures5 nan at'tuuuy ne controls ,juifltaia-nvioIate- -h MUMLAtJ-JaJSUa- 'l all their acta for His glory, and out of seeming of the United States and- all laws in accord- :, but she was hardly preparediqrue uursti ' 0ur uhcu. ance therewith, and God shall smile upotf Wu. admirauon mat grtcicu ncu :: evil He brings forth abundant salvation. heart-fel- t and sincere are that compliments very recent experience shows us that there is and you arid your generations shall be blessed her little ones that day. But no cloud bufr has a silver lining. In our past in time ano tnrougnoui me eierumea mat aic a3 were those of tones quickly' changed to one of experience we have often had reason to feel to come. We must still bear the same record her children's ' of the words of the poet, that that we have heretofore borne to you: woe to anxiety. "Are you going iway anywhere, mamma?" they asked directly; them that, fight against Zion, for - God will Behind a frowning.providence "No, dears," I aui going to sew on the ma. lie hides a smiling face. fight against them. chine all dav; so we can have a nice time towe have changed our office from Although In our present trials we shall have a similar time to time we have been able to .; our gether." ':" V; perform . chair a 'minute, her Alice .'Little over, experience. hung duties, with the exception of public addressee, Zion will emerge from them stronger and her buttons, as she as lmuch as when at home. How long it shall admiringly, and fingered content in;her eye purer and every way better qualified to cope beThe good pleasure of God, our Heavenly said, with a smile with and overcome the'difficulties and obstacles "You look nice, mamma." that we shall continue in our present father, bo to ensountered.Our in trust yet Mrs. Montgomery smiled, a3 she threaded condition mattereth not. Wehope always to numbers, but in the strength and" protection be while Philip added resigned to His providence and to accept the needle of the machine, of Israel's God, who controls all the millions at His hands ail that it may be His good proudly: of the world, and puts down one and sets upT "She looks nicer than Harry's mother, even to call us to endure, whether pros another according to the counsel of His own pleasure perity,or adversity, freedom or imprisonment, when she has her silk dress on." --iwill. , That was reward enough: she had eclipsed her or death. If we can only manage to observe His Iaw ;iifeWith rival. . , kind regards,we subscribe ourselves, ". and keep His commandments, He will protect s "I'll remember this dayV lesson," aid the in the New your brethren aud m " while grass 'grows or water rues," while and mother, in her own heart, and she did i cmcrii-- " Everlasting Covenant; sun, nioon and stars exist, or the earth and ' ber it. John Taylor. , heavens endure, and when JEO KG E rheiainydayulress-was-doomeda- nd G A N NON they" QC heaven and a new earth whereon d welletb -i- 'nt-w h el ted to ri p it up wit h si uccre pleasu re. It the e jC h u r ch jdL r - rPresicleh y of Fi "righteousness7 The Saints- if faithful to J&m Christ of Latter-damade excellent linings for a new one, and it Saints. ' their covenants, their "wives and posterity,, ' ' often preached its old sermon over, as it hung July 21th,.1885. shall enjoy them again, and possess Ihem while wrong side out in the closet. the celestial worlds progress in their eternal "iIothers, when you allow yourselves slovenTHE FADED WKAPPER. spheres. ly ways among the little ones, in the seclusion We have been very much pleased at the heroic conduct and honorable course of bur "Are you sorry that father has gone away to of the nursery, remember there's a child there "a takin' notes." Those notes will be read bret hren and sisters who have had fo endure afov nvor mnrlif Allio1)" no!l ,, C f the insults and outrages perpetrated by the Montgomery's children to his.sister. "It rains even when your head lies low. Of all tho present crusaders. The conduct of the Saints so that no one will call; and now mother vnll bright pictures that hang on memory's wall, under these trying circumstances has been wear that faded wrapper all day. I heard her there is none to rne o fair as a sweet loving eminently proper. If the nation can bear and tell Barbara she should have a good lone day mother, whose appearance was always neat and tasteful, even in working dress. Children may put up with such iufamie3ashave been witiui stnuig. oiic uuesu i lulllK 1C WOrill While love an untidy mother, after a fashion but nessed in theselnountains, we can. t We canto sereven the dining room table iust for us:" can never respect --her. . She cannot keep not, however, at the behest of mau,iay aside 'von t you wish she would spill ink on that : theyhold the on them in after years that one of those great principles that God hascommuni-- , dress, l tulip.' was the answer "then she- - the cated to us, nor violate, those sacred and opposite habits possesses. Besides.if you are wouldn t wear it any more." "eternal covenants which "we have entered into untidy yourself, they will probably grow up .no indeed, i don t want it any worse, for to imitate you. Don't neglect the details of for time and eternity. L It is admitted as a sne would wear lt just the same rainy days and dress, that add so much to fundamental principle Jhatjhe States 1 shall when papa is away." . appearance, because, there will be "no one about but tho. "make, no law "impairing the validity of c Now mamma, in the next room, heard this children." is Wood's Manazine: this a correct principle concernIf discussion of the children, and arose to take a ing dollars and cents, how much more is it survey of herself in the .looking-glass- . It was the eternal happiness and salvation of not a very pleasing picture that the, polished "Omaha, Nebraska, has .followed the exman: cuiiiiuc guvu uacK. io ner view. ample of Wyoming Territory, and get3.the. While we always have a disposition to "ren"Now Harry Warren's mother," said cou try.: Philip der unto Gesap the things that are CresarV - an . "J-- 1 .7 J tne ot women pay teachers shall hereafter be .weiMJt indefinitely more 'important ifHlen .. 1 . day." the same as -that to men of the ame derunto God, the things that ate God's" We paid bhe wear3sucn pretty bows on her hair and - in the schools." . r" ' ; grade can afford to live for our religion, and if needs . ...cue v isn l nail so ajuo be, to die for it; but wo cauuot afford to vioour mother," she added loyally "if The Manchester Woman's SufTi pleaintas late our covenants, nor to prejudice our -- ouls. "vw iviLICl. says, "Now that the Franchise Act Is passed, God; and we call upon the Sainti, a u The mother's eyes glistened as she looked and the Scats Bill has also received the have done heretofore, to lean upon the Lord down on the Royal old wrappei. Assent, those members while passing through t.hpsp ill fptina hr;.rr "To be compared to Aunt Warren " she has been to secure this lame measure of rnm. are now being so uninercifullyJieaped ."and by ray own children, too. Who upon thought, sehtatiOn for men, mav hp. us by implacable and deadly foes, who are would have thought they were such sliarp little their efforts in favor of the enfranchisement of seeking to crush out from our souls the princithin-?- ? women. They notice every trifle." of human ples liberty and to place us in a .Mrs Montgomery's spirit was condition of serfdom and bondage. Our quite stirred. The Woman's Franchise Bill b hope She would not allow such a rival, she said to and trust are iu the living God, and He will moved in the House of Lords more than herself, if she could eclipse her. "You shall come to our deliverance in His own due time once. The last occasion was Jnn a be dtsapointed about the old 9r,i ,u, and will scatter the enemies oMsrapl TKoro. for LiOTd Denman brought wrapper it Mr. Philip," she added farAfore be not faint hearted for God will defend ' once, smiling; so she this was looked upon as an inonnorhinp. 'tim took a soft white dress," the right. Live your religion, be humble, be 1 just the thing to n as it was just as the Peers we're about a dull day. Then she to ad puffed her hair in still honest, preserve it her prettiest style, and proceeded to'dress herjourn, remains, however, on the order book of the House of Lords your integrity and keep the commandments of self with unusual care. Tho delicate lace col- among the Bills second awaiting reading. to make the work! believe that w:e ought to be earth-l- y -destroyed, and t h ey h a ve in vet' ed every G jJ, and will -- -- -l- iBdd ! od - 4 ;:- . " -- . lpni -- - v ; the-trut- J . -- of-dee- is-no- t p . - . -- fellow-laborer- -- : i a "t)f - J-- y ; -- ; , .. con-carpi- ng " . honest-mfhvimf- I . . : - - X ' - - -- . c uj-fur- - 8 - en-ive- ! 