WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 108 obedience to ought to be welcome to all the honor, they can make out 01 u. ii 15 uui 4 vcif ticuuduic prothe law of the land, which lies at the foundation ceeding,- from a legal standpoiht. to impose a of republican institutions: The' streng-ththe destiny of the nation rest upon punishment for something which may ha done in Editor. EVMELISE D.' WELLS, the future, while ignoring or passing over lightly our homes, established by the law of God, an equally grave offense already plead guilty to as "guarded" by parental cafe, regulated by parental ruljIMiclscnii-mouthly, itrSiilt Like City, Utah. .Terms: e committed in the past. Nor would the tempting and sanctified by parental Wiic copy ir.,)0t..pac' Cr tix' mouth's,' Si. 00. Ten authority homes of 6mj$ of mothers The of weaker men to violate their most solemn oaths, polygamy. are not the of nine.-.,eoj.uM for th-would the as nation ten they with simple offers of immunity and friendship, linespf nonpareil .our land who rule the Advertising rales; itiarc, A discount '83.00. liberal space, ouo time, S2.r0; pur mouth, seem to merit any particular approval under any characters, and guide the actions of their sons, in regular advertiser. circumstances. As to the correctness of the live according to God's holy ordinance, and each, Kxpoxent oflieo, No. 2i I'., South Temple StrecVecond father the the exclusive love of t of J)(w ret News OllVe. IJmr--s hours from 10 a.m.. pure and happy-iopinions of the Utah Commissioners, whose true of to information are so various arid so con- sources-o.Sunday. duy, of her chHdrenheds the warm light nil bunmw commniikvttions to .V'l'lri;. and unpolluted, upon; flictingrwerhave no means ofdeciding; womanhood, unperverled circle. re,'! r.is in; ft voman"s E.'r6Ni;Nr, . wholesome family all within her pure and Mr. Cleveland regards it a "strange spectacle" Salt Lakf. Crfv. I'tau, unand crushed the not cheerless, These are that the "Mormons" should vote" for and elect to of fathers The of mothers polygamy. womanly the offices within their gift, men whose religious Dk'ChSihek 15, 1885. Salt Lake Citv, Our families are the best citizens of our Republic; ideas and sympathies are identical' with their own wife and children are the sources of patriotism,-anin other words that the people should. place in r devoaffection and "beget Tl E EXECUTI E T I IRUS T. parental conjugal office men belonging to the PeopleVparty,-W- T with undented tion to "the country. The man.who. wonder what His Excellency would expect! To at Hi On 7 inst.,upba plural marriage, is surrounded in his single home a Democratelected by Democraoc' votes of to a lawwife-ancounin of the the a stake has of with in a the Capitol body children, Washington Republican elected by Republican votes there and its for with which laws, makers "composing the Forty-nintCongress, respect inspires try ., should not be anything phenomenal in the fact the fathers not are These for defense. its (j rover Cleveland, President of the United States, courage alluded to. To vote for one's friends instead of in pursuance'- of 'a cons titutional duty, proceeded of polygamous families. There is no feature of one's enemies seems not only a prerogative, but a to favor ihem, and at extreme length, with a recital this practice or the system wliiciT sanctions it, duty, clear as noonday. In. this the law of Conwhich is not opposed to air that is of value in- - our of the information at: his' command regarding the is not in any manner insulted, for the law institutions. There should be no relaxation in gress slate of the Union ; and to give such, recommendadoes not, and the Constitution declares that any tions as he deemed 'might be of service to them" the firm, bat just execution of the law now in law.shall not, interferewith or presume to dictate and productive of good: to the commonwealth. operation, and I should be glad to approve such in matters of belief, .. The various political, diplomatic and finaucial further discreet legislation as will rid this country "Our homes, established by the law of God, 'issues'of the hour, consisting of such topics as of this blot upon its fame." mnrAfi Vit nirntil eir ronrnlitpd Kir nil-A- til F r 7T r n Tn ff ilr i f n m ra p rri n t rn p ; t a rifT rp if U 2. To which may be added the following sentence, authority and sanctified by parental, love' are tions, currency, domestic improvements, naval as part of the message in some of the published none' the less so that they are "the homes of, affairs, the Indian and Mormon questions, and Eastern papers, but. not transmitted, through some polygamy."' "The cheerless, crushed' and un- civil service, were all met and dilated upon with a to the Western inexplicable omission, press: . womanly mothers" are n0t the mothers of "Mor- zeal highly gratifying to rs Excellency's partisans ''Since the people upholding polygamy in our mon" polygamy. No purer, happier, truer women and sympathizers, .and. equally obnoxious to those "Territories- are reinforced by immigration from can be found than those in these valleys of the of an opposite political persuasion. Passing over, other lands, I recommend that a lawbe passed to mountains "who "live according to God's holy orwithout Comment, all that portion of the document dinance" as revealed and testified to their hus- which is without special local interest, we furnish prevent the importation of Mormons into this . . il !. C country." space for the homily on the Mormon question, to which the careful attention of our readers is dipast and present, but also .from our future history the President's statements regarding of Some rected. Much had been hoped by theFederal will the fact be demonstrated that the Republic this "Mormon" mattef,not only in the paragraphs our here and by enemies generally, from the has and "can have no better citizens than the ring above , quoted, but also" in other published utterTirst published suggestions of the new Chief fathers of our families. We maintain and have with which he is credited, it is easy to see ances Magistrate upon the absorbing'topic; and cerfain-l- y abundantly proven that there are many features upon very unreliable information. For all such have cause to feel irrdltfied at the some-wh"of this practice" not opposed "to all that is of few will be found, even among s instance, liberal mention accorded it. A close perusal, value in our institutions." On all these points we, who regard the.."energetic themselves, who live in and are familiar with the system of , however, fails to reveal that venom and that unenforcement" of the Edmunds law as having been concealed hostility which the President's apparent so distasteful to American civilization,", attended with "measurably As marriage had some reason to Here of taking; direct issue with the given apathy expect". for those honorable inhabitants of beg ihe liberty arc his remarks in full: Chief Executive, who knows absolutely nothing the Territory who have permanent interests at about it, other than that which he has been told; the . of Utah law the of the stake or who desire the welfare of the country "In, Territory and we consider our statements, even without the United States passed for the suppression of polyand the return of the prosperity usually enjoyed, proof of which theyare so easily susceptible, gamy has been energetically and faithfully they certainly do not realize the "good results' ,f better than his. executed during the past year With measurably spoken of. Neither do those who, because of a In conclusion, President-- Cleveland expresses good results. A number of convjetions have been tenet of religious faith, are compelled either to resecured for unlawful cohabitation and in some nounce his desire to approve further discreet legislation principles dearer than life and recede from cases pleas of guilty have been entered and slight covenants more binding than anything human on this subject, and suggests that there be. no repunishment imposed upon a promise by the accan be,pr find themselves subjected to the mockery laxation Jn.jthe firm but just execution of the cused that they would not again offend against the of a trial and the indignity of an imprisonment, or present law which one sentence is in fact about nor aid in or abet law, advise, counsel, in absence from their homes seek any way i ts violation U The others. Commissioners" tah by' and all the endearments which the word implies. .question. It is, of course, to be regretted that' based such information as express opinions upon And that the "faithful enforcement" and the the Evarts scheme of prohibiting "Mormon" immthey were able to obtain, that but few polygamous "good results" are not satisfactory even to the igration Should have hffn rciirrorrAr? anri thus in have taken place the Territory during marriages band of conspirators who wisiro eWutly our dignified in so important a document as a Presithe; lastear,;The.yfurlheLrepQrt; that while entire destruction's shown with sufficient cleardent's message. The fact that the clause was not there cannot be found upon the registration lists ness by the fact that new and more drastic remetelegraphed West with the body of the message of voters the ' name' of a man actually guilty of dies are would almost indicate that somebody in the East continually suggested and urged to cure tIie Jl1 .V!ier S5L P10115 ?1101 polygamy, and while none of that class are hold--- i purely xomplain of. was ashamed of it. : A ' at the office, last in election the Terrttorv, ng yet, Who, then, regards the results as measurably After all, though, the recommendations of the " all the oLiicers elected, in one were except Mtjre than this, the less said by the President and trfe enactments good? county, of Congress, how-evmen who, though not actually living in the pracExecutive and government generally about the favorable or inimical toeus they may be, will tice of polygamy, subscribed to the doctrine of manner of the enforcement of fhis obnoxious bill "affect but sltehtlv if at alF the final result. The polygamous marriage, as 'a "divine revelation and the belter. If the President can find Lord of Hosts, the Ruler of the" whole Universe, any cause to a law unto all. higher and more binding upon the congratulate himself, Congress and the courts has certain designs to accomplish, and whatever . conscience than any human law, local or national. that "in some cases pleas of guilty have been may occur will be found pointing toward their acThus is the strange spectacle presented of a comentered and slight punishment imposed upon a complishment, This far, at the Latter-da- y munity protected by a republican form of govern- -' promise by the accused that they would not aain Saints are believers in whatleast, is termed destiny; ment to which they owe allegiance, sustaining by olfend against the law, nor advise, counsel, aid or and among4he- - faithful those who walk day by-- day their suffrage a principle and a belief which sets abet in any way its violation in the light of the spirit there is no feeling by others," they "Fnanitnat' obligatio.rf of absolute - . , per-'petuitya- nd - love.'-Thes- ' j . - - .'"jat-j- n i efi-- f p.m.-evcr- ' ' .. 1 g d h - n -- 1 r 1 1 1 ' 1 1 - . 1 1 1 1 J . are-base- d at theanti-Mormon- -- good-results.- fair-minde- : " d, " ; - self-preservati- -- er . " 