'jcldexed fcittmata and wUhJUi the pale of lawTH . t Tea copy ana jw, $2. W; oca copy alt moatha fl .00 rsjsJes for the price of nine. Adrertiahig rates: Each a'rii are, tea line of aonpcrell epace, one time $350: jw mcmUi, $3 00. A liberal dioowrt to t -f ;.J . regular advertisers. Nov 4, Tip stalrg, Hooper an4 XTtarm: .''!. Exrawc'Koom -Str Mdrel-BfocfcrMahi:- ; Z. CJ. - yirj M. day,-'xee- pf aouta of I. Buameee boars from 10 a. m.to 5 p. ml Sands j.- - Addrets all business cojamaa lcAtioaa to Publisher Woillbs Expomnrr, Bait Lake City Utah. ; SALT LAKE MAY CITY, 1, 15S5. THE LAST DECISION. Of late there has been great anxiety in the community in regard to what the decision of the' court would be In the case of Angus M. Cannon j President "of this Stake of Zlon . It haa been looked ppon in the; light of a teat case, and therefore eager attention haa been directed to- - "' wards the anticipated result. .. .J President Cannon employed the most eminent lawyers In the city, and every thing that could be done to give the case prestige wasaccoml plished, but it proved all to no purpose, for when the trial came up, and the case was argued, all the sublime eloquence, of the most powerful speakers counted for nothing, and the District Attorney and Judge construed or defined the term cohabitation (according to an entirely new idea, In order to secure, as it would seem, the convicuon or me accusea, aunougn ine aerena-a- nt had, aa was proven, kept the Edmunds law as it had previously been Interpreted in the courts. One cannot help thinking that the mind of the Judge and Prose cuting Attorney have undergone a radical change elnce the case of Rudgar Clawson was decided, and even since the dac'slon wai "given in another notable case that of Orson ' Arnold. Cohabitation means some thing different now, and jodglng from past ren derlngs no man will be able to tell how cohabita tion may yet be defined In the near future. The rare j ewel, consistency, is absolutely, left out or ine trial in ine uannon case, ana me Judge delivers hi opinions as much like an oracje as mouga ne waa seneu co ine uenca oi the 8upreme Court of the United Sta'efl.' - ! . edge that the Edmunds, law Is no V for the crime of. adul tery and similar offences against m orality . and decency, and yet it has been apparent all the tlnn that it was not; however it is plain to be seen that in fhei8 matters Con grass does not Jntefere. Bin' and vice' abound and grow more and more bold every dayand very little heed Is given to the entreaties of thote zealous reform-er- s who are exercised over the matter, bat when it Is affirmed by the Judiciary that the Eimunda law is to protect monogamio marriage, it is almost too much. It makes one sick at heart who is acquainted with facta Jn relation to the safeguards that the very strenuous and fcrupulous people) whoVdlaoass ) these subjects in public, throw around marriage to protest its sancti ty. " To enumerate instance!' of abuses of this form of marriage would be too extensive, unless one ciuld publish volume upon volume, r In monogamy when , men tire of their wives they find an excuse to divorce them, or leave them until the law acknowledges the separation, ' if, Indeed,they consider law in the case. There is an abundance of instances in these United States where men have had four or live or more wives in this way, and all living; bnt that practice is i although there had been all tbeaole amity of a maniage ceremony la each caie, that ought to have been binding on both parties throughout ; ' '.' all time at JeaatT.,:"' It seema lrijredlble to thlnklthat Judges, will rr sort to such weak xcuses to punish Mormons,' when there is no shadow of evidence to prove even the appearance of having broken the la w, in question. The whole prcceedlfligs are simply a form without uny mcaning, except to ctjn'tict a hollow mockeryso far as the defendant Is Icon-- ; cerned, and yet Intended to force men .to utterly abandon those whom they have made th e mos t solemn oovenanti before Gad to cherish and pro-- ; 4 tect. But these men, judges; and official will falj far short of acoompllshlng what they have undertaken, however' zsalou9 they may be in proaecuting land convicting, they cannot, atop the progress of the Kingdom of God upon the earth. "Man proposes, but God disposes," and they are only helping to fulfill the prophecies concerning the last days. There will certainly ba a diversity of opinion even among those who discountenance the practice of plural marriage, in regard to Judge Zane's ruling in the Cannon case. The Interpretat ion the Judge gives of the word co habitation is so purely original that it will b4 questioned as doubtful on all eides. A man's 3lbertjrhangss by a, very rme silken gossamer thread, whe n It , can be balanced against the definition given to one simple word. It is pretty plain to see that the keeping of the ( Edmunds law does not1 save men from the pun Ishment determined upori,Viiz , fine and imprison men t and, therefore, what inducement Is there to keep the law at all? By and byei perharJ after Innocent men have been made to suffer, or another sort ef case comes up whlcii needs an4 other stretcn or cons men ce, ine teruxcon sbnai tlon may, have another construction put upon it Meantime the people will go on with their various pursuits preaching the Gospel,' gathering the poor, subduing the earth, beautifying and improving; Zlon I Reaching i industry, economy and virtue, and encouraging the people to con ' tinue in keeping the commandments of God; This people are in the hands of , that God whom they have covenanted to obey, and He will overrule all things for good, and no power on earth or in heaven caa hinder the growth and spread of the work He has set His hand to do. Thingi may look very dark and gloomy,' men may be in prison and in bonds, and Satan may have power to afflict tne saints, bnt thzy will : m : alarays havethB8trran''lh4. courage te endure if they live faithful ;and the Spirit of God In their hearts, and when. their inteflrrlty to God 'land HIb Jtlngdom la Bncienpr He 111 piotn come on t of His hiding place atid m anifes t His power ia the dehyeranqa prHIs cho&en people. keep: ; EDITORIAL NOTE 3. The Primary Association of, the 15th Ward of this city was reorganized Oct" 16tb, 1831. Jirsi Lucy Pratt Kuseell had resigned the positionj on account; of increased family cares, that required her whole attention,af ter having iield the office, whicX she aiIy an a number of years. The Bishop of the ward sei hcted Mrs. M.Lois Morris to fill tbajvacancy,and the organization was completed with the fellow. ing offlcew: M.Loia Morris, President; Susannah' Waterfall and Hortensla L..Jone&, Counselors: Venaie L'jfTio, Secretary; George Ll Morris,' Treasurer. Tiie Bishopric of the ward and Bis ters E. C. Clawson. L. A. Wells an R-- Mi 'Kimball officiated in the organization and made suitable remarks - to those assembled. ' We hn r X y; -- i statistical and financial report. BInging and other fxercitre were well rendered, and rt fleeted great credit upon those who have so arduous theugh pleasant a' labor :lri teaching the young the ways of the Lord. After the ' programme uau wxu uuitvu yu retuBZftB were maue uy dm- ! : ! - son, M. G. Wells ; and r Elizi Clawson m&dn rlnilntr rpmrt-- t n Lyon.-Pealdei nnd uffar nnn& the benediction was pronowcedJMaiter Alex., C.TPy per. After Xhp cloee ,aiy pretent were On Friday, April 24th, the anhual meeting of . i , ; " ' derstand the Atsociatloa to; be in a fJourhhlug condition At tha'ftrrant'tlm Tiib Annual meeting of the Primary Astccta , tlon of the Twelfth, Ward held on AVednes-"deApiJ52nd, Jn ihe Ataembry;BoQmf, Mis. Ellen C. Clawion presiding The weather was very onfavorablf. Vet " there wS tver sis children jpreetni.TheJnn an ' eniH Ward was held In the Asieaibji , Boonif, Mrs. L. A. Wells presiding, There were quite, a large number of .children and ee vera! visitors present. The minutes of the previous annual meeting and report for the last year ,were'readt and a programme carried out, consisting of 'songs, organ solo, accordeon sob, recitations, dialogues and tessay, questions answered and so forth. The choice of the pieces given was particularly good and worthy of mention anci excellent order was observed by the little folks. Brief remarks were made by Slaters E. C. C Ja wsdn, 'E." B." Wells,B. Standring of Lehi, Bishop Millen 'Atwood and Coun. Francis Platte. Prest.'.Wellis also made auitable concluding remarks.1 After sin gmgOur Father In Heaven," etc., the meeting was dis missed with pray er by Tommle Sloan, who had formerly been a member of the Association. .We had the pleasure of attending the annual, meeting of the Relief Soelety of Davis Stake, held In the Farming ton meeting house, Friday, April 17tb,un. Maryi Clark presiding. After the usual opening exercises and reading of minutes and annual report, 8 Is ter Clark called upon the Belief Society Presidents to report the condition of the branch society over which they presided. The reports were very good though briofj and each' one fpoke; as. though earnestly engaged in the duties pertaining to her calling. Bis ter Phe be W. Woodruff of this, ci ty then the congregation, glvJng 6ome pf her experience in the Church for over fifty years, imparting meat excellent and wise; ingtructio'n pertaining to the times in which we are' living. 8! s ter Jane S. Blchardar cf dgdedTfoUowed in a similar strain, dwelling" upon the dutlssl of mothers, andT the cafe of children sid family, giving excellent spiritual and practical advice and arging the sisters to persevere in the path of duty and obsdlenceahd rj1 ever be weary in well !; - doing.' Couarebr Hose ihen'occupied short , tme, in wIeb; 6e? f wle"most ronrgingfy to ; those engaged m the 'Relief Bodety, ano! ltve excellent advice toxoid and young( In the aftr-- . noon others 'pt the' PreaidenU rejporied the So--- ad-dress- ed f 9letyoverwliich they Slsl er E. B Wells addrWed the1 con gregaiipn, 'dwelling, in the" coaree of her remarkf-'uno- n ' hqmeyjpdua Ui es minii f'ac t qrei and f Jl tera tnre, x jC a Iriy It orw to xi d 1 P P1 V f alma and needs",, and other Vgenerallma tiers. -- BUterj VVoodrcff imd .RIchardi each upon In of BIsterB Leonard feres B subjects t, and epecial and Birkdell ; pccnpled:a Vbortimtj ind Coun. i .CJark spoke rry : earnestly ano Impr??si?ely upon the slgtus of. the timet, and exhorted all to keep the commandments; of Godi aThcoafer- nca" Adjourned Jot- three hmcntca. : Elasmgt . :r: ;;: i Bensdistlca by CrouiKzraiE CtesksA . fc -- ike t . - ; 