T -- ill'. . 1 -- ? 1- t - im ixT nn ' ' 't '' - 14. ' MOR- - ant home scenes in whifch I have participated, and think of the many cheerful- winter eve- nings spent in my girlhood, when 'seated with ray dear ones around the large open fireplace, , I'm a daughter of Utah for here I was born; I am gay and and bright as the morn. the remember don't quite J dreary old days' When crickets and grasshoppers, black ones and grays, Ate up the potatoes, the barley and wheat, . And left the Pioneers very little to eat. I 7 piled high with the crackling logs blazing and dancing lighting up the faces of that happy group, I have listened for hours to interesting anecdotes and sad experiences of my parents, which they took pleasure in relatiog for our amusement and edification, -- pointing out little instances here and there in their experience, which we 'could profit by and improve upon. It is to this period of life we refer with sweet and tender raemoies, and ineffaceable inimpressions are made upon the mind, which fluence very materially the thoughts and deeds. of more mature years. Home is. of all places on earth,-thspot which should approach nearest to what we believe heaven to be, and the laws and princi ples which result in making that the coveted boon of mortal existence, ana to which an look forward as the reward of patient toil, are those which should enter largely into the -- formation or governmen t of the earthly home so far as human beings understand and apply and reflection and reason them. It d, can't say I know for myself, understand, How their children went barefoot all over the land, How meat was unknown for three-fourtof the year, frost took it the corn ere reached roasting ear, And How wild roots and berries were5 hunted for food, And men went by twos with their guns after wood. ' - f hs . ,"' Before I was' born all these things passed away; Our fathers and mothers held starvations at bay, They planted the shadetrees, the rattlesnakes killed, And built some large granaries and got them well filled. "And railroads and telegraphs, too, they have made, And of the poor Indians are no more afraid. Schoolhouses and 'churches I see everywhere, Wherever I turn all looks pleasant and fair; ' The old folks are cheerful, after all they have done, And the children,-- 1 tell you," are jolly as fun;" The good times we have can never be told, " X. Oh often 1 wish 1 might never grow old! e -- 'xj is-sai- mentioned schoolhouses well I've learned to read For books and newspapers, I have a great greed; But some things I read make me feel very "sad. For I think if they're true then-sopeople are bad; For to leave a poor baby, all alone in the night, " On somebody's doorstep, can never be rights I me And when the folks living there wont take it in, But send it on further, I think that's a sin; And when of such children a hundred or more Are sent to one place just built for the poor, I think that the fathers and mothers out there Are nothing like ours, and I'm glad I live here. ji read of poor children who live in the street, Except what they beg for they've nothing to eat, No parents or friends to surround them with care, And only th raggedest clothing to wear; And I wish. Oh I wish! they to Utah could come, - For I know in a week each would find a good home. I . I've heard that some folks call the Mormons, a set Of dreadfully wicked, bad people; and yet - , -I don't hear them quarrel and mention bad names, Tell lies and the name of our Maker profane; They work and they study, to God bow the knee, And love boys and girls; and that satisfiesme. Lu Dalton. No. 7. d, I do not fear to say that to a greater or less degree this failing binllulged in the majority of homes, and has been the cause of much misery and unhappiness, for if a visitor of a few hours can feel the unpleasant influence, how much more effect must it have upon.those who daily experience it As a natural consequence, it deadens the sensitive feelings, hardens the heart, and to a deplorable extent banishes love and unity of feelings from the home circle in which it is indulged. I have known instances where parents have wondered why their children were desirous of leaving home, why they seemed ta find more pleasure in other places than their own homes,, when their parents would do almost anything to contribute to their amusement Mothers, the trouble lies mainly in this fact that I have mentioned. And often, quite often, very serious results have occurred through this too prevalent, though Soften unconscious error. So much depends upon the mother's influence, and next to her, the daughter's and sisters in making the home pleasant and attraca good tive, that I felt the subject would-b- e the for for and suitable one an essay Young as the subject is an Ladies Association. And ' important one, and one, too, that opens into a field of thought that in almost endless, I trust these few lines and the hints thrown out, may spring forth and result in good to us all. corroboratethe statementrthat "order is heavr en's first law." So also should it be the first law inthe home. Where there i3 disorder and confusion the Spirit of God cannot abide, and M.H.T. peace, loveand happiness cannot be fouud. The old adage, "A place for everything and everything itsvplace is a homely one, but AN OCEAN VOYAGE. it is one that effects materially the gOod order of a home and the joyofits inhabitants. It always makes a great difference as to what Aerain we believe thatselfishness must be he circumstances are under which a thing is rooted from the heart, the temper brought un written. You have asked for a description of an dor control, and all the baserxelementsof ocean voyage. Here are two equally truthful, our nature brought into subjection, and charity, but vastly differentis the feelings, of the writer brotherly love, kindness, and all tne virtues were different. The first was written highly cultivated, ere we can hope to find a The second while sailing up the chtn- place in the habitation of our Heavenly Father; when the day was warm, the sea smooth so also should the same evil3 be overcome, the pnel, outlines of land were plainly visible. same virtue substituted therefor, in the andthe NP1. earthly home, if we desire or expect it to be The romantic never tire reading of the the haven of rest, the peaceful, happy abode which the name of home should ever imply. beauties of thev ocean. Yet even as good a And this can only be accomplished by the in thing as the sea, becomes monotonous after a en time. One who dividual efforts of every member of the house eight or nine days hold. friends without and with very on the water, There is one thing that should be especially few agreeable companions decidedly apt to cultivated in the home, and that is refinement sigh for a sight of land for due more look at hills and valleys, for wooded heights looking good language, gentle, kind manners, respect for the feelings and desires of others and every far into the azure sky, or even for the bare i3 thing which contrary to this,or would tend to and brown and barren soil, and the desire for coarseness or vulgarity, should be banished a sight of mother earth is materially heightened far from the heart and home, and never al by the sensation peculiar to those who have lowed to abide for a single moment under its not been blessed with what travelers ca!L"sea roof. legs," but what might more appropriately be There is nothing that upsets a home, and termed a "sea," or, using a synonym, a "cast-iro- n causes more discontent and dissatisfaction there8tmoach." The rapture of a sea voyage in than the evil which we find very prevalent, would doubtless be greatly enhanced were one I regret to say, of scolding, fretting and fault: conscious of the power to land at his sweet finding. I have been in many homes whero willj but the enforced agony is the "rub," and" everything was scrupulously neat and clean, it is this that causes the weary watcher of the the members of the household . were intelliwave to chafe. Byron was right, and one can- gent and refined, and yet 1 have felt thankful heartily endorse his utterances, when is cor wheu my visit was ended and it was time to rectly accented the oft quoted passage: leave the house. And why? Because the. There is a pleasure in the pathless woods, mother (which is often the case) or some one There is a rapture on the lonely shore; of the family, was scolding, fretting, or findThere is society where none intrudes ing fault with some . one or something, until I By th deep sea, and music in its roar." felt weary and glad to leave: otherwise I should have enioved nrolone'inp' mv visit, as ofttimes The raptu re of the ocean is . st rictly con o o , , j j the associations with thfi family nnd infer- - fined to the shore. "A life on the ocean wave is no doubt a very delightful thing to those who change of ideas was pleasant and agreeable. mid-ocea- n. . V'.-.- - has-be- - HOME. It has : SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER L, 1885. . Z A LITTLE GIRL'S VIEW OF THE light-hearte- - of the Women of Z'ion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. The Rights Vol, ; been very wisely remarked that in order to fully appreciate the blessing and comforts of life,-- it is necessary for a person to be deprived of them for a time. Who can mX .much appreciate the chetTrful home fireside the .association with parents and as those who have been separated fromfriends,' them' for a season, and called to face the hard cruel world alone, away from the kind, cheerful laces and helping hands of the loved one? il,ome. 13 the haven of rest to which we flee wnen the day's work is done. Here we can rest in quietness and peace; with none to molest or disturb us, and where we can rt and Stance when needed.always What is so cheerful a'sight as to see father, mother, brothers and sisters surrounding the bright and cheerful hearth, each happy in the other "a love, and all contented with their lot? x look back with much pleasure to some pleas - --- --- , -- -- 