WOMAN'S EXPONENT. them. privilege of naming five others, to assist e people fypki; maMvppA: th e persec.uti ons land are enduring-- and said encouraged all to persevere, for those who would, inherit a keep a celestial law might expect to. celestial glory.' Said what need the Saints care if even a heavy storm does come and- rock: them about, they have no fear as to the landing on safe jh . , man-'gdbtr-nfiMr- gs; ground. President Hyde put the motion of President to Petersen in reference to a committee of seven " ; vote, and it was unanimously carried. , then spoke a Bishop Anderson short time upon the duties and. labors of the sisters, and stated some of his views on the subjects that had been introduced during the meeting. President. Hyde. adjourned the Conference until the 19th of becember,-t- o be held at Ephraim.-Sin'gin- g, "For the strength of. the hills we bless thee." Benediction by Patriarch B.igler. After: meeting we had the privilege of gmS of-Kph- raim through the Temple and environs, and were much interested in alt that we saw and heard. Presi dent Maiben and.,wife invited us to drive out with them to.the "warm springs," a short distance out. on the, route to Mayfield., We accepted the invit!if tation wttH nlpnciirp nnrl thnrrmcrhlv -j a j pmnvprl romantic scenery, the hills and vales, the fields of grain, and the new mown hay with its ever grateful frairranceaU added lo ihe consciousness of pleasure,"and for the time we gloried in the beauties of nature. In the evening wehad apleasant call from Mr. Harrington, editor of the Manti -- " 1 1 j- Sentinel new enterprise i n that Iocali ty. The Young Ladies' Conference of Sanpete Stake convened on Saturday morning, September 12th, Miss Helen Armstrong presjding. Minutes of the previous' Conference were read by the secretary, Mrs. Parley Petersen, and general remarks were made by the young President calculated to give encouragement. Most excellent remarks were made by Mrs. f-- z. Mary Piichforth to the young ladies upon im- -. proving and educating their minds. One of. the counselors of the Central Board being present, spoke upon true womanhood, gave excellent advice, and counseled the girls to qualify themselves to be good and true wives and mothers, and spoke of the motto of the Association being improvement, and perfection the aim. The secretary read an essay on fashions, etc., which was very creditable. Mrs. E. B. Wells spoke of . the method of con, ' ducting the meetings, urged the secretaries to make their minutes brief and as perfect as possible, entreated the young girls to be prompt in every duty, and be careful what company they kept, avoid all excesses and the keeping of late hours, which very often led to evil. Spoke of the influence young ladies might exercise upon society, and advised them to set up a high standard of excellence to attain to. Miss Olive Lowry recited in a very expressive manner a poem entitled "One Stalk of Wheat." President Maiben gave a brief address, exhort ing the young girls to improve the opportunities now afforded them of. laying up wisdom and knowledge, arid alluded to the subjects which had been treated upon. Remarks were made suitable to the occasion by, Patriarch Bigler. r ran k av or mar c a pw cmn pH re marks at the close of the meeting,,giving the young girls some excellent advice. Singing and benediction. Primary Conference at 2 p. m., Mrs. Helena" Madsen presiding. The exercises of the children were well rendered, and the singing was heavenly. We expect hereafter to publish in detail the exercises. The same evening we attended a general meet ing at Ephraim, in their large and commodious I ' . . i-i- 1 - . 61 : meeting Jiouse ; a very full attendance of brethren " and sisters. ""S u ndayTfiortving. V i sited ;'th e1 S u n d ay Schools of the North and South Wards; Ephraim, and in " the evening met with the Young Ladies' Association and Relief Society at Moron. Monday. We met- with the Relief Society at Nephi at 1.2 a. m., and dined at the residence of Mrs. Rebecca JUdall, with quite a pleasant party of ladies . A ltogetli er the visit to Sa n pete wa sa very pleasant affair, and we shall ever remember the kind people we have met and associated with in that Stake of Zion. : . . - FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE. Mr s. Emmeline B. W ells: It would give me great pleasure Dear Friend land that f to send you a few lines from this : far-of- would be" interesting to 'the- 'readers of the E x 10 n E n , b u t as I am not gifted in that direction you will have to look for that merit from some other source. I can, however, tell you that the Exponent comes to us as a most welcome visitor in a strange and foreign land. We prize it not t mounioojK our dear ones are onjyas a messengercomingTresh -, between 1 and 3 p. m., and in the evening there is ; a meeting for th.e foreign Elders and, their families, occupied by generally held in the mission-housreading the Scriptures and commenting ther eon. The reading of the Scriptures is joined in1 by both the brethren and sisters, and is in English, but the singing and prayer is generally done in the native language, so as to aid the Elders in their study thereof. There is a very efficient female Relief Society at Laie, of which Sister Kapo . .. ... . t rT J C Keaaicoio is me rresiueni, anu oisier rvaananur and Napapale are her counselors. Sister Hana Naihe is the secretary and Sister Kekuewa Moses the treasurer. There are three other societies on this island, at Kahana, about eight miles from here, and at Honolulu and Waikiki. There are also one or m ore so cieties e a c h - o nJ h e i s I a n d of I la w a i i , Maui, Molokai, and Kauai, all in more or less efficient working condition. At the last April Conference the General Presidency of the Relief Society for the mission were chosen as follows: E. Farf, President; Kaheaana Kealakaibonua and Esther Kalua Coles, counselors. The two counselors, who are very faithful and intelligent native sisters, recently returned n from visiting the Relief Society of Ifawaii, a conference over which Brother R, V. Miller is presiding, consisting of the district of Kohala Hamakua and Hilo, where they organized and reorganized several branches, some of which had become a little dilapidated for the need of proper care and pruning. They contemplated making a trip on the same business-durin- g this month to the island of Kauai. Their expenses are borne by the Relief Society, and as these sisters are excellent speakers, and possessed of more than ordinary intelligence, and of an excellent spirit, they are very efficient missionaries, as well as faithfuL laborers in the society. . At this place (Laie) there is a very commodious and convenient frame building, erected by .the organizations of the islands, designed lor the assistance and convenience of such as might need, a temporary dwelling place on coming to the gathering place, until they coulcPmake permaneut arrangements for themselves, and for the general purposes of the Society at headquarters. I am happy to say we are all in the enjoyment of good health, and peace and the good spirit seems to prevail. God bless you and the Exponent, and all the faithful a.nd true hearted in Zion. May the dark clouds of persecution which seem to be gathering e, 1 - 1 T ! I . ' 1 . ' ; . north-easter- tain home, where so many of but as a valued and interesting companion and Our friend, and an instructor of great worth. foreign society here is very limited, and more so at present than usual, as nearly all the Elders are out among the people on this and the other islands laboring in their callings as missionaries, while the President and two or three brethren in charge of important interests on the plantation, and three foreign sisters with our little children, are all that remain. oh the place, in company with the little colony of native Saints, most of whom have gathered here from other parts of the islands. Brother Farr has the general oversight and management of this mission, and of the business of this plantation. Brother Jos. S. Hyde, one of the sons of the late Apostle Orson Hyde, is teaching an English school here at the gathering place, and has about 49 pupils; all except one of these are Ivaiian children from six to eighteen years of age, and many of them are bright and intelligent, and are making commendable progress in their study of the English tongue. . Brother S. Allred has charge of the live stock of the plantation, and furnishes the colony, especially those employed on the plantation, with the principal part of theii beef. 1,1 .1 Brother A. Westly is the "master mechanic," uwtMicsi uvcr um lair iana, mreatenmg devastation and sorrow, soon be dispersed by the over and finds ample, employment in keeping the ruling power of God, in whom we trust, and yet machinery, farming implements, etc., etc., in runshower blessings upon the heads of the faithful, ... ning order. instead oflhedestruction which they now threaten finest looking meeting The Saints here have-the is my earnest prayer. house that I have seen on this islandoutside of Very Respectfully, Your Sister in the Gospel,, Honolulu. It is certainly a credit to the place ' x J. and the builders. S . I 1 Laie, Oahu, ., Aug. i2d, 885. Their old meeting house is now being" used . j , , principally as a s'chooUhouse, but still serves for Priesthood meetings, testimony meetings, meetYOUNG JOSEPH. and for various the of associations, ordinary ings purposes.. Meetings are held in the large new Young Joseph as he is called; is at the present house from 10 to 12 every Sabbath morning and time in Utah, and because' he is ths son of the in meet old Saints the m. from 8 'to-5 p. for prayer and testimony; house These enough wish to see and hear him mainly because meeting services are always conducted in the Hawaiian he is the son of the Prophet Joseph. But although he is the son of the Prophet, he is at the language, the congregation being almost excluI notice that the native people, sively natives. present time at the head of a Church composed; be to seem both men and women, very fluent and mostly of apostates from the true Church of I never have seen either man Christ and our avowed enemies "seeking in our yet ready speakers. midst whom they may destroy'. or woman falter" for a word or hesitate in giving They are, or the most of them, are apostates of expression to their thoughts. They are evidently the darkest hue. They have not only apostatized great talkers, and are verv earnest and emphatic from the true' Church but they seek to destroy it in their gestures, but I will not now try to describe and Besides the the people. agitate a warfare against the people of God general meetings on the 8 is School held who to from have retained their faith in theGospeE Sabbath, Sunday 9.30 a. m., Mutual Improvement Associationsmeet The josephites claim to be guided by . 1 1 1 -- ' . - " 