A ;.;.! 111'' m W O M AN In .the jiM for some lime pat been cfflclating to take a Logan Temple She expects shortly trip to Cascade Fall, . Oregon, where her od, L'eut Wiliard Young, i3 at pmen t Snow Smith's, birthday istek Eliza-It- . a ged ,of I very quleUf 8ae received those who called to congratulate feer in her parlor at the Lion House. The honored lady has now reached : the advanced age of 81 years. Her health issex' unimpaired; Indeed her ctllnt, raemoryjieems as bright aud perfect as evor,nd her m'nd as elaar and active as It ever has been; bhft still continues to write and works more hoars In the day tban roost y rung people. We ciDgratnlite Sister EHz on reaching her eighty-fir- st yew and hope 8b.s miy have many happy returns of the day, with health and prosperity " " and happiness. . -- her-faculti- -- es THE JUDGMENT OF Til a TlRRITOHrAL SUPREME COURT AFFIRM ED. C:urt, has rendered polygamy, case a The Supreme decision in the 19. of - RuJger - Clawson, jtiiaLt vs. the United States, from the Supreme Court, of Utah ap- - an appeal Clawson: found guilty by a having been Jury of the crime cf pilvgamy, and unlawful cohabitation, wai duly sentenced to pay a fine aggregating 58C0 and imprisonment for four years. He appealed to the Supreme Court of the Territory, and pending judgment on such appeaJ, applied to the Court that tentetcei-hifor release, upon suitable b nds. The judge denied applicationron thegrojud that the defend ant ought not to be admitted to bail aftef conviction and sentence, unlets some extraordinary Clawson thereupon reason had been given. habeas of sued out a writ corpus In the Supreme Court of the Territory, and prayed- for itieaee upon the ground that the Court below had unlawfully refused to admit him to ball. The Supreme Court overruled the petition and rfmand. ed the prisoner to the custody of the Marshal, whereupon he took the present appeal to this curt. This court holds that inasmuch as the Judgment of the Tnird Judicial Court, In wh'ch the prisoner was tried, did not impose upon him a fine only, but aLo imprisonment, hia admission tfr bill, pending appeal from that j udgment, la uisiinciiy commuted Dy ine jawa ui uiau iu iuo discretion ofthe court or Judge to whom application for bailmay be made. The Supreme Court of U ah was therefore, right in overruling tha petition and remanding the prisoner to the custody of the Marshal, and its judgment is appellant, - affirmed. Justices Miller and Field dissentec WATCHER 3, WHAT OF THE HOUR? "The Lord, He la God 1" for myself I acknowli edge no pther pt.wer; He has Hia agents opposing elements there must U and we see them at work, The Favlor said: ''It must needs be that offences C"me,bat woa be to tbenfby whom .tbey come." Some rejoice to do evil, njo'ce to afflict the righteous; such are ready instruments for theifleLCee he m?d hence we tee there is no injustice, for all iuy choose their own path, therefore in theday oi judgment they will stand with their band ou their mouth, they preferred works of darkness rather than light, therefore -- they have their reward; their own be their judga. conscience--wi- ll We live In a day and an hour when the most d must have their momenta of eeri- - light-minde- EN f . ous thought,! refer to L. D S. especially, tu.cug'i the thinking minds of the orl 1 are aho at ih 'te ' time poed to their full tension; but we have done with the world. The Church and King-doo!a.zd 8ouc wold,Cin"tuit i full oc-..cupalion for a true L. D. S. first to lock to th eoif elves, that their own door ttep is clean," and their own hearth bright and shining, made so by a good heart, an eye tingle and a con-icienee void of oflense towards God and towards His creatures. The rath of Saints was never ' in any ae, a - ptbr of ro sel, only such a s the sunshine of the Hjly Spirit c m cauce thm to produce and strew day by dy on their ini-viJupathway, and this thty have the tacUnd the power to acc.mpliehso that itis the wTnnth and the sunshine and the fragrance of the same ' that beautifies the'r life and makes even the thades to be illumined One would imagine'such a people would be beloved, would be admired as ' worO y of imitation,' especially y those calling themrelves Christians. Strange, passing strange that such should excite tcenvy, hatred, malice and air un bariiablenes8" in these "oithodox . m " " al It IMPORTANT DECISION. Washington, January 'S EX p 0 Christians " they get possession cf home, the hud of w ich bad been prepared by the LI) B., hnd in ead cf stretching out the hand of neigh bo hoed tby fjem the first laid p'ani to 'oust the Mormcca'' and usurp their hemes and their posfessionfjand not only so, but abqse, maHgnj' tradt c," even barifge Cangtees to raiee tie iron band upon this InUustricuv faithful, Ipyal people, and! strip them of those rights the glorious Constitu- tion guarantees to all beneath her flag. ' Wl y i8 thit? The Innccfnt, hocesUmiiidtd abk. Read the history of Cbritt while cn the earth and it you will see hletcry repeats i self."-Y- et solution-nothinelse can give of the g gives a wherefore and why that this people are now so "cruelly f ert ecuted. If infidels require a test of the truth of ancient Scripture, let thim r ad the history of the latter day ort CQri8i,i Church upon the earth, and their minds muit be ojsque indeed if they do hot see history i ej. eating ijsel', even like the voice of revelation Like these of old the saints cry out, Lord, how long? Give U3 strength to endure to the end. Hannah T. King. . TH Let me take the Stay are such New Testament and see bow C.nrist urganlzad Hia church on earth during His brief m'ssion on the eame, I read and real zj that modern Chrlstianiiv i? a libel, almost a burlefque; ye: qaite a burlesque, when I consider it in all its phases, a mere ghost of that pure, simple, unadorned church of which Christ laid the foundation, and then in His own person established Itsdiving principlep. All who read its records intelligently must know' that "comparisons are . odious" in such a review. y centu-is simply a The problem of the 19th restoration of ihjs ldent:cl church, with all its rights and ordinances and endowments estah. lished again upon the earth by the Lord Him self calling out a youth as His Prophet, and teaching him by His own mouth and Spirit how His church upon the earth. again to Cbrit-tianb- -- ? Jy embraced ir, souls thousaads-gla- d that were hurgerlrg and thirsting for the word of G)d. But there and then rote up the oppoting spirit and drove out the embryo church again into the wilJernefS. They traveled to a desert of sagebruih far aw ay from civilization and there tluy laid the foundation of a city and of a territory without g id simply by the "sweat of the brow"apd the intt lligence that God had freely given them; and by the aid of His Spirit upholding the tq for of a years they continued building homer, place of saints, worship, and 1t was for years a home as far. aa human nature can attain that title. or-silv- No saloon, no house of ill fame, no place for ein toestablieh itself contaminated Its foil; peace, union and sobriety reigned within its borders, It grew, it increased in knowledge, wisdom and sent abroad; understanding; missionaries were doves the honest poor, and some rich rushed las God TToVi hepnrfift b name o ice wiuuuw.,m j Smiled upon her and blest the labors of the nae Aurau honest, who left their hpmes and pre. old to serve and worship Him exactly down while on His cieely as the Savior laid brief mission to this earth. - Thousands from every land and clime flocked acto the standard erected in the mountains, the one cording to ancient prophecy. Utah, word floitlng upon her banner; when behold those who smelt gold and they were invaded Inbythis wonderful ts riches of all kinds ss of rushed in with their merchand establhhed the saloon as every kind; soon they baho d the a necessary appendage, and soon, our streets, and demi monde flaunting through its appendages, and then came the railroad with bo was changed-a- nd the very face of nature lah. Mer-chan- His Saints; they sr, preserved forever: but the teed of the wicked shall be cut dY." "The righteous shall inherit the Jand, and dwell thered in forever." "The wicked watcheth the seeketh to slay him.", PsaJm3 37th c oapter, 9.;h and 32n J verse. O ! how great are the,prcml?es of the Lord to the righteous. The Psalm'st again says, ,I have notseea them forsaken nor their sied begg'ng bread." These are the diys of repentance and tumiog away from sin, that we may become a sanctified people, waiting fdr the Lord's appear-io- g. right-eousan- 'zs d : for the Lord lovtth judgment and foreafeeth not . preacht-- - They say, "Who teeth ui arjwhoknoweth -Ui?" God knows and sets ail thing, and all thing1 that wed) hetaki s cogu zatcs of, and we "are rewarded for the daeds d Jne in the bjdy, ' whether they be gocd or evil." " How necsary, then, that we do right and not transgrtss God's laws 8nd commandments, for He cannot look upon sin with the lea9t de gree of allowance. If we go into the secret chamberto commit sin the word of the Lord " say, "It shall ba revealed upon the hoaee top', - Thi Qoi's truth was WAY OP THE TRANSGRESSOR 13 HARD." ' .' Acts, 3 d chapter, 20th verre: "And He shall fead Jesus Carist, which before was preached un'o you." 11 Whom the htavens must receive until the time of the restltutlou cf all thin?s which Gcd hath spoken by the mouth of His Holy Prophets since the world began." And as the men of Galileo were looking up Into heaven the angels said, "This same Jeeu which is taken up from you into heaven shall so ccmeln like manner as ye have seen Him go into hea- " Ten.'-L- - to the Now, the Lord has baen very merciful Inhabitants of the earth, and sent His holy are now angels to warn them of Judgments that of their sine, coming thick and fast, to repent for Hia accept of the true Gospel and prepare coming again to the earth. It seems, indeed, strange to me that people will persecute the Latter-da- y SaintP, t ecause they promulgate the Saints. The true Gospel of the former-daPriesthood had to bo restored by revelation, atd Jo eph Smith. He received the plates was-- to and on whxh the Book of Mormon way written, translated it by the gift aad power of Gxl. The which TJrlm and Toummin he received also, and a great Cons itut d him a seer and reveb'or, of .mankind. God gave prophet to the world of doctrine, of prin. hmTthe man on the earth He ciples and history, of any y greatest-knowledg- e 