The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. V. Vol.' 14. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER WHAT WOMAN'S LOVE CAN DO. with righteousness than great revenues "without Edward the First, King of England, was dangerously wonnded in the itHoly wxr" by a poisoned arrow. Queen without-regarto own his her d wife danger, Eleanor, This good action made sucked the poison Jrom the woundi her greatly beloved, and when she died grand crosses were erected in remembrance of her wherever the hearse, that carried her remains, stopped to refresh the attendants, Only one remains , and it is in a ruinons condition. , , sing of love, exalted and supreme, ' The love.of woman and a regnant queen; Elena, loving wife of Edward, one Their kingdom England, and, their royal home. I , Weil may such love as hers call from above A smile from Him, whose attribute is lovel iSuch love will surely ope the door of" heaven, And for its guerdon frailties be forgiven-- . '. His wife was near when lie to battle went, Watching with heart and eye the grand event, her loved one to her tent was borne-B- y poisoned arrow had his flesh been torn! When lo! A "Leech" declares there must some one be found, One who will suck the poison from the wound; The royal life was ebbing fast away , Oh, awful cloud o'er that eventful day! Cut who will cast their life on such a dye? A ve,ry angel, listening, hovers nigh; ''Teachmy unpracticed lips how to proceed,. And I, in God and love, will do the deed! " "Edward, my husband, God a strength will give, My loving soul, that England's king may live.'' His arm enfolds her, and a deadly groan Tells his deep anguishdn the words, "My own!" The deadly gash she clasps with her sweet lips. From out the wound the rancorous poison strips; "He lives! he lives! Edward, my king, will live, Thro' God's blest aid his life restored, I give!" - Words are all vain, and language spoils to tell Such act angelic but 'twill ever dwell in England's archives;o yes, that noble queen Still lives on history js page with holy sheen, . And when this queen had passed her life's last day, Where the hearse staid, that bore her form away ,7 A cross was raisd, to tell the sacred dust Had for one night been held in holy trust. Centuries are fled, long years have come and gone, Yet still one cross remains in mouldering stone. And all who pass still gaze with tear and sigh, Remembering her, whose love can never die. Immortal are such deeds, they know no death, They are of heaven, fed by heaven's brath; Illumin'd missal of th' historic page, That keeps the volume bright from age to age. Salt Lake City, Oct. 13, 1885. Hannah T. King. HUMILITY. right." 1 , ; haughtiness . Then dare We assume and false pride when we have such an assurance that it incurs the displeasure of our Father in heaven? Quoting from Matthew, 18th chapter, "At the same time, came theIisciples unto Jesus, saying: Who is the greater in the kingdom of heaven? And Jesus called a little child unto Him, and set him in the midst of them, and said: Verily T say unto you, except ye be converted and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven." Then how important it js that we do as He bids, and humble ourselves even as unto a little child. Yes,it is actually necessary for us to cultivate humility of character, in order and holy If we that'.lwemay.be ever-pur- e will do this, it will not only please our Father in heaven, but we will appear much more refined, cultivated and original. 1j Please know,r humility of heart Does to our sex new charm imparl." ''. Who of U3 had not rather meet with a person with a pure, sweet, humble spirit, than one of those cold, haughty natures, that seem to be always saying, "Don't touch or come near, I am better than you!" Such a one may dress and flaunt, but they never seem beautiful. A good, magnanimous disposition .3 worth far more than haughtiness brought on from conceit ot one s own worth. We cannot be wafted to heaven in chariots of gold, but instead, must ne aown in our grave wnn a meeK, prayeriui spirit, or we will not be accounted worthy to enter the courts of heaven. In these critical times how necessary it is that we, as women of Zion, as mothers and wives-o- f the holy Priesthood, should lay aside bur worldliness and love of wealth and display and set the example of hu mility before our children, that we may not be the cause 01 their going astray. ' Walking, along the streets in the city, the prophecies spoken of in Isaiah, 3rd chapter, are most forcibly brought to mind the fulfil ment of them concerning the women of Zfon m the last days are plainly to be seen. Even little children will make such a display of themselves that it grieves ones heart to be- fiold. The question will arise, What are their mothers thinking of? Children apparently ten or fifteen years older than what they really are. All too early they have learned to love display of dre33, and carry themselves with a haughtiness not becoming to them. .Who has taught them this? Djes.thb please our Hea venly Father? We know it does not. Then let us beware and take heed, lest we be treading on miry grounds and sink deep ere we find out our mistake. Sisters, the most beautiful jewels a women can adorn herself witli are humility, virtue, modesty and intelligence. They contain no dross, but are the real, genuine metal. Adorned with these, the most homely face will" reflect forth the soul within, until it appears really beautiful. Ida. ' . men-holdi- ng - ; "Humility eldest born of virtue, And claims the birth at the throne of heaven." is 1 What! claims its birth at the throne of And dare we do otherwise - than to v t t i 1t r . o iiiasi "umuic um&etves ueiortJ our vreaior; am afraid that the hearts of many of us are far, far from being meek and humble. Wealth and position cause many of the weaker minded ot our sex to forget-th- e example Jesus has set before us, or the commandments Jhat He has caused to be written out for us to follow after. In the language of the Bible. "Every one that is proud iu heart is an abomination to the Lord. Though hand join in hand he shall pot be unpunished." Again, "Better is littl No. ,1885. 11. in persecuting, robbing and heaping all man- -, nerof iniquity ..upon God's chosen ones. But, "blessed are ye when men shall revile you, persecute, you, and say all manner of evil against you, falsely, for my sake, for great is your reward in heaven." Many of us are struggling with poverty and trials of various kinds, but this should not prevent us from seeking eternal riches. We should seek to obtain the most favorable position for perfecting and elevating our lives and charac-- . ters. As Saints of the most high God, this is a duty we owe to ourselves, to society and to our Gqa, throughwhom we derive pur being. We should "endeavor to become intelligent beings, growing in grace, and in the knowledge of the truth of the divine Gospel. The most illiterate may be elevated, sanctified and ennobled.. by the Spirit and the divine word of God. If the love of Christ dwells in our hearts, we will not be content to keep a low level, and will not ' associate with those who will have no influenco 7 to" increase our aspirations after knowledge or holiness. May wo not unite with the ungodly. The wicked are wholly absorbed in the things of this life; they forget the claims of their. Maker, and think only of . ; The pure in heart will not pursue such a course, but will set an example, and influence to win the. ungodly from selfish aims and sensual indulgence, to higher motives and purer joys. We are living in a mo3t solemn period of earth's history; the divine judgments are again to be poured out upon the world; the prophet declares that God's people arc not in darkness, and the day of wrath shall not overtake them as a thief. . We should be Saint3 of mo3t serious thoughts and earnest prayers. The pure and undefiled religion of Jesus Christ satisfies the cravings of the mind, ennobles the aspirations and purifies, the heart. When the love of Christ is formed within, the hope of glory and the true ' joyous life of the soul begins. "Those who feed upon tho bread of life will become strong and vigorous to labor for God's kingdom and for their fellow men. God's word, declares that our Savior is soon to come in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory; we aro admonished to watch and pray for, His appearing. The ministers of the various sects are teaching that the reckoning day of God will hot come for thousands of years, and while the world is wrapped in darkness and wilful unbelief, the night of gloom is fast approaching. .Let us, who are of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, be sober and upon the watch tower. By the intensity of our faith and the purity of our love, let us show we believe in God the Father and .His Son Jesus Christ, who is soon to act as Judge," our King and law-givr. When He comes He will reward us according to our works; to those who have been faithful it will be said, "Well done, good and faithful servant, enter into tho joy of ....... .. ... . :. z:z thy Lord." ., -- : self-gratificatio- n. . e . . M. HOLDEN. , Parley's Park. " 'Brattleboro' in Verse and Prose."a volume compiled; by Mr. Cecil NHampden Howard, of 'the Astor Librarv.' New Y ork. will be issued" earlv in November frnm the nublishinj? rooms of Frank E. Housh, of Brattleboro'. It will contain selections from Mrs. Helen Jackson, Fanny Fern, Wallace Bruce, General J. W. Phelps, Colonel T. W. Higgiuson andothcrs." . A FEW EVENING REFLECTIONS. The wicked have brought sore "trials upon us, but woe! woe! to them by whom they come. While we, a few of God's chosen ones, are striving to obey God3 divine laws, and keep His commandments, the sinners in Zion delight -- - 