' ion such a serious lack of rhythm in the noble instrument. 1 ADDRBSSEb TO Tn" - tlDT A BniDDINO KEAL TEABS , BE PET Ikvj "urATrrr if, DATH ?' dogmatic Thy mlstreis weeps thy doom t L L tcrael death should thus dlsplaeo v. TbyloTlng form so toon. - TTlum Wert dogmatic in thy Iotb, uoyowwu iona and trne; And all her acts did fully pro y r- you. : :i - . ' ..viia , As faithful. lorlng and as kind As him she's seen depart. I own ha was a pretty dog " As e'er a dog could be, One fit to hold in memory's - "log," - ' . But yet I own my lore goes out Nerer to dog or cat: " I like to see them run about ' The bouse and grounds; "and that, " . . Eternal entity! ' " l-- vi - . d Gypsy.'.1 form they appear, are drawn miraculously true to nature, and herein she shines as the true artist, and displays, throughout her works, her own wonderfully observant, intuitive and instinctive soul. She is gone ! and we shall read her no more, see her no more, till we behold and hear her,in her own heavenly words, in the choir invisible, "Whoso music is the gladness of the world." - " . . ,' - "Beauty" Is still upon" the eartb, Where'er you turn your eyes; " Beauty has dally, hourly birth Then, dearest lady, look around And irr those eves of thine. , For lore like thine is bliss when found By those your seal says Mine. V nAXNAn T. Kinq. Bait Lake City. NOTES ON THE LIFE OF GEORGE ELIOT. " Editor Exponent; ..- - ' . ..- : -- - ; ; idolizing aifeetionr and attentionTina degree .enervated her. Her journey ings and foreign . travel seem to have amounted to a perpetual motion! : Another singdlar feature in her daily' lifo. is her often depression, even though surrounded by bright and wonderfully superior intellects, ministering to her and feeding her '..muid with fobd "convenient for it anoV assist- -; , , wan t o f confidence in her own ability id ac- - when she had a world of admirers at feet, for what she had written, besides realizing a handsome fortune by the same, were it any other than George Elio, I should exclaim, "What gross affectation!" A doubt of one's self is well known to v young: authors, of to those who experience a i paucity of 'commendation and simply "cast their iread upon the waters" and. j ust ting .the song, that nature impels, or inspires them to send forth.' Thersfimust Jiavei.Deen, some chords in that fine soul of hers that had not been drwvn to a harmonizing tension, to occas- fe Hannah T. King. Salt Lake City, April 6th, 1885. NOTES AND NEWS. Mrs. MasoD, once the wife of Charles Summer, has taken up a permanent residence in Rome." A son of Charles Dickens is a captain in the Canadian mounted police, and is in command of a post threatened by Kiel's rebel foroes. The "Woman's Realm" department of the Pittsburg Commercial Gazette, ably edited by Matilda Hindman, is widely quoted with friend- ly comments." - ng clear-heade- religious-minded- , strong-principl- d, George ed Eliot; but silence is her only commentary, and here, I think, she erred; for was not the step e took a? public one? Bid she not belong to t ' Imperial Public! I am proud to say she di : and that I am a .unit of the same, and jhajTthe ; public have dealt nobly and with her, showing their rich appreciation of her grand ability as. an author under-standing- . ly Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Bishop Spalding debate in the May number of the North American Review the- - auestion "Has Christianity Benefited .Woman? Mrs. Rosa H. Thorpe, the author of the popuresides lar "Curfew Must Not Ring at San Antonio, Texas, and talks of going to California to live. To-Nigh- t," -- . amal--gamat- &' soul-thrilli- : ; te law-maker- s, " ' The Empress Eugenie has written a book up-- : on the various recollections of her life, which will be issued immediately. Mrs. Helen M. Gougar will contribute an article to the New Era for May, descriptive of her recent journeyings in Cuba. deep-thinkin- Dear friend; I have, an houf ago, finished "The Life of George Eliot;" thanks," ever so many, for the loan of it. And now I suppose you will open your eyes when I say that I am disappointed I The fact is, I anticipated too mucL .I cannot think she ever dreamed, of the letters beinjr published; the sole material: is George Eliott i. e.,hermanuscripts,her eternal headaches, and ditto illnesses, through, which-"w- as displayed' "the miraculous affection that has chosen to watch over me." These are en- . ' tirelv her. own words,aud it seems to me this ven f complish another .work; her" ; ith For Totire sacrifice. Hl.i.iU , All George Eliot's characters, in whatever fault-findin- The dogs I leaTe without the wall, Where Scripture says they'll be, When that grand order rests on all :.; -- . r But glre me eer human love, Intelligent and kind, Inflated richly from above, And Interchange of mind. the common 'words And wishes of common epistolary correspondence it is seldom a new or startling idea presents Itself; it is true they abound in love. and i.friendship-tthose she is addressing, and who does not use the same that has any realizing sense of; those beautiful atUL Tx UlU.aU . .tributes? I am ft liQannninl turn, have a target, and I think Mr. Cross shall Bum iot mat, ana l will say i think he is not a suitoble biographer, and that another should have been selected for such a complex office; it is a very delicate position for the one nearest and dearest to . the departed to attempt its delineation, a3 they would be very apt to draw the picture through the lens of the admirable and the beautiful that existed in the character, forgetting that which every artiste remembers' and understands: the skadinn Mr. Cross probably realized all this and hence he gave her letters that she might speak for . would have been a just idea . herself, and that had she developed herself in them. I say this no spirit of g , in or caviling, but because I have so loved the works' of George Eliot, that I wanted to see her beautiful soul in the "inner chamber" of her life; this we scarcely get a glimpse of, and we lay down the book and , feel we have not seen the "lifted veil." Especially had I hoped that I should read some few words of her own upon that vital epoch of her voung life, upon which she such asilent, grand audacity, that amounts almost to the sublime! This is no inflated language when . we know her origin. Her father was a strictly religious, conscientious man, a sedate, respectable character honored and respected by the high and noble in rank and positionand by all whom he as-- : sociated with; that his house was one of 'order," that he reared his family in a strictly religious trainingr that this child was especially of a deg vout, mind, deeply imbued in religious tenets, strict! v virtuous, that all this early training is developed in her works; the beautiful prayers and aspirations they contain exhibit the living principle in her through life. Mr. Cross says her. mind was ever religious. This is also shown remarkably in her poems: but at an early age she became associated with minds of another caste, with regard to religious views, and soon after with Herbert Spencer, George Henry Lewes and others. Grand and great as were the minds of these men, their rerL ligious principleswere of the Comt6 schooI,and the contagion was inevitable. Still that, home religion could hot be entirely .extinguished in her adhesive soul, and we can well imagine the exquisite throes that agonized it, before she could bring herself to take so bold a step in defiance church of the law of. her country, and of been mother.' had her "nursing that said law of England! I boldthis of Apropos ly decls re it to be iniquitous! I mean the law that refuses a divorce under circumstances in which it is sin to oblige antagonisms to By such a law was G. H. Lewes bound, as well as many others.- - Let the take the responsibility of all the misery they have caused to "many pure and virtuous souls. It is upda this subject I so wished for a few words from the o I pray another domay find r A niche within her heart A cenotaph for thee, ' Her soul d Joner life is almost excluded "e Htiers- - ii ia her literary business that nils them.. Her letters to friends are simply " ra, "Beauty,'' TO by the handsome fortune' it laid at her feet by the purchase of hzc rks. England and America have united in being a nursing mother to her, and her name is blended on the emblazoned scroll with their literary immortals ! ii Her poems: most agreeably surprised me. iney are grand! '"me Ueatn of Moses, ArmL'art ." "How Lisa Ijoved the Kin?." are all filled with thoughts, words and deeds that ennoble the. author. ''The Spanish Gypsy" is also a wonderful painting of the awful beauty and- grandeur ot savage life and character. The origin of the Gypsies has sever --been involved in mystery; certainly they are a distinct race from a noble source, --denoting in their form-anfeatures a grand type ofhumanity; yet they are wanderers upon the face oi the earth, and .no government could, make . them otherwise; the earth is their eternal stage, and the blue firmament their curtain, they ask no other, they would accept no other. , Fedalma, in the beautiful palace in which she had been reared, yearning for the outer world, as a caged bird, is a grdphic picture of the genuine ' f . Jenny Lind has made a conditional promise to give a concert next summer in Norwich,Eng-land- , in aid of the Children's "Infirmary there, of which she is the founder." Y The Ohio Hospital for Women and Children at Cincinnati was established three years ago, through the efforts of two women physicians, Ella N. Kirk and Martha MayHowells. "In 18S2 there was a majority of five against the woman suffrage bill in the New York Assembly; in 1884; a majority of four. This year there was a majority of one in its favor, but it did not receive the G4 votes necessiry to pass any bill." i , 