V, 1 0M 1 P O N E N T. K X A N S I vri:e venture not .kEOwinir whether miles north wilt rv;Kh vim,- . jrrxu'ndcd prtaobt'rs cf.ihe Gc?vi took pars ia the. jvrecutliu ealliui:: av.p:cvvJ5 tieMv-ruthe common" of mankind,. and. nihcirisss.-- r ""0u the tUli of Novrvorneja and- - elilltlrea 7 ficdin every direction from th'e ; merciless mob. ' 0:z-:- t : ' ip.v --.-- they days, broad canopy of heaven, with about six men to protect them. Other parties tied to the Missouri River, and to lodgings for the night -- where they could find One vMrrrBehnetF house his for a night's sheltertoa wanopened distressed of woraehnd childering company dren who were fleeing to the river. During this dispersion of the women and children, par-tie- s of the" mob were hunting the men, firing upon some, tying up and whipping others, and some they pursued upon horses several miles." r . : '1 . Kimball. S. M. Mis. Sarah M. K imp, a ll B e a r Cousin: Yours of the 24th of August last, came to my home while' I was on a visit to Old Ply- mouth Bay, where thel Pilgrim Fathers firt landed, where I remained some time with rela-tiveAfter my return home your letter was handed me, and indeed it was a, sfrange message and from a strange messenger. 1 I did not write you immediately, for the reason I had not quiteall the. dates you requested. You ask to know of the honored s. . THE GRANGER FAMILY. PHELPS CITIZEN eir "dead, of the Granger family, birth, death, etc. I cheerfully comply so far as I have it, fordndeed we sprung from a noble ancestry. I copy the following from Elisha Granger's oi l Bible as it lies before me in his own hand writ: ' Aug-24.-lS- .beincr 1 failed to accom- " Oneimportant object that I had in visiting 'my native state, was to gather records of my kindred dead, could better explain to you j in person than on paper why I wish these records. I hardly hope to be able to make you comprehend the importance this matter has for me. .You must know something of the peculiar people with whomT have chosen to cast my lot. One of our peculiarities is, we build Tem- pics lu iue liuaitj oi me vjrou 01 neaven and eartn. lney are built at great expense and dedicated to .the Most High. We enter therein and attend to ordinances most sacred, for ourselves and such as we consider our worthy dead. For instance, last Tuesday I enjoyed the to me blessed privilege of entering . the Logan Temple font and being baptized by one having authority, for your mother, my great aunt, Sally Granger Case. Wednesday I received endowments and blessings in the Temple for and in her behalf. At a future time I hope to officiate in dealings. and further ordinances for her. The sealing ordinance is the eternal order of marriage, or marriage for eternity. To complete the record of my work I want you to send me the date and 'place of your mother's birth and death. We are so peculiar as to believe that what is properly done and recorded hi the Temples of our God will be recorded in heaven, and these are some of the books lrom which we shall be iuded. However absurd this mav annpnr tn vnn please gratify me by sending such names and dates of your branch of the Granger family, who are dead; as you can gather. s I learned in Phelps that you had pamphlet containing an account of the early settlers of that town. If you would be kind enough to send it to me I will return it' if you wish. Jf there is any one interested in me, my regards to them. i ,' ' V - Births of the children of Elisha Grander by. Sarah his wife ", Eiisba, bora Jcb. 2 3, 1W. ricrce, born Aug. 2i, 17(J'J. Elihu, born April 30, 1771.1 I S4. inSodus. :" I much desired in sv vnn kf. all seemed so strange" that plish it. ing: - J - - , , r In Memory of Hannah the wife of Eli6ha Grander Who departed this lifo Jane 2C, 1807, in the 73d year of her age. In Memory of Mr. Elisha Granger who died April 12,1321, aged 77 years, 'J months and 0 days, ; Xext I give the epitaph of your own dear grandmother: . . ray uncle Pierce and I regard them our worthy idead, -- Have you any lemple font and endowment blessing that could be secured in their behalf as well? They were both married here, one having three wives and the other two, but not but one at a time. Of course, l am not. aware of any celestial marriage, or whether there is any for men, if they are equally good. But so ar as I have been permitted in my limited experience to observe, I have noticed that those who took to themselves more wives than one were not con sidered to be the best type of men; this holds equally true among' the ministry in the different evangelical denominations. But you may have become acquainted with a better class of ministers among your "peculiar people," who are trvincr to obev the teaching that a Bishop should be the husband of one wife, etc. I have not the pamphlet of which you speakr" My grandfather's family were all born in old r .; information Simsbury, Conn. II is desired please ask, and if you ever come this way again I will be glad to see you, ' ' l:l-...:.- . , Yours, etc. 7 Gamaliel Case. . any-furthe- Sacred to the Memory of Mrs. Clarisa Granger tha wife of Pierce Granger, Esq., who died Aug., 1813, in the ' 40th . . year of her age. ' 2711, - -- ' Xext, the death of my grandfather's second wife, but I have no account of the death of his third wife. And then follows his own death who was your own great grandfather, as taken from the tombstones in the old burial ground in Vienna (Phelps), that he bought and gave to the Methodists Tor a church lot and burial the Methodist church stands on ground and . V tne same site to- . 1 This was a noble act 011 his part.IIe was converted under Jesse Lee, of Conn., and Lee gave him license to preach . I have often Keen the license : in; jjis old "family3iblerX,jbey.' brought up their family in' a Christian way under all the disadvantages of a hew country, he being with his three oldest boys; the second settler in the town of Phelps. That first summer in one of the settlements a person died and our grandfather, preached the funeral sermon, the first one ever preached in Phelps, which was in 1789. But in the fall they went back to Connecticut, and. did not move on with their families until the next year. - Our grandfather bought 1000 acres in Phelps and ,1000 acres in Sod us and placed his children on his lands; but this was not enouglffor him to do. He and hh wife would" get up meetings in private houses, and camp" meetings, .for at that time there were no churches, and in answer to the prayers of their father and mother, their children were all converted, and your grandfather, my uncle Pierce, who was also a local preacher in the Methodist church, besides he was a Justice of the Peace, and no person of his time was more favorably spokelTof, even to thjsdayby all that knew Mm. I do not find any regord of my much loved uncle Pierce Granger,, he died in the west and I hope you may be able to find it. I feel under great obligation to my beloved grandfather and Sarah, born March 20, 17T.. Eliphaz, bonV Feb. 0,1770. Sarah my wife departed this lifo Feb. 15, 1775. . e ; of-th- We are indebted to our f rmer townsman, Gamaliel Case, of Sodu3, for the following correspondence. The lady, Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, wa3 the daughter of Oliver Granger and grand daughter of Pierce Granger,. both of whom were born in "Phelps: Ed. Log ax, CacheCo.t Utah. Mr. Gamaliel Case Dear Cousin: J realize that thb'will be a strange message to you, lrom a strange messenger. I learned by letter from our departed cousin, r Mrs. Pomeroy, that you knew of myvLit to Phelps and Newark last year. Uncle Elihu of Michigan told me of your man-predominat- : REPLY. ' THE ' part of by running after some young girl; but procured a mother that was ten years older than himsel f to help bring up his children. ' - --- it" FROM them, and did not let the;anima finished. Six vears Tom pie : aOO miles-sou- th and worked for my dead four months. lil.t sfiall fgj?i auxiousjo know whether you receive this so please drop me a line at once. Very' respectfully your cousin, ' . ii" a'goJveJitaTc:George led-- to .aa.Srtn tFepraf riewfiere wandered lor several under the ' to remain here only one I expect Temple to rav home that - r"OQe;.pme&fi 'iKOmeu he done with all those motherless children. In a proper time ho dobked -- out a mother for week mare for the present. This is the. nearest ? .. Ican h'.nr. if of ' ' ; Next, that of your Aunt Apamy, a noble Christian woman: ' 1 NOTES AND NEWS. Apamy, wife of Elihu Granger who died July Si, 1853 agt'd 81 years. zz. Thii brings me to notice the deatli of vour Aunt Sarah Grander Case, a3 vou call her. mv -7t)wnuear aeparteaothen bhe died at my nouse,tneoM homesteadr Oct. 6, lo43, aged and six months..- S he w"a3 named after my noble grandmother and you bear not only the name of my mother but of that noble 'grandmother that gave birth to our Grander iamuj, uui uieu us you see uy me.aoove record, leaving her young family and a babe six., 70 yeai-- 3 - days old. We turn next to our noble Christian grand- father, your great grandfather, and note what "Th ose i nterested in fair play for woman ought to give the best attention for a few mo of the ments to Mr. King, the Erie Railway. "In very properly reducing the enormous expenses of thatcorporation he cut 1. n l ill aown an salaries, or nearly an;out in aoing su, instead of making the scale, of reduction uniform in the same line of service, he reduced the salaries of women employees 30 percent, while those of men doing corresponding duty and receiving about the same rates of pay .were reduced, only 15 per cent. It would be inter& esting to know what Mr3. King if there be "Mrs. King think3 of this sort of discrimination against the sex to which she and the mother of her husband belong. " . new-presid- 1 ent . .1 