bXPON EXT. WOMAN'S EMMEL1SE ' .B. 'niu..va rTPit.AniiiH' "lh"SAirLaie Citv. Utah. Terms naTT nni vMr. 2.00". one cory six months, 1.00. Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil discount one time, 82.50; ier month, $3.00. - to regular advertisers. "" Kt povent office. Room ' .. r No. 4, upstairs, Hooper k Eldrcdge Z. C, M. I. Btmness Wrvt Main Street, a few doors south of Address all business communications to EXPONENT, "lMiEirWOMAN'S Sai-- t Salt Lake Lakk City. Utah. July City, f - T W . Editor. WELLS. hearts were as tender as the heart of Abraham the purity of their motives, and the high' and holy ,.;v- ,- 4iu wp.nf fr. his son Isaac as a sacriw - - un w niTft V V I' aspirations that have influenced them to practifice. .Such were the" fojefothers andjo.remothers cally incorporate H in their lives. This persecuof the Prophets Joseph and Brigham, Heber and tion will arouse earnest thoughts and feelings in and women of this Church, who "regard to Mormonism at home and abroad, and the leadingjnen have declared their mission to be from God, and will create investigation ancl .research into facts at and figures, that will' increase the faith aai who hare sought to do good to all people;-WhWere they accused of in those early days of persecution, strength and courage of those who have been when they were driven from Ohio to Misborn "Mormons," but thought liitle about it, and souri, and fromcounty to county and city to city? among the honest everywhere, will produce a feelthose who. are. ...There was - no - such - thing as plural marriage, ing of sympathy and interest I nr5friitpH n'n" arrnnnt ' of religious belief and againsfwhich so much is said nowj theywere acrevelation, ofTanaiicism, of practic; '""dustrious, temperate and strange doctrine, of this and of that,of being abo litionists and of various things, and men were imNot only have men been immured in prisons,but women also have had to suffer penalties for hot prisoned :and robbed, families were driven out' answering questions that were inconsistent and from their own rightful possessions, in the dead of winter, and compelled to seek refuge and protecimproper to say the least. Our readers will retion wherever they could, and finally, after having member the cases of Annie Gallifant,Belle Harris established themselves once more peacefnlly, and and baby and of Nellie White: The more recent built up a beautiful city and magnificent templein cases were Lydia Spencer, Elizabeth Ann JSjarkey and LucyDevereux and baby. ; These women have the State of Illinois, andJiagaddedojheiL ain t'57umbeTaltiyTromother lands, behold this handj)uUmsejydLo who knew for themselves what was right, and ful of people were again molested, their Prophtt to. determined were to remain steadfast principle, and Patriarch foully murdered,and Apostles bare- -' even though sent up for contempt. In view of ly escaped with their lives. One of them, John these facts wecannot but repeat what we have Taylor, now President of the Church of Jesus women are as willing to often said before,-tha- t Christ of Latter-day- " Saints, wounded, the mob suffer for a principle as men are, and that'true thought, unto death, and saved as by a miracle, will women maintain their integrity to the Gospel bears the scars and the bullets in his body to this and its principles,in spite of persuasion,opposition day, while under the guarantee of protection from and threats. the state, and afterwards the whole body of the people driven into the wiIderness,without preparaTHE FOURTH OF JULY. tion, at the peril of their lives. To recount. the story, of and hard-- " In childhood's days the very mention of Indesnipsnjucjcjaupcai.inem-woui- a sent the blood pendence day" tingling through history, but through It all this people maintained our veins, and no exertion was too much to celetheir loyalty to the flag of their country, and brate the memorable occasion. Have we forgotten sought, by petitioning, and in various legitimate these early impressions, and the "patriotism we ways, from time to time, to obtain some redress drank in with the very air we breathed ? No, we for the wrongs inflicted upon them, but in vain. have not; they are with us still, and the same The rulers of the nation acknowledged themselves love of liberty and consciousness of freedom to powerless to make any restitution to the Morworship God, that we inherited a's our birthright, mons." And so they were, so far as giving them still remains strong and .dominant in our nature. back their dead to lite, slain for the Gospel's sake, Do we love our country now as ever? Yes, we and those who died by the wayside for want and do,but we mourn for the blots upon her escutcheon, privation, brought about through this unhallowed, for the laws' enacted, and now being rigidly enreligious persecution, but in restoring rights of forced against religious liberty? Alas for freedom property destroyeibymobviolenceetc., they ot conscience and free speech, when men are need nolTiavenbeen powerless ; but popular clamor mobbed and even sent to prison and placed under restrained those who were disposed to mete out bonds , for practicing the pure principles of the in justice any sense to the "Mormons." Gospel of salvation, and when for the same reAs proof positive of loyalty to the dear old flag, ligious practices taught and inculcated in the the "Mormons," in their pilgrimage from Nauvoo holy Scriptures, and obeyed by holy men of to the Rocky Mountain region, gave 500 of their Jacob and others of the ancients, who best picked men to the service of their country were chosen men of. God, and blest above others and made no complaint,- - Women drove their own of their time, in keeping this law of God; when teams, yoking and unyoking their cattle,taking men for this, and this only, are arrested and comcare of their children, and performing the duties mitted to prison with the most wicked and vile, and labor of both 'father sacrificing their wives, honorably married, called before the themselves that the husband might show his allegi- -' courts, held up to ridicule, and questioned as ance to his country in time of need, and honor the though they were the scum of the earth, this is laws of the land that had driven him and his dear liberty indeed. ones forth as an exile from his own inheritance. In America, the land of the free and the home Arriving in the Valley of the Great Salt. Lake, of the brave, a land blest 'above all other lands, Brigham Young and his noble and brave pioneers with a Constitution greater and than grander any planted the United States' flag proudly and gladly upon the face of the earth, the Lord raised m on this then desolate land, and dedicated it to God up this age of the world a prophet, and him a gave and liberty h the name of the United States. Does message of life and salvation and a warning unto this savor of disrespect to the flag, or of disloyalall people. In the very beginning of his work to ty the government of "our common country ?'1 presecution begun; religious persecution ; and his What have the rulers of this nation to say to our life was sought for, his disciples and his followers wrongs ? Only this : "We are tired were persecuted and driven from state to state and of hearing of the wrongs of Missouri and of from city to city. These people were American Nauvoo." No wonder, for there is a terrible recitizens, sons and daughters of the soil, native cord laid up against a future day of reckoning. born, and many of them descended from illustri-ou- s But add to, the calendar already well filled why patriots, whose fathers and grandfathers had with and wrongs outrages? Why seek to plunder fought for freedom-anc- T religious liberty and and persecute those who are only pursuing the whose mothers, ard grandmothers had suffered the' even tenor.of . their- and way intruding upon the hardships incident to the perils-owar, and sent rights of no man or "woman ? Is there not room forth their husbands and sons tofight for freedom, and place for all, even for the "Mormons ?" One the laying thereupon altar of liberty, though their would think so, but this people have prospered in 1,5 1885. , -- fr God-fearin- g. -- A FEW FACTS. ' of the Every few days some one or two or more arbrethren, men of position in the Church, are rested fand brouehtJjJlieJIiiiled-StatesXom- missionerand bound over to appear at the next term of court, and in many instances whole families are called up and questioned, and also placed under bonds to appear as witnesses when the case shall come up for hearing. This has been going on for several months, ana, a u ring mar. time, some have been tried by the courts, and sentenced, and imprisonment for are suffering the penalty-okeeping a law which Congress has made a crime, but neither the motive or the spirit which actuated tne person, can uy auy mcuua ut imupitau oo evil, nor can the actual facts be considered sinful, except under the proscriptive law made specially fnr ihis orle. Aneus M. Cannon, President of this. Stake of Zion,Elders R. Cl&wson, A. M.MusserJ. Watson, P. P. Pratt and Evans have allbeen tried and sent to the Penitentiary from Salt Lake, apd from Ogden, F. A. Brown, Moroni Brown and Job Pingree; each of jhese for living with and acknowledging the wives given them in the holy covenant of celestial marriage, solomnized by men holding the authority to perform the cere f mony. : These men have all been exemplary in their lives, and naught can be brought,against them as honest and true men, only this, that believing irn plicitly that God had commanded them, they have obeyed this higher law, a law too high Tor the comprehension of men, who are seeking only the pleasures and riches of this world, or that which is temporal. Indeed it cannot be expected that they will understand in their present condition. We were very forcibly struck by the ruling of Judge rowers in the case 01 joo nngree.- - 1 hese are the men who talk so much of free agency and liberty, and it would seem he tried to coerce Bro. Pingree into saying he would not do certain things, or actually force him to say he would give up a wife, or wives, with whom he had made the most solemn covenants, before God and angels that a man can make. One cannot help thinking it were better to die in prison than deny a principle he knows to be from Gol. And all good men and women, everywhere, will respect a man more who will stand by his colors in the' hour of peril even though it cost him his life, than one who could be pursuaded to renounce a principle because he was brought to a severe test. Surely the religion of the Latter-da- y Saints is as good as that for which the Saints of God in other ages have suffered and died, and let it not be said of any Latter-da- y Saint not he the has his that convictions. courage of The statements made in the court in the First District by F. A. Brown and Moroni Brown of Ogden must make an impression upon every houest man and woman who will read them. Such powerful testimonies cannot fail to have a potent effect upon the young and lead them to reflect upon the principle and its practice, and upon the sacred obligations of those who have embraced it, ; - the-wron- gs -- old-Abr- aham, and-mothe- r, oft-repeat- ed f . 