WOMAN'S- - EXPONENT. lophdJoseph . had would go up to Mountains, and the ro should be the greatest apostacy -- about of the people., Bro. Kimball said th same. What it' we should go to prison I don't know, but I hope I would die cheerfully rather than relinquish one principle of our re tvo-third- . s ligion. It ief Society of Mau i e, Hawaiian Islauds, presented to Armeda Young; rag car-petwool carpets, striped; vegetables and fruits; beautiful flowers, growing everywhere, rand-lovetutfIower37but the mam- - spY $f ly '" beauty and attraction was the -o- the-Rock- is not alone'' our yifegfwcs; duty to acknowledge the hand of God in all things. Wc have more to enco u r a go u 3 , to see jiis)jilejil I lei f-the rng.iW-iieJi.ueoaini- s ti-T- ul ; .be faithful. .Sister Jane S. Richards said: "I have been thinking if it would be wisdom to try to speak after having heard such ah excellent discourse as we have heard. I have thought a great deal of Sister Eliza's remarks on. Sabbath ; break ingwhih is a subject that interests-m- e rreatlv." Snokfrof the many' conferences we have the privilege of attending, and how great ly we are blest; an are comfortably dressed,and have plenty to eat. We have seen hard times in the past. Felt thankful for the many! rains y " -- r ; SILK DEPARTMENT." ; ; Here were worms eatingr awavJ their or. crreen leaves, somespinning, still in the brush, fresh-c : f Jwmrasarom j oi u' i s year. seven uuuuus r siik. j some reeled, some spun and colored, by several listers,-b- u t t he folio wrng- - is srikv by" Sister Christena and" Eliza Forsgrenr- - six7 different kinds of silk cloth; sixteen yards one lovely pieGe 'of changable crimson and blue dress goods; thirteen yards of purple and white; twelve yards pink and white, for underwear, " ' - i. 1 1 - . woven kersey; ten yards, beautiful heavy black sons-in-law- o -- FAIR. The fair was a beautiful sight, particularly so to those who know that almost everything was what the sisters had on hand, not exactly prepared for a fair. The spirit of the time has cast a certain gbjmerjeyerybodyt-ani- l the craving for pleasure not so great. Many felt like giving it up, but- Sister Susannah Booth, with her natural energy, felt otherwise, and the love that we feel for "Aunt Harriet," our President, caused that evervbodvJ brought O forth in a hurry allthe nice thingsJ,hey-4ia- d onH . . . . 1 f J poo nauu numerous to mention anII peautiiul quilts, dainty lace pillow shams, tidiesin netting, knitting and crochet, one lovely knitted betbpreid, by Sister Barnard- White of Three Mile, embroidered' collars, pillow cases, skirts, baby dresses, aprons, a lot of netted neckties, for sale, made by Sister Karen Olsen, seventy-seve- n years old; beautiful lace neckties, Sister Dear- Mormon Sisters: " .., - a I read almost daily in the paers something concerning your people, and always with deep interest, and Ibelieve I must say it, great syiil -Icannot believe you a bad peopathy u. ple, and, seeing the constant, daily Unpunished violation of law around us here, my heart i3 filled with sorrow and my soul with bitterness hy the great show of righteousness in prosecuting the Mormons. The Catholics hold' 'cliurch above state"as high ly as the Mormons are said to, and not only so, tney nave no morals on every corner around us is a saloon, the proprietor and family go to the Catholic 'Church strictly .every Sunday morning to "early mass' . Then, notwithstanding 'tis against'statml corporation law, they sell liquor all the rest of the day. Now and then (just after an election, when the new officers are very zealous) the evil is nartlv knitted in wooLand-cttonatekin- gs for- checkeil, but they soon begin to venture out both anu further and further, and just before an election, crochet eiiikjren aauits, baby jacket3,knit tea petticoats, lor ladies and babies, in wool, the saloon keeper does as he jdeases their vote ' is desirable. The Catholic, vote counts, and shawls, red, black, white and black checked, lind?ey, white checked and changable, a good other church members, if interested in politics, manyjneces; rugs, knitted garters, odd pattern, especially if running for office, cultivate them. biautifjl worked mottoes, mats, ornaments of Theie are good persons in the Catholic Church, diil'erent kinds, beautiful gloves, collars in silk but the history of the church is bad ten a and beads, hats for boys and girls, pincushions, thousand times worse than the Mormon record, sofaciishiong in tapestry, an elegant crazy quilt, and the Catholic Church,though the individual by Susannah Booth, good shoelaces made by members are changed, is the same as the a Swedish brother by the- - name of Carl sen, Catholic Church of old. Queen Elizabeth will' embroidered flannel skirts, a lovely scarf embehead the Catholi ) Queen Mary, if their broidered with cream colored silk on same ts conflict. color nup's veiling, by Alvira Your prime, jn the eyes of most of your )jderborg; a novelty in a corset, made of home made linen, enemies, is not your belief in polygamy, but is by Theorie Mikkelsen; hornsjbr autumn leaves, your voting rVie Democratic (icIccL The Republibeautifully ornamented; cromoesjaud a striking cans hold u p your polygamy because feature was ah.it nnd know that (the Democrats' daro not comethey out a squash vine, by Chiefess Rapukine, President boldly and stand by you without to use a or-yo- - : . 1 , qutjbtion, ior every man values nis domestic peace Jand harmony, and a show of --virtue covers a multitude of shortcomings. I venture a t .veV, "that, did all men dare do so; eight out ot ten would vote for pdygamV", and four out of eight already practice it in secreoi. - . . - -- in-ter- : . es ri I - , - 1 Cf O 1lD3t III A I - ,.?! n n who are good moral citizens", except that they have more than one wife, makes me think of ' ' i i j .i 'i eacnt otner yyg5-iouaHa. out ot tnenrotigir, 1 . i ug squealing while they get in snout and feetr Sometimes I have a mind to follow Ann Eliza plan "escape," and as she got an eastern man to write up her lecture against the Mormon3, 1 could get a "Mormon" to write ray lecture," and then tell "what I know of the (and the uncle3, too). Xhe little Exponent comes regularly, and is, as ever, read with pleasure and interest. Hoping ail will come out right, and that you, and. we all may live in peace and prosneritv, I ' remain Your friend, ' . anti-Mormon- s" and white, woven four leaf, intended for vests ; for all their sons and also a small in of brown same blueand the sample material; for white of eight yards underwear; kersey, sewing silk, spun and t wixted , red , bl tie," black" aad white; black mitts; red and white neckties; black and "white collars, done in netting and crochet; three grey made up dresses, one we have had thh springnd said, "To me this 'trimmed around the skirt with a heavy black silk fringe, also home made; one dress of the is a great comfort, to see the Lord is not going to starve us while we are persecuted. The same property of Alvira Forsgren, Secretary. Lord will arrange our affairs better for us than -- All of the above is entirely Mrs. Chris ten a and Eliza Fosgren's own work, from the green we can." Referred to those who neglect our mulberry leaf to the last stitch in making it meetings; feit to give tKera a special blessing, because they did not enjoy what we do who up. Gedske Rasmuson, seventy-twyears of "meet together. Snoke eloouentlv on the bless- - age, had one changable dress, crimson and ings we enjoyajid trayed fervently LUAlJtlibsa- - blue, made by herself, except coloring and weaving, which was done by Mrs. Christena prrentTnfgiit. prove iaithluJ. Bishop Tejry from Three Mile, ajad Bishop Forsgren. Two grey dresses made by Mrs. Harper from Calls Fort, both made a few clos-- i Christena Christensen and daughter. Emilia D. Madsen, Cor. Sec, Tigre7jia rksTiilTo f en cou ragemeu t. Harriet Snow notified all to attend the Relief Society Fair in the Court House, A GENTILlTWOMAN'S LETTER. and after singing, conference adjourned for three months. t. . : Ohio, July 12th, 1885. THE . com mon ex nressi'on m vi n cr th p.mlive aw on the" Polygamous question and it is a delict s; ; when thi is past Zion will be resplendent. Told now sue nail seenine u ""would beTone in principle, Spoke in beau and eloquent. language about our 'striving to 39 " Emily Scott. Ap REUNION. Salt Lake I City, July, 3rd, 1885. Editor Exponent: The month of June was ouite a ?ala time for the Twentieth Ward. On the second of the month a special meeting of the Relief Society was - hcldr The "following visitors were present: Sisters E. R. Snow Smith, M. I. Horne, H. M. Whitney, Rachel Grant and E. ii. Woodmansee. Instructions were given in regard to looking after the poor, and other interesting subjects were treated upon. After the close of the meeting, the sisters gathered at the residence of C. R. Savage,, where the tables were spread with a 'bountiful repast. After partaking of the" banquet and indulging in social chat for an hour or two, most of the sisters attended the Y. L. M. I. A., and all felt repaid for their day's meeting. On the 12th the Y. L. M; I. A. had a strawberry festival, which wa3 a success in very sense of the word. The hall, decorated with festDons of flowers,and the well set table?,looked a3 it never had before. The Bishop and Counselors, Bro. and Sister Tingy, and nearly all the prominent members of the ward were The evening passed alonr" vcrv present. pleasantly songs, speeches, and recitations were listened to with interest, and then refreshments were partaken of, after which the tables Were cleared away, and the pleasant affair wound up with dancing. Cecilia Sitarp. MISCELLANEOUS. Though God may seem to frown in His providences, yet He always smi!csu His promises- Ex. - Live near to God, and so all things will appear to you little in comparison with eternal realities. !. M. M'Chcy?ie. Good temper, like a sunny day, sheds a brightness over everything. It is the sweetener of toil and the soother of disquietude. Irving It is always good to know, if only in passing a charming human'""being; it refreshes one like flowers and woods and clear brooks. Gtorge . Eliot. :, If you have any doubt about woman's hav-ing.tim- e to vote, visit a crazy-quil- t show, and 'write yojrsclf down as ignorant of woman's spare time, as of woman herself. Richmond Independent , 