WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 92 lhJT iY JIn3 in1 cvmnif hip. ' th e e s pet i ally, be ca'us e o f th e if adyncexli many years they had spent together. In many respects' Sister Woodruff was a re: , young and unsuspecting. Editor. EMMR LINE D. WELLS, in the markable woman. She was strong-mindeIf the youth of Zion will hearken to the counbest sense of the word, and her integrity to the sel and instruction of their parents, and of those S'uhlislicJ Salt Lake City, Utah. Tertns: Gospel could ssarcely be surpassed ; she had en- who are set to lead, and guide indsrael, they will oik; copy one year, "82.00; one copy eU months,, f 1.00. Ten .1 . ., .. . ,1 li i r 1, Kin K UU1CU IllUi.lt JJIlvailWli on1 jiaiuoui choose"that better part," anrgaia that true knowlcopiei for the price or nine. ijianer Atvertt-:in'- j rates: Each pquare, ten lines of norij. edge that cannot be taken away, There is much, husband rntght fill his'missions among the nations-withou- t A liberal discount ,i Fp iCL', One time, $2.50; per month, $3,00. murmur or complaint. Twice she accomto learn in. the present for those who wilt avail' ii'iv u" liters. lujuiui xi'ONNT-irjllcthemselves of the grand opportunities which are panied her husband abroad upon missions; once No. 2 JE. South Temple" Street, second JJcivri-'lO a.uv News t of frato Ofli'jc. Jlflsiness hours from t to the Fox Islands, and to England. She has now open tj them, and also rnuch to be achieved. to 5 p.m. every Jay, exl jpt SunJajv events-noin ever been an earnest and energetic worker among There will be abundant material, too, the '""A'! I Iresf all busineM communications to to make the sisters(n the organizations of the "Relief So-- j history and biography transpiring, rruLisiiEri" woman's kxfonkxt, ' ciety and the Associations, and has filled several replete with thrilling incident and interest. There Salt 'Lake City. Utah. is no monotony in Mormonism, there are always honorable positions. She was chosen President November 15, 1SS5. new occurrences, new scenes, new phases to make of the Relief Society in the Fourteenth Ward at Salt Lake Citv, it Interesting; and add to its importance as . a 'the time of its organization rn the spring of 1857, religious, system and social topic. The injustice by Bishop Hoagland, and held the position untip CHOOSE THE BETTER-PAR- T. shown to'the people of Utah, after "their having: the move south, resigning after her return,, on lands and made desert them settled habitable of increased family cares: . Sister Woodaccount upon The present time is,' to the Latter-da- y Saint, and fruitful, must necessarily have a telling effect ruff was one of the nresidinr officers of thf fraught-wit"the most intense interesr,as well as General Retrenchment meetings, that are held upon the children and rising generation, for they big with mighty events, and it cause's one to medi cannot help feeling and realizing the wrongs their in this city in the interest of women's talc .solemnly, and weigh and measure one's own from havesuffered that free government .associations and advancement. She has traveled parents capacity and strength to. endure the" trying o'rdeals which should have vouchsafed to them protection extensively in me '1 erntorywitti herJiusband and iLiougiui'iiicluhe faints are, and may be called and instead which of it has the sisters, exhorting and instructing; the sisters in religious toleration, upon to pass, in order to prove. their integrity and authorized and encroachment encouraged s.l cad fastness to the truth. upon theirduties in the organizations.and in the various Humility, patience rights, civil, and religious, even to disfranchise and sacrifice are necessary to the Saint of God, spiritual and practical labors, in which woman's and ment cruel persecution.. mission upon earth consists. Sister Woodruff and one needs to be clothed upon with all the The of the. .Utah" Commission to the was a woman wise in counsel, and one that exreport Uiristian graces to meet and combat with, and Secretary of the Interior,and the extreme measures celled in Judgment. ' When the Deseret Hospital overcome all the influences, temptations and be these men have suggested to the general govern-men- t, Associatio eJL.asall-llxerjppotion t h a t si are loo much even for many bitter opponents of the Board of Directors, which position she arouses in the soul the fire of indignation at re Latter-dathe of Saints to countenance and held until her death. She was well versed in the peated insults from those who delight in making ' :, '.:.: iv.fr upon the Saints of God, and approve in Church history, and gifted in Scriptures ;and destroying the .... The judges and their satellites, who administer fUU .t; ... - in ner nature and virtue and purity of those who have been made iaiui aim piaer, rengious, and enforce the proscriptive laws, made to punish partakers of the truth, and received that knowlcharacteristically Puritanic in her attributes, who men have chosen the better that leads domestic habits and conduct. edge which carries conviction to the human heart. part, to and exaltation endless As there are so blinded lives, . .. . w . . vwv. oiunci llldl It by At the Woman's Mass Meeting inthe Salt Lake JJ and love the of that bigotry is cannot so see also greed there exultationin the dominion they i Pentetli, Theatre, Nov. 16th, 1878, Sister Woodruff deto pluck the beam from; their own eyes, but probof Satan, over one who. is. lost from the fold livered a powerful extempore address on the of of keenest quality to discover ing tituuuijitf. 1 ne powers ot darkness are growwoman's side of the "Mdra the mote in the eye of any true "Mormon." The ing thicker and darker, and the thraldom of sin her whole life, since she received the Gospel, has words of the Savior in regard to the beam ap.d iniquity is binding faster and may, been devoted to her faith, and she has abundantly-- stronger its with all chains upon those who have be to the consistency, applied terrible proved ner zeal and devotion stepped aside from by her labors, both the ''narrow way," and been and ' social evils that in exist all the crying even unawares great caught public and orivate. hi the snares and devices of cities of the world, and' indeed throughout the enemy of all Sister Woodruff was born in Scarboro Maine, Chirstendom; while here: in Utah a few have righteousness. March8th,j837. Her parents were of English A venerable lady, who is now no accepted a higher and better form of marriage,one more, has maiden name was Carter, and on her that tends to social purity and the elevation of the t.ucn reiterated in our hearing a saying of Joseph' human mother's side Fabyan. In 1834 she embraced the Prophet, "that the time will come when race, and these citizens cry aloud against the the Gospel, and about a "year after went to Kirt-lanpowers'" darkness will be so great that they any little mote,which,compared to the practices and Ohio. Her parents and friends were much would he. much more to be dreaded than habits of enlightened society, may well disease, grieved at her leaving, them, and her mother for they would be more seductive, catching and be reckoned as a mote to the beam. The noble marked she: would- - much rather bury her, and and heroic examples of many whose lot it ; deadly in their nature." when she was about leaving said to to stand before the courts and receive senSurely this will come to pass, and how shall the her, in the most impressive manner, "Phcebe, will you come Saints guard and protect the innocent and inextence, has won for thenvthe admiration of all who back to me . if you find Mormonism is false?" perienced from such unforeseen and terrible recognize true manliness., And there can be no in And the most affectionate manner the doubt as to the result of such conduct upon the dangers? daughter answered thrice repeated, All the protection, that can be thrown around youth of Zion. It will tend" to strengthen the mother, I will !" and her mother knew that 'she would the youth of Zion, all the weak and give courage to the indifferent, and keep her teaching of fathers, mothers and instructors, as well as the noble exprove beyond a tear ot contradiction, to the hon- -' -- promise, wnen all her preparations were made she dared not trust herself to e s tand sin cere lovers of truth; t h at t h ample that must ever characterize those who stand ere is an i say 'goodbye," i)ut wrote her farewell to each, "then ran down as expounders of correct and holy in the institutions of power stairs all theChurch principles, and jumped into the these and more will be necessary to that enables its followers to rejoice in trihulstm carriage," and drove away preserve the from the beloved home of her and through suffering to be made purity and faith, and promote the higher spiritual childhood, alone in strong That' the develoDment of th viiuuivu for the world, love attain to they thereby the of may the truth" and for the same iuii uuutr me glory and sake of as peculiar exigencies of the Saints in this day and blessings uniting herself with the Saints of God. Abraham, having been tried like unAfter her arrival in ' '"""' age, and the evils brought into their midst by to him and the. Saints in alt- ages. Kirtland, Miss Carter, as those who ridicule virtue, and seta she was then Ml called, became acquainted with price upon the heads of men who seek to inculcate and establish Wilford . whom - she : Woodruff, i l l N MEM O R I A : subsequently institutions that tend to a higher moral in l836' and was the mother of nine and muM?Cd plane, a broader field of philanthropic effort for the huchildren, four of them now living; one son, Wil-for- d Died, in this. city, Tuesday, at 2 p.m., Novemman family; men who have thrown aside Woodruff Jun., and three the ber ioth,Mrs. Phcebe Whittemore daughters. Bro. Woodmff wife and Sister advantages and emoluments that the world offers, of the Woodruff came to the valley in 1850, -Apostle Wilford Woodruff, President for the sake of doing a cobler and holier work for of he haying been called from the Quorum of the Twelve. Winter Quarters on a Sister Woodruffs the benefit of mankind, temporally as well as death mission to the Eastern States, whither his' wife" was sudden, although she had been sufferspiritually. And this work cannot'fail, however accompanied him, after his return from the valley from the effects of a fli ing ;'u uccurrea with-theoffensive it may be to the " ' ' "iiiu and to those government, about pioneers. previous, and she had been failwho cannot comprehend its fitness and Sister Woodruff has left on record genius yet ing somewhat in health for the past few momhc some very it will endure, and those who it'will fight against powerful testimonies to Jhe truth of the' Latter- me absence of her husband, lu;; onaccount uic "pneisioretold. Mean VJWy jow Pers Joseph Smith, as a prophet, seer Woman s a,. time the Saints have heed to guard every loophole w he re s i n an d i n i rm'g h t e n t e r, o r n y - e vi in1 ue nee. penetrate to lead astray the weak, the TV? EArOJNBN i --- (Kn '. Vf-aAL- ' C .; 1 ,- - d semi-monthlyl- n , ' 1 ! . e, ca-- i , h semi-month- ly . . : y - - ; 1 1 . -- -- . with-instrame- ... " j ''... , de-scent- : -- d, so-call- has-bee- . , , - " - M-.:--- - . four-week- -- s Z 