E XrONE NT WOMAN'S . T i I II WO M A N "S K X POXENT. Coaftrtiiee adiouruet! frriiareein anths.. "Clnkireu saiig "The. Lord Prayer 'Benedict tiou bv EUerlL; Horcc, ' ' . . V THE2PLACE ta itnanv.T Vuttorrly, Or 'MM'hw on a winter's day,;, Ik ar frit ii J, van cvrf wtlcome arc WVkom-- as lirst flowers of May. Hk'5 . i." ! imtm:M A XI) SEW of Albany," vjjhc Political Euaity"Ciub X.- - Dear KxroxEXT aye! exponent y Of mankind's higher, truer lik' Of iioVue work, of sweet content In duty's path midst joy or strife. "Mrs. Julia Ward Howe has a furnished house assigned to her at New Orleans, by the - Committee of the Exhibit,". U A Scotch, colony consisting of. about 2,000 persons is now being organized to go to i .os , Angeles, Cal." Mrs.' Helen MougarJjasJieerispeakiiig-tit- Wisconsin since her return from Iowa, and will ' : ' . , - Her story "ftamoua" is every--wher- recognized as a notable achievement e Editou Exponent: 'in literature. Mis. Sarah M. Kimball started the Western " . c . The eightieth birthday of Mrs. Mary Thompson Willard was celebrated recently by Miss Frances E. Willard and Mrs. Mary B. Willard, her daughter and daughter-in-law- , who gave a reception in her honor. "Her children rise up and call her blessed." The mt'inb uf ovivci Juiinson, the well jiJOwn abolitionist, gave him ar reception at Ke"w York the fifth inst., on the severity-fiftanniversary of his birth. Several hundred invitations were sent out; among others, to , John G. Whittier, Rev. Samuel May, William Lloyd Garrison, and others, of Boston and viT cinity. MUsa. Kate Field has become the possessor of a perfect copy of the first edition of the' Book of Mormon, published at Palmyra, in Its title page announces New York, Joseph Smith as ''author and proprietor" of the book, held to be the word of God. Later editions omit this statement. Inter Ocean. n noJAnd aHrailiameil of it 7 At I u 1 I - ..--J J . SH ELP'H AIIDWAEE, JIEAVY-AN- I) so GLASS AND QTJEENSWARE, . ETiKGANr CUT GL.AF8, s Mor hy hn man eyes AUBICULTUBAL T(X)LS AND 1MPLE- - iEN78, CLOTH AND CXrOTHINU, ruin: drugs and chemicalk, AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. V AKl'KTS doeo.iU-d- . as Byeet as the Jre:ith of tho roj'al rose, perfume they exhale; And vhy they bloom, or where they I'loom, The ood Lord knowe'ili well." Yret Is the in-183- . : Ill . IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF 'Thinking that a letter from an obscure sister like myself might be acceptable, I proceed There arc fiow'rets in the valleys low, . And over the mountain bide, Which were never praised hy human vo'cc, . to-da- y 1 , 1 The active opponents of women meddling in on the women's politics (such as write us influence in our city election) must begin to ieel like Mrs. Partington on the sea leach in -a floodr.de rising on a northeast gale, on reading in the morning news that in Germany, tf all enlightened countries under the spn, Bismarck, of all the politicians in that countryyis invoking the aid of the women to operate upon Ii j u b c opi n o n a n t public aifai rs.- - J f i u Ger- harness a woman and a "many., where they hnrse or a dog together to a cart, and in the hin)ie?t circles expect her to keep silent, and iiiiiid her knitting when man are til king, the gn atest political jiullv; of alt Christendom calls n women to come into politics and help him, what shall not come to pass in woman-riddeAmerica? Boston Transcript, V I be-in- h' become a law. I I SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. . myself for allowing such ungrateful thoughts to enter rny miud .We are ail here t fill up the measure of our creation in one way or another. A little poem I once g read comes to mv mind. "He Knoweth," the title of the poem. " 7 i J 'H U I am here for, when I sisters see so inauyofjny hard at work, either trying to spread the Gospel or trying to defend siled the study of law in the Northwest. 1 -- to pen a few. lines. 1 often AYinder what "aTTdTTirTo- The Married Women's Property Rights Law of Vermont was secured by the persevering, noble effort of lion. H. C. Ide, senator from Caledonia Co.' A bill similar to the new law was introduced into the ' Vermont Senate by this gentleman two years ago, passed that body but was lost in the House. This year the bill was again introduced by Senator Ide, and has - . , Reserve School of Design, in Cleveland, 0. It was fourdedforwoinenjbut several young men have been admitted. '; Mrs. Mary L. Leonard has been admitted to practice in the- c6urisjf i . 1S63, WOMAN'S VOICE. Mrs. Helen Jackson has gone to Los Angel es for the winter. ESTABLISHED OOTOUEU, Across nraii leg, o'er the plains, You conM, dear friend, as heaven sent, Swei t as their c wn wild flower's perfume; Wilcorn",. thrice welcome, dear Exponent. Emi ly Scott. Ohio, Dec. 15, ltttl. " " 13 AT r vii Gaso lately add resscd; Mrs Matilda ' my heart with Christian love, Teach ny a f:ilk-- trust in God; Tell ine all hear say tales to prove Weih and measure by God's bw'njiro.nJ. Yon We carry a larger and more complete l" Stock than any house the west. " - In Yes, the good Lord knoweth well. There is no need for any one to feel dejected or'cast down, for our Creator h:is ordained all things in His own wise way. Last evening as I sat reading an aged sister .living near me came into while away an hour or two. I read t ) her out of the little Expo.v- est; you should have seen her face as it lighted up with enthusiasm as I read to her :Mormon Women," by Aunt Hannah; Aunt Em's "Reverie," also that beautiful poem, entitled, ,4A Christmas Gift," and others that were alike interesting. As I read I could not but make the ommcnt, "The degraded women of Utah, ind eI!" One has only to take up the little if they want to see such crueras-"- ' r JCXpon est ptrsions contradieted. As the sweet perfume of llowers that are wafted to us by some soft summer breeze,calras and soothes our turbulent spirits, so do the grand and lofty thoughts ex- , pressed in the Exponent by our sweet sisters,-lu-ll and soothe all intelligent readers. H- - Special to the Ladies. - ' litia, ('orset. Mary : Couplin, -- Elevator. Clara O. Newbern, North Cafo- - . And an elegant assoitmenf of DIRIT GOODS: ; Diamond Lake, Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Infant's Shoes., 112, 114, IIS, 118 East Temple Street. rj - Thomburg, Iowa, Milkcan Bilinski, Will be found the latest styles and p: eductions RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS,- - GLOVES, PARASOLS; RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, The following patents have been issued to women during the two weeks ending Dec.' 30, ' . AT TEASDEL'S LACES, Sister Ida. ; 1881, , Su?an T. Burkhead, AuerbachWBro A Full and 'Jomplete Stock of MILLINERY, Sprine and Summer Goods AND LADIES tm . Agtics W. H. Smith, Beaver Dam, Wig., Milk Can. DRESS TRIfiiMIKGS. ;all and kx mink. J.d!I3S 111 , ; Cothes Sprinkler. -- V (Jamil le A. Faure, Paris, France, Polarization Battery or Electric Accumulator. S. ELDREDCE, Supt. 6c CO., TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FORt E TTi?eiU ruMiti. Pumps on ahon notice. Orders m m tfle country prom Repaired ptl responded to. rASirui, 7AW3, la ?, . - tUT tAXS.flTTi 