.SI1KI,I,S OK THE OCKAN. feet confidence -Hhdls of the octant beautiful shell Homes of tb llvln '.' thnf ait!).. It Iu your triSht;citte ; Caning anlwarm, ' - la """""K .kviu, wmie rainbows adorn - T Inside and outMdoof each IltUc J house; Storms do not enter though often aroused. 8heljs of the ocean ! how varied In hue That the bright waves bring forth to oar view; Many In form; each species distinct, StHl. with each other there's a waysVlink" - reigns; where all come and ten their joys and make known may their WrowsV ; - : 1 111 Z r,mx -: -r- ujjcwj'uu nave. The poBtman! Ob, tho postman I . Name that long has blest the world, Carrying hopes! and fears, and sorrows, Carrying scrolls to be unfurled; " . - - Welcome, ; welcome is yonrcatL" - Tes,J bless you, "men of letters," Knowing you are sent to bless, I kuow none that are your betters In relieving deep distress. In bestowing daily pleasure, In dispensing joy below 7 In this nether world of ours, On your way rejoicing go. a Money is a meagre tribnte For the labors you dUpense, Heart-fel- t thanks we" oiler to you, " Gratitude jour recompense. . bc-love- - her counseloivwho For the healthy joy bring; We know none who are your betters For the sunshine which you fling. u obe-dien- were" waitingaT theoor Sister Lucinda was prje "ofpresents frornthe Society during the day, it being her birthday. fifty-fourt- h After dinner the children-engagein the dance for a short time, and in the evening there was a. dance for the adults. During tho evening there were Bonga and recitations, besides appropriate remarks. At the close, of the party Sister Curtis expressed her thanks to the sisters of the Society for the honor conferred upon her, as she did not consider herself worthy 'of so much atten-- t ion, etc. 2 Ever' wishing success to tbe Exponent we ' . remain, in sisters the Your .1 Gospel, . ce : ' u the tree grow:' Home should be made a place so desirable that the children will be contented and their minds employed in something useful, 'or at ease. ' Hakrikt Cuktis, . Music in a home has a great attraction for Laura Holdaway. children, as well as older people. It is an ele- -' vating element of education; it draws out the Tniind, softens the heart and gives loftier deNOTES AND NEWS. sires to all. It - seems to place us as near to heaven as anything earthly can. It is inspir-- , Blanche JVillis Howard is said to have ing in its nature, when it is of an elevated kind. ' dramatized her novel "Guenn." She is now It has a great tendency to cheer and soothe our-- . , m con ten ted with ou rlotinl ifgp-- " mtingnotherr" iSou ls;4 it is comforting at all times and heavenly in Mr3. Julia Ward Howe is highly compliment be should the hence cultivated its nature, in it tented by the New Orleans Picayune. It say3: homes of, the Saints. When we go to church ."'."She Us the gracious and gentle woman, the on the Sabbath day and hear thesolemn hymn, mother of a family, the woman whose life ha3 the heavenly tones of the organ, the many ami been "dedicated to noble works, to the protecSweet voices of the singers, how they thrill our tion of home, the advancement and improvehearts bring such CDntentment to our snuls,as ment of her sex." and hearts our and else can, prepare nothing Mrs. Julia Ward Howe is anxious to make minds for the inspired words of God, as they as complete a collection as possible of books fall from the lips of those who are appointed-tand pamphlets written by women for the- New feed the soul on this holy day. Orleans Exposition She invites authors and '. Our home, or the home where we are raised publishers throughou t tli cou n try to nend hey Js yery apt to be a model of the homes of our without delay,-- any c.utrilutin:s of wo::itn's wish should we reason this for and children; Paliterary work which they can make. our homes to be pleasant and agreeable. rents, in the ideas of their children, are percla-- s ot it MichiDr. Sara Craig, fect. This is the court of justice to which they in the gan University, now house physician bring their difficulties to be settled. It is not is Woman's 'Hospital at Detroit, making an a trilling thing, to decide in justice to all. Wisenviable reputation in that institution. Health. dom and consideration should be used in such Officer Wightand other, prominent physicians decisions, and thu3 early plant the principles speak in the highest terms of her sanitary of right and justice in their minds. Solomon urging other institutions of like said, "Train a child 'in the way it should go, . nature to adopt her system. . and it will not depart from it." ; . O'er the mother who'in absence "7 Yearns to hear "about" her son For the token love dispenses Through you to tho treasured 'one. Public benefactors are ye, True as needle to the pole. Blessingson yemenof letters," Noble is your dally role. 7 IUxih . T. Kino. - HOMR Home is the nursery of innocence and contentment. All hearts beat in unison, and contentment prevails. Father and mother are happily mated, enjoyingeach other's pleasures and sharing each other's sorrows. Both enjoy tbe society of their children; they are pleased and happy to see any improvement in their education, from baby Allieup to sturdy John. When father is away all mis3 him and are anxiously awaiting his return. Hear the exclamations of joy wlien the Announcement is, made," "Papa has come home!" or more commonly, "Here is papa!"' All are anxious' to greet him first and tell him every little incident that has happened during his, absence. All these manifestations show in what degree of love and respect he is held in his own home. So it is when mamma is away andreturned,and also with each of the children. Happy h the home when all of its members are thus situa-- " ted.- :- . . . March 7tn, 1835. cl for her, she would; have been unable to take the seat prepared, for her at the head of one of the tables, where her children and grandchildren were seated. Children are just like small plants springing from the ground; the more tbey are cultivated and kept in the proper shape the straighter and more useful they will become. They are pliable, while young, just like the planthence the necessity of early training and strict to parents. "As the twig is bent, so will Yes, wo bless you, I'men of letters," : On Wednesday, January 14th, very pleasant time was spent at the Aurora meeting house. At 10 a.m a number of the brethren and sisters gathered, the sisters to spread the J tables and the brethren to assist in arranging the seats; etc. . At 1 p.m. the brethren and sisters, to the t number of about one hundred and fifty, were seated at the tables, which were loaded with the good things of the earth. Everything wa3 just ready when our President of theReljSociety, Sister,. Lucinda Curtis, made her appearance, supposing she was coming to a Relief Society meeting. When she entered the door she wasjso overcome by the sight that withourihTiudj)f life, etc., etc. ' , A BIRTHDAY PAKTY. , . , D. E. Dudley. ..Clifton, Xdaho, Feb. 14th, ,1885. - d - whom we serve. v and 'omen are worthy to be called of trod m this day, to help to establish His dom upon the earth for the last time; menkin.; and women of much integrity to .boldly stand forth, amid all the oppression and persecution, and , serve God in helping to establish the principles of life and salvation wlire wickedness and sin have so long held sway. Respect yourselves, as sons and daughters of God, born in the holy Priesthood, with power given to you to go forth and proclaim the, glad tidings of great joy to all the, nations of the earth. Be willing instruments in the hands of God in bringing the, in beart to a knowledge of the Gospel. pure You should all rejoice in this knowledge. The more persecution and oppos; tion you receive the stronger your faith should be in the. divinity ' of the Gospel. Home is the starting point for every man and woman on the earth. There we are "born JearrT "to walk, talk, then to take cognizance of things near around, and then, as our abilities grow Stronger we learn to do small things, then sent"" to school to learn thV fundamental rules for ' forming an education as we journey-thoug- h . Carrying secrets dear and sacred, Carrying whisper'd love and joy, And alas, some 'whelming sorrow Crushing in its base alloy. "Men of letier"-rurcl- y arc ye white-wingedoves to all, Bearing You are truly sent to bices us l 3Je.11 "DON'T YOU GLORY IN THE POST- -. MAN'S KNOCK?" A'AVH-Jt- ad-vic- e, Emily B. Si'bkceb. 1 " r journey through life. to your wives, and children; let are tneir tnpnrJ luuu auu.w-yu- u !.Trf KotoO. . . Ul lKe VOUr f! ll rirpn vnnr .11 will in return,, mate you theirs.- -. Children, couhde in your parents; take heed to their for truer, friends you will never find; no one will ever be more interested in your welfare than they are. respect and love them; thank God your Heavenly Father that you were permitted to have such noble parent-- " Tiniest, brightestand largest together, Lineth tho beach like some fairy favor.' . 'lz)g a .model of. our Mormon homes in Utah. This is ' the doctiine I have been; taught froin ray earliest recollection. I wa3 born and raised in Utah of Mormon parentage;';' I know but little of the world outside of our Church. I know the Saints are sincere in their religion and will serve God rather than man, come weal or come woe. Our trust is in Him ' -- . . -- - . . ''2- How we should strive to make home the most pleasant place in the world; where per- - of-th- . 