WOMAN'S ii- - E.WXDT. .UA." V The. isga-t'-f-fTnT- Bbdioo and his CounsdorY-CJesexitVff- - minutes and re- raTftctr" were. very satisfactory, sehif rrttTa and the. nrecting was addressed by Asters L. were seated upon Howard, E; B; Wellr B :V. Smith and M. I, cr. Ce idard, of the Old Folks .:' ..v .'. . i" II' 11 II - . Horne. President Reid made a tew closing n.vM i.is:iop v . i. rresiun prayer and the meeting yvas :' i i.'hp)rE.Jfunter as c!ia,Kn oL, A bounteous, repast had been carried" urair mouslv. prepared by the members of the Society, aird Then came the "distribution of prizes, which is tables were. spread iiv'the hall, very handsomely ' orname'nted with a variety of flowers and anvavs an exciting lime,and" immensely interest season, at delicious ' fruits of the most ing. Tiiose over ninety, who wore white ribbon which the gn&sts were -- seated and waited bowi, were served first, and of course received soingjoftjie. the best,; people from .upon by the office rs of the Society,aDd -" and we' must not torget voung ladies of .theaToTr"--s to state that bandjjomijraritsville-came-- " Thk first annual meeting of the Relief Society of meTrTTandsome uniform" and furnished, excellent Granger, was held on Monday the 15th of June, music for the day. Mr; Radciiffe, the leader of 1SS5', at the school house, at 2 p. m.,Mrs Mary E. the, band, was 'given a fine centennial yatch, for , Porter presiding. After singing-- prayer was" the musical services rendered the old folks. offered by Bishop Dan McRae, and aftex singing Xe.xt, prizes were given to. all those present who again, minutes of the organization were read and had pulled hanilcarts across the plains; then to a vearly report, which showed that the sisters had the man who had the greatest number of living beef diligent and faithful in the discharge of their children, and to, the lady Who had been Io.ngest a several dutesThejpeUn widow; to Bishop Alexander M'cRae, w))o had Smith, E . B. VVells and ;E. H. been in prison wdth" the Prophet Joseph Smith in Woodmansee ;of Salt Lake City, and by Elder Liberty Jailj Mo. ; to Gretha Anderson, who h.ad Geo, B. Wallace, Bishop D. McKaejind Presi walked the entire distance across the plains; to dent Porter. ' A very good spirit prevailed in the the oldest man and woman from the Sandwich meeting, and the Bishop expressed his approval Islands, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, France; of the sisters' labors, and stated it was his intenGermany, Switzerland, Australia and Canada; to tions, sometime in the near future,, to hve a Brother and Sister Ringwood of this city, who Young Ladies Association and a Primary organe have lived together years; to the ized. The benediction was pronounced by Counman over eighty, the prize being awarded selor A. Sorenson. The Sisters from the city to Brother Lewis of this city, the old ladies the Bishop and wife, Elder Geo. B. Walace dering the" decision.. Prizes - to all the. blind; to and wife, Elder Park and wife, dined at the several women over seventy, who go out washing; residence of M. B, Porter, and feasted upon to the oldest bachel'Sfancl old. maid present; to S st e r, B 0 0 th of Indi a, v ho resicret; i n B e er3and.. strawberries, and after .the close of the meetin ay i partook of delicious ice cream, prepared by Sis-- " ter Mary Gerber. The prizes cpnsistedof rocking chalrsa trunk, hats, caps, bonnets, shoes, stockings, sockvcss By courtesy of Mr. James Dwyer, we have re- china"-anlatterns, parasols, canes, tea, coffee, wine, ceived the new.work just recently issued, entitled tea metal tea keltle, glass sets, copper "The Fall of the Great Republic." It is by Sir pots, etc., etc. Most,i them were handsome and durHenryStandish Coverdale, and is indeed quite a ' r able articles. " remarkable Fjook. It is written in a very novel way, After. the prizes were distributed the old peoand the most dreadful calamities are portrayed in were to treated ple cakes, candy, oranges and a literary style, calculated to hold the attention, lemonade, though one likes not the subject. It is very unlike At seven o'clock the party were all on board the any other book we have ever seen The author train, homeward', bound, and all feeling happy and evidently believes what he writes? and isthorough- - " joyful for the good time they had enjoyed together ly in earnest, though he tells things in his the It an was during day. culiar style. He begins with 1895, as though the interesting sight to see so many of the aged, and to think that the Gospel .woria had gone through all the important changes had, brought most ot them together, here in this" which are afterwards graphically described. : Sefar off western land, and to the varie cret organizations,' from dissatisfied conditions, contemplate ty ot experiences thr6ugh which .each one of these broughtabout through the conflict between capital " had passed.and labor, the hatred of the rich by the working God bless the old folks, and all those who people, these and similar causes, growing and ashonor them and contribute to their welfare and suming an alarming phase, culminate in outbreaks happiness. and lawlessness-- until there is a general outbreak in the United- States, commencing, according to . his prediction, in Chicago, on the 19th of EDITORIAL 'NOTES. April, 1887, when he describes a horrible carnival vof - The Relief Society of this Stake of Zion held blood, rapine and incendiarismwhich he further a quarterly conference, in the Fourteenth Ward The book, in many points, is depicts in detail. .1.- . v Assembly rooms on Friday, June 26th;commence- simudi 10 me propnecies ot Joseph Smith the in at 10 a. m., and 2 p. m., Mrs. M. L Hnrn Prophet !,: at anv rate thprPv ic Hm , "UWU 111 , I11IUU J. of every true Latter-da- y liiJu .will be Saint, that the trouhlps given inour next .issue. Saturday June are already beginning to develop that will bring" 27, the Primary Conference of this stake was held in the aoout alarming and terrifying consequences, that ' Assembly Hall, commencing. at 10 a. m., Mrs. win ena .in a most serious struggle, previous to the Lhen C. Clawson time of Christ's coming to reign a thousand years presiding. Reports" were re- . I. . . Mli ceuea irom near v LitAr ...v. -. ,lti4ua JU U1C siaKe,' in- -. m me millennium 01 peace. lhe book is for sale J;r lerspersed with songs and recitations from the at James Dwyer's, Main, Street, price, 35 cents several Associations. In the afternoon at 2 p. m. and will be mailed to any address, postage paid' tne 'Y. L. M. I. A. of this stake.-hpon receipt of price,, either in cash or two cent in the Assembly Hall. Miss NVIUp fnM.rHM.-stamps. The. book is worth a thorough perusal. v.viwun., . OreS!dm,... On Tuesday, June joth, a social party convenprl The annual meeting of the Relief Society of the uy oynauon 01 lister. Mannda Hyde, at the resi6th Ward of, this city, was held in the ward dence of her son, Alonzo, to celebrate the sevpn. meeting house on Monday, June 22nd, commence- tieth anniversary of the birth of this most esti- .tTfe - . ' '"-".'- . . . .. . . . -1 V 1 r o.; inc ; 4- -: v,-- - . . ' dismisslv -- - V . ;'rfef91i& . , (..';-;!;- i ;rn' ViwM.VN .fcXi'v.tNF.N a i. ' ' . after-liiat,4- TV. ! r.L;i. .Tui3.'le-aod-Grantsvill- S.IT Cut. LAKE- nj.l) CURS I OX. Aca.s .since t lie first excursion' of the old "people, on May 14th, 1875. Each timejl h has been a .success, happiness 4ul ihrise. whose life is' necessarily more or less mwas a"..happy idea the suggestion onotonous.' orlkoiher C. R. Sayae to give the a;ed this ar.rRial treat and iniist afford considerable satis .ct ion t; those wiyo first e"na;jed in the affair, to know how popular tiiseexcursioiis have become, ' ;i;ui how much the' old peoplehave enjoyed these, Lxleliiuful :;ouls." .. V ; 'rhu'se "wlio have contributed of their means to help the committee make the excursions in eveny way successful, will certainly-feedoirbly lest,and' in more than repaid tlic genuine enjoyment of those who are descending the down 111 of life. ; On Tuesday, June 23rd, by invitation 'of the comniittee, we 'had the pleasure of joining the "party:of veterans, wh.) went by'the L?!ah and Xe-.- . vada Railwav toiIarfie!d w'ercalToiTrt3o"iTefl,o"ns oyer seventy years of age, and quite a number of others, mikin. f in all about ' Sixth Ward silver band "played some (p. ..The good music at the depot as the train started. The morning was" delightfully cool afu.4Uhe refreshing shower on' Monc'ay, and the train arrived, after about an hour's ride, at Garfield Station, where fables and seats had been prepared under tne bowery to accomodate the party. The Old Folks' choir, Jed by . W. , , Foster, sarrgsome and Brother Dunbar played severpleasing songs, al tunes upon the bagpipes, which gave variety to the enjoyment. There was much social conversation, and the meeting of .old friends- - and- shaking, hands Was in itself a great pleasure.' The picnic seemed very '.plentiful; indeed all seemed not only to have but a yarietyr and cold and hot water, tea and coffee .wero furnished.-bthe committee, ' who spared no pains to make all the party feel at home, and enjoy themselves., .Somcindulged in the luxury of a bath in the .salt water, but everybody seemed, to-- participate-ithe general good feeling that pre vaile throughout the entire day. About o'clock, the train from Tooele County arrived .with two' hundred more, and carriages .and wagbns brought about 40.),; mostly from Tooele and Orantsville They came supplied with everything go;,d to entertain their paitv.'and beautiful flowers pienty to spare; also some very . . . ana swauociries cherries, .which gave then tables a harulMUk- appearance, and, were verv inviting. At 'to p.m. the committee had all arranged the mee oj.cn seated on the stand; the (alest person was Marv JJishop, from lanchester,; K hgland, who will 'be ninety.-nin- c on the 4th of S.eptem!,er next 'He next oldest was James Uerghon, English, who nii;- -- ..e ninety-thre- e on the Si h oi next S,.ntPmi,0. t ,r "..i, me uiiuit .s.i;ig ;,-oweet Uv and jfve .' and oraver jvas offered by- Elder "Ceon c d'oddard,' after , l! is r.uw-t'e- viiig-Trro'e- . " I 'ltie i -- . 1 1 , - 1 1 1 1 - tingAe 1 'ri,...i,:. - - . L'V.' 1 3 ., e'; the-bras- If FOLKS--E- X -t- wt-oJdest he . ' ' -- hand-"sorne- fifry-nin- ' st re-n- . i ; r"-.x,.-- .' d - " ow-p- e- . - . , - . ::i '.v synopsis-ofproceedings 1 trx-rrr-- .T : M -- . 1 . . 1 iK; I -- rfon - - - - ; 