WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 58 spend the night, which he ac- - well, Father John Smith, and AunLSabny j eepted, "leaving the wagon in charge of Orson : Granger, an w i jau.i-- Ji and little John. It was arran to drive and .care "Tcr the hor. was to attend to cooking and s v ....... l j The morninr of the Oth witnessed the fiual r seen him otten during of tackle, having fishing to the the of their on Pioneers way departure his (the Colonel's) sickness at Cutler's Park. weremountains. four days traveling They .follow-themAbout z p. m. the camp starieu, auu ramci U - the Platted river,, to whcrc-I-W- ill after which the journal closes at' Winter .Whitney, J. U. .Utile, wiuiam iyuuuuh, "Fair. Joseph B. Nobles, Lyimin Whitney, little John Horace wrote: Ouarters. Whitney, and others returned to. Winter' "Weather lor. traveling. Jfrotaeriuraball,the last mail from the Father,Brigham, and Dr. Richards started this (Quarters, bringing Platte. We were glad to learn that they, had morning, and went in Brother Kimball's carOrson drove my tesjrn and I rode gone on, thinking it would hasten their return riage. brother IJrigham's horse as far as his camp, home, besides their stopping so near made it where we. arrived about noon, seveir miles seem much harder than as though they were and traveling on. But we were not slow to nn- from home. Went on three miles furth-etho, nnnortumtieslo corresnond. livery camped by the side of a beautiful spring, nrnve tokens and letters of Orson on mesener .was the bearer .having made ten miles of affliction while they remained there; for we guard.' the chance "Saturday the 10th. Fair day as usual. did not know when we should have How fur they were going, or how long Father did not at first intend going on with again. could tell. would be our separation, no-o- ne us, but finally concluded to go to the 'Horn' They: were going beyond the trackless' wastes by lirigham and HeberV request' Travelled about. 1") miles and encamped on the of the. Great American Desert to what was then an 'almost unknown country, among-thprairie near a ravine," where we could get wild beasts and red men of the Rocky-- ' Moun--aB?- water, about six miles from the 'Elk Horn.' Trwer theyJ;o turn.. bac'kUll J,hey Sunday the lJth. Fair day. Traveled found suitable" snot where they could some and on arrived at the 'Horn' about 2 p. m., and crossed the river on a raft drawn on the form a colony, and make homes that they l)i)o.ite nide by cattle," with the of thought would hot be coveted nor encroached s side. nn cither. Brother Bullock Dr. upon by their white brethren, 'who had so I'iiji:' ii'(T:Ml .; (:i'ik, number of mercilessly driven them from their midst.' The out look was indeed a gloomy one, and needed wagons us they crossed, which amounted to .all the faith and hope that could be mustered seventy-two- . Went about a mile after cross ' the to su3tainusun(lef "th"eirtiimsrali'cpr'" ing down the stream and encamped death was sweeping away its victims, and W3nt wagons formed in ta line, our horses being hitched to stakes, and fed on cottomvood and. suffering seemed to be stariiig us in the trees, besides their allowance of corn.' Brother aeej-which T'euired;onragepand a -- raightyL Kimball told the brethren this morning he effort to obtain the requisite amount, to be able That was among the hoped that they would not go hunting orfish-fo- r to bear up under it. if they did so, they should not be pros saddest chapters in my history; and it made so pered, as this was a' day set apart for the vivid an impression that though years have service of the Lord, not for trivial elapsed, and erased many a scene of later date ments. Stood on guard the last they have not been able to obliterate it from my . watch." memory, nor can I ever dwell upon it without the 12th. Brothers lint the Lord was very merciful, add Monday Britain, Kim- weeping, -it was only ball, father, Brother Benson, O. Pratt, G. A. Dr. Smith, Richards, and a number of otheis many-werspared to - meet again in the flesh. .went back to Winter .Quarters, For all we were brought into tight places, and Before starting, it was agreed by the council that the many even to the point of death, there came remainder of us left jjehind should travel on deliverance when most needed. There was alabout twelve miles to the 'Platte,' in order to ways a bright star of hope glimmering between the heavy clouds as they bore down upon us, get across an extensive bottom that intervened, lest is should rain and make it bad going, actill at last it secmed as though -- the very cordingly ive travelled on and encamped' on heavens were being opened rto pour, down a the banks of the Platte, the sun being about healing balm upon the wounded and disconsotwo hours high. Formed our wagons in a late proving that "Earth has no sorrows-thakind of heaven cannot heal." uudcr Stephen Markhanrs who has the cannon iu charge. supervision, Brother Markham called the people together 'COULD YE NOT WATCH WITH ME this evening and told them it was the wish Of .ONE HOUR?" the Twelve that some should no ahead jiml look out for a good track to "follow. These- words of the Savior rose in Father my mind Case, Jack Redden, and two others volun- - last Sunday as I sat in the of the "six days labor;" and to prepare by silent communings for the receiving vf the.r emblems of the atonement spread out petore Whitney-- to . . -- v V , T ' ; 1 - ,, ,.. . .. . - r to-da- . to-da- y ' e -- took-down"t- -- y he ( -f- . - to-nig- , through4ik-iuterpositionthat"S- . their-thoug- o t semi-circl- e, - t cored. congregation at ior tne service to , Tnn,i.t-t- h 13th.- -ra " her Ca,e, J. Redden, j commence. nd the two others appomte.l went cut. Re- turned and reported this that they had ridden for. twenty or evening thirfyTmiles, and found a low marshy country in general. Friday.- The Presidency having ' returned, the camoI were called - hvrpiher ...... ulUllliVU "j, --Asis talking ulhcToiT mucirW on. ,ml L - semble to commemorate. It will ond day-bsaid: "The Lord is in lib Hufy Jemple, let ail flte earth kfPri .oilpnpo lnfnrp IlANNAlf P. KlKG. gust 27th, 1885. e J- 1" -- that-tremend- ous n F to get seated before, two' men, and could not avoid hearing their talk. I thought, of th iah-o- i small cords" by which die' Savior drove out "of the temnlAthrcp - - wl,fl mi" l,,,,,,,! 'JlIILUl, illlH sold in ir linH Hi.. rebukin? w.rds- - . A,luc,unuu .waning ' congregation. 1 query were even aware of those Preenee which th ey in dicated! or if in partakio of them they would frtii in .".realize the why and wherefore of the Their worldly talk must have also disact! tracted the "thoughts of those around them who were within. ..hearing. I asked myself the question, Is it possible these men bear the Holy Priesthood? I would hope not. What the congregation think when . must strangers-idiscussions they are liable 'to. hear just such " Can we feel injured f as fell upon my ear? these 1 they go 'away and' say,1 "How ignorant Most true, such conduct is Mormons are?" In all the the personification of ignorance. churches of the world silence i3 ever observed before commencement pf the service, and shall we. as members of the Church of Christ, fail in this beautiful and speaking silence when in I have ever lelt the in-- ; His Holy Temple? cessant talking upon all sorts of topics, often degraded to gossip, in our Tabernacle is derogatory to Saints. I cannot throw the mantle of ignorance over it for the principles of our holy religion ignore such uncouth rudeness a h t a t r ue aint has a!nIn i u i li v e "com)re-hensb- n of the 'fitness of things," and has the This. 'I inheavenly polish "of the Gospel!. stantly discovered on my first introduction to a Latter-daSaint, and I have in no instance seen it fail. We profess to stand on a higher platform than the world; yet in no other place, of worship did I ever see the latitude and lightness exhibited as in our Tabernacle; w. ' and we cannot feel injured when we hcaritrersanour.midst condemn the light nonsensical, gossiping talk that is carried on every Sabbath Day in our House of God! There "we see the elements of the atonement spread out before our eyes, covered- by pure white napkins, the cups that are to contain the emblem of the spilt blood of our Redeemer, and. shall the'minds of the congregation be so insensate that they cannot concenhts trateupon sacrifice which these elements typify? withdraw their thoughts from the cares and small joys pf earth, and fix them for a time upon the greatness and sublimity of eternity? or in His own touching words, Watch- - with Him one hour?" - Shall good manners mark everywhere in the world a lady and a gentleman, especially in theJIouse of God, and shall it be noted that in the Temple of the L. D. S. only are seen and heard the thoughtless and the irreverent? God forbid! Among ihem should drpccialbj bo seen "an outward and visible sign of an iuT ward and spiritual grace!" or by what can Ave " be judged? "The sweet amenities" of life may certainly be reciprocated in the House of God, kind inq u mes after the sick and afflicted would be in character, or short remarks-uposome of the principles of our holy religion, in low soft- -. voices, but business and" wordly cares should . all be left at home, that. the mind may be able to con centrate itself upon the holy riles we as- " iv.a '- -' i oung, Clarissa D. loung, and Ellen Sanders Kimball. Horace sneaks of RrntW J n tie, who was araonc the ht, K' 7. m. valuableprcSent, from Kane to ITeeldent li. Yoim Aitk -i 4. Ltr noes.- - imU) ar,il G,ld it m ill :ti in in i vVUVl. r - III . . III otter un nrriitpfn hrsi'.nHf.ril "I'll1..! t l,. hearts fjr all the blessinrrs so O . fctowed on His ri'MtiiMs . . , ! ,1 I , i kf JlK.r?,'cof im--, iw .v flurt raercIiaD.Jwing-.- in r. t0 ' l,'-:- . "In ine young women lately received the deoHhe gree of B. A. at the graduation ereVcises " of Dublin." Royal University - i M iraain:O' and trafiiciiH . fine, the wholo routine The American Woman Suffrage Association will hold its seventeenth annual meeting in Minneapolis, Minn., on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, Oct. 13, 14, 15. 