107 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A. CHRISTMAS PRAYER. customs and'raanners. As native women can-- ' nings. That is one. great r our young from inculcating' In tWr mWs a not be educated rapidly enough- to fill these HY M. "A. GKEE.MIAI.GI1. taste'- tor walking .the " "fefreetjj': n. place pj&tiMiw, 'k& field is an inviting ones4br the . ..... "... surely-mee- t wnere either sex will with o- - ;i?isuy vywing women physicians of England ' in me Thy mighty power exert, My God, cicty:Jl)at:' is entirely unfit .ivfofittffrftff and the United States. - 1 Jjatter-tlaEnlighten, comfort, sanctify my heart. baints - that are dcfcirous bi.4nug-in- g In Norway lady has a seat on the Royal ' and subdtfc will; my Sweeten my temper them up in the patlLS of riglitcouspess'aud ' Co.umiiasio'n ' to inquire the condition of Make me like Jeius, with Thy Spirit truth. A sister, while takinsr me throU'di her is - I want to lire on earth1 a life of faith, first schools. This the time a lady has house, after fall cleaning, for the purpose of ' 1 want'to credit all the Gospel s ait h, served on this Commission. And at the 'fifth me her arrangements lor the snowing viter, Savior's' I want to imitate my life, after entering the family eittiagToom said , Norwegian school meeting, which was held last sinful And ; strife; Avoiding lightness; gloom "this room I have fitted up neatly fur iny son August, ludTeTwere admitted ajs equal with the men. want to bring my sisters to Thy throne, 'niQIVantcript says: "It ami daugliter who .work' 'during the day, arid, I want to love and honor Christ alone, Js worthy of: mt-- that, while Norwegian are. fond of going out in the eVehiiigrcspscialljr I want. to feel the spirit's inward'power, son. - I wihcd to do all I could to make it clergyman have hitherto been. greatly opposed my for death's important hour; And stand prepared to women taking any part in public work, so attractive for them that they would not a a want I . meek, gentle, quiet fame, not one. so tar. has obiected to tueir bare to leave home to r society. TIib A heart that glows with love to Jesus' 5iame, spsaking in public at thse school meeting.." sofa I h five placed here iir this cosy corner exI want a living sacrifice" to' be ' to 'loungo on pressly for-- my-- son M " who died a sacrifice for me after his of partakiDg "supper, as ha is I want to do whatever God requires, MI3CELLANFOUS. generallv very 'tired, I have 'found after once want a heart to burn with'pure desires; resorting to this cosy retreat, with bo k in ")h. Lord, pour out Thy Spirit on my soul, ' Frankness speaks of those present as if they with few he but lime the hand, Tn by aud exceptions, will. control; Jemper my tongue My as usually went his way down town, he really were nb5ent;.atid charity of Iead me tfirough lii$ to glorify Thy grace, seemed disinclined, I might say, (laughing) if they were present. And after deaUYto sec Thee face to face. too lazvand comfortable, hence hi? evening Meadow. t are really spent at home," What Precept is example written in sand, and washed away by the: tide; example is instrucexclaimed, as I glanced around the room. Faction engraved on the rock. WINTER. ing the south was a .large bay window hand' somely decorated with beautiful .plants, some A handsome woman Vplenses the eye, but a Two windows and the jarge'jairy. light. facing Winter at last is here in pomp and, magnifigood Uoinau pleases the heart. .The one i a west were, also well dressed- - with ivy and has The and the other ushered in. itself beautiful cence: it a treasure. other No. dark hea v curtain 7 lovely plants. of been one of has carpet replaced by grass imi rp wnirp snnw n nunpr sirn obstructed the light,- but instead were tho?e of i"inr i ur a regular sonata, but like the JEolian harp, to beautiful seasons, so4 likewise are Fall and thin pure white texture. A ''beautiful fire' await the inspiration of the passing breeze. place, a center table drawn up proxWinter. to ; readthe sofa well 'laden With 'choice imity AVho ddeV hot love; as in thc.eveuing they Education commences at the "mother's, knee, chosen from the book case standing in the ing, are, seated before a cosy ,;fire, to bear the wild corner. Many things parsed through my mind and. every. worH spoken within the hearing of winds ot winter first coming like a low moan as I took all this in. ; I think this would be a a child tends toward the formation of characing whisper, then louder,' shriller, and more ter.. (rood fesson for all, as we are never too old to fierce, until it seem3 battling and waging warfare with-somunknown power. As 1 have learii. I wonder how many young boys and girls The man whoso soul is in his work finds his could be seen oh the streets at night,. if all -- ?Uch on darkness the best into a night reward in the work itself. The joy of gazed out the rule of this sister mentioned above. adopted as this my soul ha9 seemed entranced with' the "VT C a i l ..II'.. achievement is vastly beyond the joy of reor now we ixo Juno maiier possess woriuiy 7 wardswild weird scene betore me, and onen, as i .V-- can make home .'attractive and we goods room the winter on thus have. eat a. evening, t i 1 1j i a rr v lj , pi easan t and the long winter even i n g is the -ii v ....... i ni parseu,i is time when much good can be done. asked the teacher., "Be"Why?-plural.'; gloWjVVhittier'abeautiful.jwem'Snow Bound,'! Ida. cause it takes two to make one," said the 1..to mind. was most iprciuiy Drought child. Again, who does not love to view the trees on a clear, frosty., inorning; they stand forth, A BKETON CUSTOM. There is a respect due to age, but there is nf snmv and. dranpd in their nuro whirft-rnh!- ?s also a respect due to youth, the lack of which can hardly stand glistening until one's-eyeA rienna letter, to the San Francisco Alia. accounts for many a failure in the household the radiance. All, all. in loveliness; it seems On Michaelmas day all the young and in systerris of education. that one can never tire feasting oni the'glories says: in ,a district of Brittany who desire to au'd beauties that bur Father, has decorated this women enter the married, state assemble on a particumotlier earth with! I thank .God that. I have as he took hold of his youngest to give him a been given an appreciati ve mind to enjoy all lar bridge, tricked out in all tkeir finery, and take their seats on the parapet. The eligible "dressing,'' '"I'll teach you what is what!" "No, this loveliness of nature. :' the incorrigible, " i ou 11 teach papa.-replievoung men "from Penze and the neighboring - How 'beauliful winter scenes sweet of ' many me which is switch." childhood are recalled to ray mmd. liow parishes presently make their appearance. They scan. the features of the seated damsels,, with" eager hasted hood ' and - mittens,' were An American lessee tells the fdlowing with arid when atlength a swain has fixed his choice donned preparatory to skipping off to school, reference to the late General Graut "The first on a particular nymph, he approaches and snow sometimes even with" the fence as spoken act was over, and we were chatting in the offers! her his hand to help her to the ground.' ' of in "Snow ? Bound"," would have a hard wings with our manager, when one of the she accepts his hand for this particular serJf a passage over it was vice she crust for life. The parents are boys rushed up to tell .us that General Grant it accepts thie safe." be would there and family were in one of, the boxes. A flush Then; too,! perfectly intermission between lessons, when sports, such never very far off on these occasions, and if of gratified pride mounted to the managerial the young couple they raise no as face, followed by a look of agonized doubt as skating on ice,or riding.down- - shake hands, andobjections, soon follows. : the wedding hill on - home-mad- e sled r were, enjoyed with he evidently reflected that perhaps the general and , the had come in ".with; au order. 'Did you send great hilarity. mirth, until, silvery him a box, llobson?'. he asked me; and, on my, tinkling of the bell warning us that pur time NOTES AND NEWS. for play was up, was heard f by our .unwilling replying in the negative, he pulled a card but: then with haste and would c ot his pocket, and, scribbling a line on it, told return all ears, ' Srimati Swarna is editor the Kumari ' Deyi fusion to reaii me qu r lessVnS.'.with" gl arid bring the boy;to;take it to the owing of a well known in the Bengali, journal cheeks, '"uickbieathi" and Jfast beating heart back au answer. The boy rushed off, his head Bharati. , She h not the only Bengali lady full of the from over exertion. All is so plain to my mind's general, and returned in a few : who has d kfiiigimKedliexself . inTIihe-ilehX- Iof minutes witli r.ie same card, which he banded "v." jl wu' 1UJU3L ILUclglUO LUJZVIL IU1UU UUCtJ Sun-daBama the as late ' ' journalistiG literature, A ghastly look crossed his to the again." : ; Devi started a vernacular magazine and face a"imanager. The winter bring? its pleasures and we he read it, and, without a word, he conducted it. with ability for manyyears. should all fo me. .The first line read,' in the do handed it to with to any try have nothing but such amusements as will ennoble and edify .Lady pdffjrin, in her efforts to introduce rather shaky managerial ciligraphy, 'Did Gen. U3. women physicians in India, is encouraged by Grant pay for his box?' while underneath ap Then:'again'there,v'is so touch thafmothers : can do to keep! their children from mixing up the liigli priest! of Bengal. They say . that peared; N6; T bo Viny Fsdn Fred did. U. S. with pleasure that would be a source of evil to she deserves the'earnest Grant.' The boy had taken it to the box inof every Hinsupport " them. Make home pleasant on winter eve stead of the doo who has Ian attachment for his national - - - . . . , y jj : i . fill-"- . , co-work-- . . I ' s - seek-othe- : - ; , " 1 ' the-abcnt-one- -- je-.ve- l, ; i : in-clos- " e ; e -- ' " . . 1 1 1 i " , . 1 eT-scn- ooigi ' Y s 1 d over;-lcsctoa- snow-ballin- t g, box-oflic- e ' . - : ' ri - " box-office- ." : ' ' 