w WOMAN'S: EXPONENT incrfnrv lvTl7riTTl Air TwM The writer warpef&3nally acquainted with Sis ter Phoebe V. WoodrufT .since the sojourn of the Saint's in VVinterQuarters, and always found her a true friend, a woman whose word was sacred, and faithfuhto duty at all true in every olace i times, a mother in Israel in very deed, firm and nn lincnin? ra the hour ot trial, patient ana un- complaining in adversity, and always a comfort .and strength to her family, and all with whom she ' was associated. Her funeral was held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms,On Thursday,Nov.i2,at one p.m. where she had so often addressed the sisters in their "meetings. Beautiful flowers in profusion were laid upon her coffin; also a sheaf of wheat, fully ripe, emblematic of her life and works. The coffin was borne from to the Hall by members of the family and near friends, followed by the mourners, sume of "the Apostles- - and Board of Directors of the Deseret Hospital and the Relief Society of the ward, jn regular proces- - ". ; ' ' on - sion. ' -. - ' they-stopped and enjoyed the trip very much indeed; also the society of those with whom they traveled through e in conthe settlements, and all whom tact with, and no doubt the visit of the sisters will be productive of great good to the Relief Society and Y. L. and Primary Associations, as it is gratifying to get such practical instruction, as well as spiritual, as can only be given verbally from those who have had years of experience in teach iug and advising oth ers.' they-cam- e .. hro irtonfl'fffVc itr as far as Price, where aga,ih and .organized the children in a Primary Association in the forenoon, and in the afternoonTattended a meeting for the organization of a "Relief Society in that ward. In journeying through the Stake, the sisters met with the utmost kindness from Bishop's, and many kind friendVan.d acquaintances, and were every where most hospitably entertained, ' her-hom- f R EASONI N G O N M 0 RMO N I S M. - Zvnjh&y&AhaX is brought to notice here is, polygamy; Qur best busines men, with, good sound judgment, doing business in a straightforward, honorable way, showing good, honorable. .treatment to their households, courtesy and respect tq the opposite sex, are tried for good conduct. No lady in Utah need fear an insult from these most honorable gentlemen, who .are the peers of those . J .t Ji: A. me prosenpuve ijaws 10 persecute umt who 1..; iianuie honored, citizens, and let rascals go to themselves free, boot, if justice was meted out; sent here to break up an upright community, who are trying to live by their industry, after struggling through privation and hardships, and through many years of toil, have gathered a "small annuity to support their dependent families; it is now wrenched from them; by whom? An official, that has not wiggled his.little: toe to earn - one dime of what he Jakes from his honest peer, and thrusts him out of society, and deprives him of his usefulness and his family of that support, jhat .giTc nicy die cuniicu iu iccivci them the length of the rope and they will hang What themselves. Shame on such doings! wonderful lozic. what ereat oratory, and what y ' -- law-abidin- g hard-earne- d . . The funeral services were conducted by Bishop The Latter-da- y Saints are the friends of manThomas Taylor, and the singing, which was very kind. They love virtue, good order, rnorality,and touching,: was rendered by the ward choir. everything that will bring about a reform in a .sensroi uia a c red a I JlisImDJDVAVT4tttney-offerjhisTthey end or s e w i t Iral tttreTr lyp mind where that great Ecfmuhds and brief speeches were made by Apostles' H. J. and good will. They love , to do God's energy T r Tl P.. M. In constitutional crime comes in. Che would think, vjrant,j x. amim, msnop l.. u. Young, rrest. a. bidding and keep-Hi- s holy commandments. O. Smoot, and Apostles J. W. Taylor and F. D. naturally, that nvise heads were getting' scarce. all ages of the world God" has chosen individuals There must be a lack of weight iaj the brain. Richards and the Bishop, each one testifying here on this earth to declare His word and purThere is no force in the law to quell, mob.violence, to her integrity,faith and good works, and relating, poses concerning the inhabitants thereon. outbreaks; ruin-Jsin some instances, incidents in her life and society He has given a commandment to the Elders of .or1. put downr secret ' . 'I ihttvctiic ui unit:. this" Church, to go ihtoalI the world, to every Ye officers of state, look well to home affairs very affectively rendered, and the benediction pronation, tongue and people, and preach the Gospel; let your eyes rest on sin of the blackest hue at nounced by Patriarch John Smith. Thus after a "H that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, 'x 1 J your own tioors. lime is snori,i ao noi wasic n long ana userui lite, she lias passed to her rest in but he thai believeth not shall be. damned," and on Utah. First make clean the inside of the the full hope of a'glbrious resurrection beyond the signs shall follow them that believe. If the Saints will clean both the grave. "Blessed are the' dead who die in the signs follow the believer, then they have obeyed platter, and the Latter-da- y comes great ease." Lord." thetrue Gospel. This is one proof they have, sides. "Of little meddling " Mary Ann M. Pratt. Saints as for the same signs follow the Latter-da- y the Former Da Saints. EDITORIAL NOTES. Another proof of the validity of this Gospel is FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE. been the God re that has true of the knowledge Mr. Geo. H. Scott, Local Agent for the which gives to His people eternal life vealed, Laie, Oahu, II. I., Oct. 28th, 1885. Geneva,New York, Nurseries,- has arrived in the this is 'And 17th chapter, StrJohnr Dear Sister Wells: city for the purpose of soliciting orders, for fruit life eternal, that they might know Thee, the only trees and ornamental trees,, shrubbery, etc., etc., true God, and jesus Christ, whom Thou hast . Since I wrote last, Sister Kaahanui Kaleohano, for spring delivery of 1886. The Geneva nurseries one of our best Hawaiian sisters, prominently conhave been doing business in the northwest for sent." And again, the Savior saith, "No one knoweth the Son except the Father revealeth nected, for many years, with the Relief Society of many years past, viz.: the Territories ofJVIontana, these Islands, and mother to Sister Lucy Kahaule-li- o Him.v The Father said to Joseph Smith the Dakota, Utah, etc., etc. A large shipment wjll Ioane, now in Salt Lake City, has been called Prophet, "This is my beloved Son, hear ye Him." be made here this fall. The trees shipped here to her last rest from mortal ills. She was a faithAs the Father and Son stood before him, Joseph to this section have been first class in every Latter-da- y ful Saint up to her last moment on Smith saw true Qod, whom the Latterrespect, --and in most cases are doing well, as the I and was for a long time a counselor to the will Son. also His here earth, testimonials published will showKand these few day Saints worship, President of the Relief Society of the Islands, give a description of these two personages in the represent the opinions of a great many people, but her failing health made it difficult for her to language of Joseph Smith, Book of Covenants, for the shipments have been large here for a num. Section 130, 22nd verse: . perform the duties of that position, and at last ber of years past. 'Mr. Scott will take orders "The Father has a body of flesh and bones, as April Conference she,was released from that call- - : principally for ornamental trees, shrubbery,plants, also." Then He is a ing, and chosen for a counselor to the President etc, etc. He makes this work a specialty. Office tangible as man's; the Son is material being? ; And this according to the of the Laie Society, where her duties would be Central Block, West Tempte. more local and lighter, without materially lessen Bible teaching. Genesis, 25th verse, "And God Sisters Minerva W. Snow and Elizabeth said, Let us make man in our own image after our ing the value of her services to the cause. Howard made a tour through parts of Emery own likeness. " The Savior tried to impress upon She joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- Co. in the month of October via. the D. & R. G. the minds of His disciples that he that saw Him day Saints in July, 1 851, being baptized by Prest. Railway. They arrived in Price on Thursday saw the Father, and said He was in the express Georgo Q. Cannon. She was then about fifteen had Oct. a and the of Father. went on to Huntington, evening, 22nd, vague years of age, having been born July 2nd, iS36,and Probably they image died on September 4th ult., of dropsy, after a Friday, and held a general meeting there in the idea of God as they worshiped idols then; as now severe and lingering illness of several months, afternoon, which was well attended; Bishops and an imaginary god is worshiped an immaterial Other which she bore with remarkable cheerfulness and substance he is composed of. If I am conversing of Saturday they went over to Castle Dale, accomwith a friehd,ancf they remind me something of fortitude, putting her trust in the Lord, by which I is panied by Sister Ann Pulsipher, Coun. to Sister-Anninot much importance, reply, "It quite immat- e- she was relieved from all fears or anxiety respect- Larsen, Prest. of the Relief Society in that rial to me." Do they not understand this invisible, ing the final change, that for "weeks she calmly Stake. Here they were joined by the President incomprehensible being as a phantom,of not much anticipated. She was much beloved by all the who resides in that Saints at Laie, and by all that knew her, as was place, remained there over importance, it would be immaterial to take notice Sunday, attended the Sabbath; meetings, and on of his immaterial majesty, if so, we can account fully attested by the entire colony, who gathered to pay their last respects to her remains, shedding held from Monday for the falling jaway three meetings, one with, each orjustice, and the . . ganization. On Tuesday the sisters went over to of good and wholesome laws, and many tears for her departure. Moab and held a The conference of the Improve general meeting; then went oh for the great amount of crime that goes un to Feroh, where ment Associations was held at this place, :on they held three meetings, and punished. men to Orangeville,where Out. here in Utah we have a standing post of October 2nd. There was a goodly attendance, they also held meetings,' and from there to and the exercises.were creditably performed, show- -. Wilsonville, where they met Government soldiers. They 'are paid by "Uncle with the Relief Society" and ing commendable improvement in the young peo- organized a Primary Sam" to be idle, get drunk and disturb the peace; Association; From there they returned to Hunt- - there is no manner of use for them here. The1 "pie, and that an upward impetus has been given -- temporal-lyTuidprrin- ia - - - 1 ray e - - 7 es-to-cn- , .... - law-abidin- g, T T T 1 T A t m ...-'- ' 1 - ' rr-- f a - . . - 3rd-vers- e, - the-onl- y " , e non-enactm- ent semi-annu- al -- , ; 