WOMAN'S EXPONENT. It 3.. 31 Prest. Home made a very able address to the officers, giving specific and timely instrucJrifTf flnrf fnw was caused by the want of vegetable food and living eo long on salt meat without it. Johnson and his sister (MarindaJPfdej being It was now a year or more since the majority with u. The heaviest enow storm of the sea h aiLleft thei r homes and ci vili zatian- - ben i rid , son visited us that night, which prevented the other side and our trail was marked by., the lonely them from returning home-mounds ot the dead, who: had made a happy of the river the snow having, completely -blocked up all the roads.. On the Sunday fok escape from the sufferings "and ' want to which -- we were so many years subjected, through the fowing another family meeting was held-a- t still unwell. Brother wickedness and injustice of man. . Tather'sTwHoTwas quite . Tlirrf iVa rrro oil r tion ya . ".."T." j events mat are aoout to transpire. Uonterence ni-nn- n . then m adjaarhedcMb-tioRjiy-MS- W i Brown and Bishop Whitney preached. .... , ti poor, and the soldiers wives of the several met at the Council Housa Jocnioy., wards, . . T nemseivesi 1 1 auenaeu,-wiiu'sameoiueJ rs "T i I - -.- 4 1.. . ' Singing. Remarks were made by Mrs. .Minerva W. Snow, Prest. . uj?sdayh wj-- Secretary E. Howard. She spoke upon the spiritual progress of the L. M. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS K. S., Y. daughters of Zipn of duty-- aaa who - testily- - oi the- goodnesroT"Uod; said . 1" oi She was (olio wed by her Counselor, Mrs. Annie Ivins, who referred to the labors oi the sisters of St. George, and the blessings that attended ,. the band." The Relief Society of Oneida Stake was or consider-flkl- y 24th. Snowed the "Wednesday,: ganized m October, 1884, Apostles Jb. M. Ly wife's we t a3 My 8 yesterday. arJohiiW-Tayl- o being present and -- ay-a- wJia.areJui-the-path-- ;' l ir .1 r i juuvio, uuuvuuptawv MUlvb auu UUIUU tne rresiaencjr oi tne otaKe m tne assisting z afflicted with canker. She has now been existed there. that Mrs. Elizabeth Fox of Franklin organization. sick five weeks last Sunday. I am also troubled Coun, E, S. . Taylor, Secretary E. Howard, was 'elected President: Mrs. Ann Hales of considerably With, the canker in my mouth. "Gentile First Counselor; Mrs. Mary Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, Secretary of Central The compauy of pioneers will probably start Hawkes Valley, of brankhn. becond Counselor: Mrs. Board of Relief Society, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, for the mountains in about four weeks, in or Dr. Maggie C. Shipp, Dr. E. S. Barney, each Annie Hatch, Secretary, and Mrs, Josephine made a brief, bttt interesting and edifying adder to get to. our place of location in time to Assistant Secretary, 'May berry, dress, and Prest. Horne made closing remarks, put in a spring cropr The Relief Society of Oxford, Oneida Stake ; i i .i On the 1st day of March he wrote: "Beauti reviewing wnai naa Deen sposen oi Dy tne siswas reorganized on the 28th of June, 1885, ful weather. Ellis Eames, a player oh the Mrs. ters, and exhorting all' to diligence and to the former president,"having Boyes, Polly violin, came up from the Point a number of practice economy. Among the subjects treated resigned her. position. Mrs. Mary Jane Hendthe- - band, including him and mygelf, went ricks was chosen President, with Mrs. Lewis upon by the sisters was the storing of grain around in a sleigh this evening (Porter driv and donating to the Deseret Hospital. and Mrs. Crocker as Counselors. Conference adjourned for three months with ing) and serenaded several places in the town: Bro. Kimball was along with us. We stopped and benediction. singing taylor, arizona. at Bishop Hunter's and plaved a tune, then,by SALT LAKE PRIMARY. """ .mviiaiion or xsro. jvimoau, went to nis nouse, Editor Exponent: lhe Quarterly Conference of the P. A. of where we spent some time in dancing." Held We of annual the our review, Primary Salt Lake " Stake was held in the. Assembly This "Tuesday, the 2nd. 21st. 1885. There were presHall, June 27th, at 10 a.m., Mrs. Ellen C. evening Bro. Kay arrived from the Punkaw Association May and children of a ent Clawson nresidinc Onened hv fiintrincr "HM quite upwards seventy nation, having left his family and some others ' We a had en their number of very parents. you think to pray," etc. Prayer by Sister fifty miles from here, not being . able to get time.! with Meeting .opened singing omitn. omging, "in the chambeas of the nere, in consequence oi their teed tor cattle joyable unoer uro. mountains." Minutes of previous conference oi the direction the rnmary, by having failed. is who to ever Harrison assist read and accepted. Verbal reports were Pearce, willing a number of "Wednesday, given Bro. Wm. Solomon. us. the band went around and raised a contribuSinging from several wards, and two little girls from Prayer by tion for Bro. Kay, in com and meal, etc. We by the Primary. Opening speech by Prelident the 16th Ward sang,." What is fairer than the Magdalena Pearce. The programme consisted rose." Some other wards reported and Miss got nine bushels of the former. Played with some others of the band for the quorum of of songs, recitations, select reading, diaDora. Boreman of the 19th Ward recited a Bible and Answers. and We logues Questions piece entitled "The Martyrs." After some High Priests, whose parties commenced yester must especially mention a recitation by four more reports, Miss Irene Daynes sang a song day." "Give little little a the chance," entitled "Grandpa's DarlinGr..' accomoanied on boys boys The next day he says, "Thi3 morning Bro. also and exercise an song bysix very little the organ by Master Josie Daynes, who after-- : Kay and James-- Clayton started with their pro- ' e7 visions - to - go back; also this morning Ellis girlsymi a song, 'Look on th brigh t side,"by wards gave" an orsran solo. The 1 7th Ward Misses Maria and Rebecca Standford and was then reported, and a very little girl from .Lames, J. Keddmg, Merit Rockwell,-'.twoMabel Pearce. the 7th Ward gave a recitation. Three other Jadies, and myself went down to the point in Stake Then our Haw Elizabeth President, wards reported, and a recitation waefiven hva xru. xvimuau s carnage, ana attended a party, to the read the of children an kins, parents boy from the 10th Ward. Other wards were I took my flute to assist Bro. Eames in playinrr. address made eloquent by our beloved.sister, Had a very good time, good supper, etc" reported, and a recitation given by a little girl R. b. at Lhza Weber btake bmith, Conference, from South Cottonwood On the evening of Saturday, the 5th, Bro. ard, and after some March which after Wm. Brother 188o, 12th, other wards had reported; Fanny Day of the John Kay arrived with his family. - Willis made some en Solomon and Merrill 12th Wrard sang a song. Mrs. Aurelia S. There was a meeting of father's company of remarks all. to Benedic. V. M TT I couraging nt of Singing. ntnnn President the Rogers, Primary of Davis pmccie, ucm tti UUJ UUUUCn XAUUSf, iUOUday tion by Bro. Joseph McCleve. . it " morning, being; the' intention for some to j '"vn muii xvijativi lj In the afternoon we had a dancing party for the children. start soon, though the majority were not to Conference adjourned for three months. start under a week or so. Here Horace and the children, and they enjoyed the mselves,and to we feel bless all children the of Zion, and Singing, "The Lord's Prayer," bv the children his brother Orson, concluded to go with the who in are all our Father's 1'rayer by Uoun. Liydia Ann Wells. engaged building up pioneers in place of their father, and assist in ; putting in crops, till the ground, etc, that the kingdom. for tho success of the Wishing Exponent families, when they came on, might have somewho and all those to are help forward trying thing to move to, All were busy now preparthe great work, we remain, NOTES AND NEWS. ing, and laying in their supplies for the jourYour sisters in the Gospel, r : ney. "Mrs. Elizabeth Eaglesford is the first Magdalena Prest., Pearce, Sunday, the 14th, my husband wrote: "By Ann Datton, Cor. Secretary. woman admitted to the bar in Indiana." . father's request I went and copied an important document, which took me the greater part London, July 13. A mass meeting of : SALT LAKE STAKE. of the day and into the night." women was held at Princess Hall this afternoon The revelation on. plural marriage was the The'Relief Societv Conference of Salt Lake to consider ways and means to protect youno-girl"document'' referred to, the Bishop having tho Stake was held in the Fourteenth Ward Asfrom the horrible pitfalls of London, as in one existence, which he afterwards sembly Rooms, Jrne 26th, commencing at 10 revealed by the Pall Mah Gazette. Mrs. Booth only crave to President Ynuncr refaininrr a mnv; and other ladies made eloquent addresses, and a.m., Mrs. flrl; 1. I torne presiding. After sing" He mentions the black scurvy, which had and the meeting resolved that the laws on the subing prayer bj Coun. E. S. Taylor and singbegun its work, .and already many cases ing, the minutes c f the March Conference were ject should forthwith be made more efficient: had proved fatal. Itwould commence withdark read and accepted and roll of Presidents called. denounced the state regulation of vice,demand-e- d streaks and pains in the ends of the fingers Twenty-nin- e a total repeal of the contagious diseases act, war Is were represented, all of or" toes, which increased -- and i them bf as the till and that the age of consent .be raised from 13 spread iqg j good working order, the limbs were inflamed and became almost black," general 18. to The meetiog also voted to send a re in to wisdom: feeling being improve such Intense ofdeath would and' knowledge, and to increa?e in faith and cord causing i9 proding to the House of agony that m. welcome m a wltfw- from thsir of Qtk and yf ustfulncea, suffering, chanty Z3JllEi3improvingfiTowly.Sneha3- - lately-bee- n n. . .1 .i.ii.. , - - , t -- . . A 1 . . s -- : - - 