WO tc children have Hbrtd harda teeh theiu thai what la written In the Old and New Testa-m;ii true and will have a bearing oa their eternal destiny; and that they sprung from these plural marriages a wja back to the Patriarchs, sad thai deny; their otioal ahT bat keep in eye to the mark; Uftl they ctry, must do the works of Abrahaai to , become his children; and according to the New Testament, he did the works of righteousness. Oar motto ia reform and reeeceiAljono-all evil. lead pure and holy live?, mat we may be prepared to meebour Savior, at His for-i- fc tecand read?;hja: rtame Jeeus whom y e8a w ascend up into heaven hall in like manner descend from heaven;" aod He will come In the clou is of heaven, with all the hoiy angels with Him, and every eye shall ' ' 1 '.. tee Him. Wt-cannot the Litter day Saints b3 left alone to enjoy their mountain heme, that they have so diligently hbjred for, and left to read their Bible and understand It a3 God is its inter-- , prefer. "Know this, that every man is free th nt thefMii . C .adeent-to-tbe-ear- tbj To choose bis life, or what he'll be; For this eternal truth Is given, That God will force no man to heaven. " . ss We pray that He may enlighten our mindp, enlarge our understanding, that we may learn more fully of His ways and walk in His pathf. Ann M. Bait Lake City, April 24th, 1SS5. MO Pratt. E XT U 1 IN U.d. hard, buTuvvalu, to oVerthruw tun w:vk,f How iittlado they unJtrsUnd wht will rta 1; frcm their present labo.e. My hi art Dieeos i themil do siueereiiPpIly not what they do. They are groping la utter darkles waited view... of. tho' future.' vrtainlv had a xpronhctic i j Tov, if this is t bo, how will it be brought about? Is not Christ's sermon on. the M.)unt t lheKirthpnw J v :noohdayr' J..', - Thus, looking at the trying picture, I feel to wait patiently till the tlma of God arrives, whtu all mmshll have their just duo. ;Wa now can ! . man. . . their minds strictly and faithfully in observ- fjLUCd 01: Lis riinuumcs, win uiaj3 nuu u "ap)yf Iriff pfftirt nlar 'hot I: a light and intelligence feeling of charity, which they did not perceive belore, cilied the ' .. justice, and if that r'ght ia refused us,' which God bat given us to worship Godj accord ing iences we i aa- t htrdictates "Oflou fl a wn then ap::eaf to "a higher court, where j J9lice Is given to all men.. for Thtn woe to the nations of the God ha3 decreed its destruction, an I Hisjud. ment must cimz, Thy ciuaot rule the courts of heaven, therefore, they muft, without doubt, reap the re ward of their labor; yet I do not wish them harm. No; I wbuli to God they, "could see the folly of their Sways', arid the flaal. result of their wretched doing?. They have caueed families to mourn and bi left without their leaders and protector?, left to protect themthe families ' selves the beat way they can. that to day mourn the absence of those they hold . dearer than their own lives, are firm, and whir the a d of God A'mighly,' will baar it a!l, ven unto a most cruel death, for their holiet.cf religions, which wa3 given parsonally from God to Though being a member 0 th9 family of one of those brethren that have been unlawfully sent to that far cfTDatroit, I feel to acknowledge the hand of Providence in ail our circumstance-'Though bereft of our leader through prayerful-nes- , and cmtinualiy slriviug to follow his teachings, in obeying the commands of God, w find comfort In the loneliness we endure. Within cur home is a happiness that the world cannot dream of. Thiey cannot comprehend the true, s heneat love ia our happy home, a3 we gather round our hearth and converse upon the goodness of God, and His loving kindnecs towards Hi$ people. Could they but under-- ; stand they would at once ay, There is happy home. Look how cheerful the faces of tiioo women and children are; they are united in all good. How tidy and cleanly the rooms are! There, on either side of the bright burning flrp, are the chairs cf the mothers, which, when the evening task is performed, are ready to receive J them. Each Sabbath finds them fasting and praying for the Saints of God, for all thuse who are in trying circumstances. Thus, in our Comfortable, but not richly decorated home, we find ourselves 'enjoying the comforting spirit of peace, and are contented that the wilf of God ta done, and tho beloved absent one te returneJ in His own due time; whjla he, in his far away prison home, is content with his lot until the Lord sees fit to grant it otherwise, and feels to thank GoJ that prison doers have been closed upon him for serving Him who is greater than all. Feeling that I have . written enough, I desire the blessing of heavenly comfort to abide in the .habitations of all th Sain ts. I remain, A sister in the Gospel of truth, Those who apply tho first stepping stone? good Spirit. , . Spirit will expand the mind and ti Hi vatmTTQ33:efcise(T7as jenlaxgeythc-jsowri it certainly will be by, applying our minds to 1 . This trood -- f-e- iTL ! T on Ann i ; ... i - I ... . rtrnn f i-- ltTi . lacnn - How dreadful and depressing it is to any thinking mind to dwell, even for a moment, on the battle field of nations, and the destruction of human life in consequence, the mighty mass of men sent into eternity, unknown and unrecorded, Such is human passion, and inch is war! 'Yet the world rhaa deified its great warriors and starved its benefactors. What sort of proportion is therebetween the beneSt. conferred by the English nation upon the Duke of Marlborough In the victory of Blenheim, and that bestowed upon England and the wcrld by John Milton In the gift of "Paradise Lost?" None at all. .The work done by the poet Is bo infinitely superior to that accomplished by the warrior,-tha- t a comparison can scarcely be rendered. And yet the Parliament and Queen of Great " Britian bestowed upon the Duke,after the battle of BIenheim,a royal diadem with royal revenms beside devoting five hundred thousand pound8 sterling to build a pi lace fit for to great a warrior to live iri! While John Milton was obliged to sell the copyright of his great poem for ten pounds, and died comparatively unknown and poor. By that great poem thousands of people have been literally gaining a 8ub3:stecce in England, and making their fortunes, to say nothing of the tens of thousands whose minds have been invigorated and enlarged by feeding on it; while, by thereat victory, and the magnificent of its revenues, that might h&ve supported "thousands, have been devoted exclusively of the luxury and splendor of a single family! This grand residence bears the name of "Blenheim." H. T. K. re-wa- rd Till ED AS BY FIRE. . I look around me dally and seelho workings of wicked and designing men, who are'etriving that-exist- Grace. Omer, April 20 th, 18S5. A QUESTION, OR WHY IS IT? Why did our Savior teach His disci Dies to pray, saying, ''Our Father who art in heaven, Hallowed be Thy name. --Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth as it is heaven," etc. Would He have taught them to pray for this if it would never come to pass? For He . Tf . 1 i. vance to any perfection without it; as also its 1 spirit attending our efforts.';-'This sermon hasjiad some attention given it by the cnurcnes just enougn io noia society together..; But this will not be sufficient in our " day. Do you ask why? , Because the day is far spent, and the time is at hand when the Bridegroom 13 coiniDg to reign on the earth. He has sent a message to this effect. We, as ' ' i. ' l .tu, .i i :V sincerity of heart, believe in the Gospel of .Tfiana fhrif- nrrt hpnpfifprlhv its nrpintu .1.".. truths, aud do realize that every word which He has spoken is true and fiithful. There were some who followed oecause of the loaves ffftd fishes. ' They are doing the same But such have not much depth of root, and when the heat of the sun is felt they wither. - - m to-da- y. Ij'.'i, Ua US lillLUlUl 1U ILMIUIU" LUIS 1 111 LMJ I LiXU b 1 essonJas also those eriven for this disnensation: ' O ' 1 . rememberin'?. though heaven and earth nass has away, not one word which He (the Savior) ' spoken, shall fail. E. Kimball. 1. . THOUGHTS OF THE MOMENT, WITH SELECTIONS. Editob Exponent; 8 B-j- He'll call, persuade, direct him right, , him with wisdom, love an i light; In nameless ways be good and kind, But never force the human mind." MAitY M A N R. S , Y. L. M. L A. & P. A. REPORTS; ALMO, C1SSIA CO., IDAHO. Exponent: EDrTOR Thinking that a few lines from Almo would not be out of place, we take pleasure in writing you. . Our Relief Society is trying to do the best it cah'under the circumstances, owing to our much scattered condition. Some having to come from two to four miles to meeting, we thought it advisable not to hold ourmeetings through the winter season;' but since warm weather has come wehold our meetings regular. members enrolled. The We have twentv-fou- r average attendance is about fifteen. - We enjoy .1 a good spirit, and all seem willing to do their part the be3t they can. We "hold our testimony meetings once in two weeks, aud our working meetings once a month. We are all young and inexperienced, but we don't feel to be behind in working for the cause of truth. The Exponent, is an ever welcome visitor to us, and we read it with interest. We have had a very mild winter, and the health of the people, in general, is good, for which we feel very thankful. Ever praying for the welfare of Zion, we are, respectfully, Your sisters in the Gospelr . Mary A. Wake, Prest., i . am - " . . ' Margaret E. Ward, Sec. MEADOWVILLE. Fditor Exponent: For two years the Relief Society of this place have not been holding meetingshaving no poor to attena to, unui oepteniuer 1004, rrest. d una , iinasay, wun viucl u, and brethren, also Bishop J. Kimball and Counselors met with the members of the Someetciety and advised them to resume. their ings, since which time we have held meetings . J..jL. - , 