35 SEEDTIM E AN D. H A RVES T. -- - I In spring 'Putted swls, in Trope of the blooms by and'dye;"' mdearlyjofidjind' Their noble sons with joy go forth in ills, invented an improvement to a maenma TQ,:preach the truth in every land." jajQter despair, showing: conclusively that "Women are folsThey "1 2. 'According to Wm. Bhakespeare tliotigh un.i iimy ue a inym a laay-nam- ed rortia, a ''learned doctor's" wig and gown, once con founded the eldere and solved a knotty legal, problem with which the Venetian masculine They gather in the honest poor, To share the blessings God has' given, -And be prepared their Ixrd 16 meet, W'hen'Hc shall come in clouds of heaven. V havniamfte - Not in joy of the work, but in hope alway. Ere the summer came my dear friend was gone from earth, and I, alone, 'I 'ended and watched for the flowers'to bloom I gathered and laid them upon her tomb. A mansion was bttilded, strong and fair, Jnfinished nnd furnishedth-greatestnearA child lit a,. match .a fire: was.rnade, And the jgrand new house in ashes laid. The man, in building, spent all his wealth, And the work and worry ruined his health By a child's little act so much undone, The work of years in a moment gone. e; -r---- I hoticed-inieighbo- ' . ' - We meet, to celebrate this day, With joy and praise to Jesus' nameV .Who led us forth by the right way Thai we our mountain homes might gain. Then hail! all hail! the Twenty Fourth,, With love and joy let each heart sing, And tune their voices long and loud, With praises to our God and King. ' Fashioning garments dainty and neat, r A smik" on her face tender and sweet. One morning I looked crape on the door Told mC I'd watch the worker no more; White "crape and black child and mother gone, The dainty, neat garments would never be worn. : -- " So it hathJbeen and will ever be-,None can tell the future for you or me; ' An old Pennsylvania Dutchman, now to his summed forefathers,i invariably gathered i i f or season nis in womankind and up opinion out of season in these three words: "Women are fools.'. . In this he differs " somewhat from one of Dickens' heroes, who is chivalrously made to 'Kum creeturs is wiramin say: 1. Jsabella of .Spain -- .comprehended - and "sympathized with the plans of Columbus, and aided him to accomplish his discoveries: there-- n tore, W omen arejools. 1 hey cannot grasp . great theories." j 2. Caroline Herschel performed drudgeries qf calculation to help her brother, and also made independent discoveries; hence. " Women are fools. They cannot have truly scientific : bias." o. Lucretia ;Mott preached the (Jnel of FOURTH OF JULY, . . " "Liberty of the individual"!) jdiiy, iueutal, ' spiritual to the last hour of her grandly courageous life; ergo: "Women are fools. They are bound by priestcraft and superstition." 4. Fanny Mendelssohn composed many of the works attributed to her brother-Feliso: "Women are' fools." They cannot grasp great musical principles." N. B. I think Fanny was a fool in this casenot to take.ali the credit that belonged to her. 5. Mrs. Stowe did more by h er pen than any ten men by their speeches to abolish African l83o - : L Soon blossomed like the beauteous rose; And plenty in their homes abound,; While they had rest from cruel foes. Not long do they in peace possess The blessings by jpre suffering gained; Their foes pursue, with false pretense, To drive them from their homes again. -- and, by His will, The scourge designed a blessing proved; And He protects and guides them still, Tho' earth and hell with rage are moved. o'cr-rule- slavery in this country, which proves that "Women are fools. -- They are not capable of " judgment on great questions." 6. Charlotte Bronte wrote an immortal novel while toilingin the gloomy kitchen at Ha worth; hence, "Women are fools.: They can only -th ink of. bu t one thing at a tim e.! f -husband's illness, ;Ig3;5en(juring jer carried on stupendous calculations withonU : which the Brooklyn bridsre could not have been built. Evidently "Women are fools. They have no head for, the higher mathematics. Q. E. D." :; r 8. Anna E. Carroll planned a vast campaign during the ci vil war, which threw yictoriei into the hands of our Northern generals. and virtually saved the Union; hence, " Women are" fools. They have no military genius?'. 9. Mary A. Xivermore, in the same way, slid priceless work at the head of the Sanitary Commission, thus showing that Women are fools. They have no executive talent?' 10.' Mrs. Frank Leslie paid off a $50,000 debt in - less than six months after "assuming control of the great publishing business left, by her husband, which makes it plain that ' Women are no financial fools.iTheyhave ' . ; l ability; 1L The Elder Mrs. . Button, wife of the senior partner-o- f the Germantown Woolen - . "The desert, by their hands' redeemed, ButGod , . Theyjnte&.Le Upon the soil of Mexico, And in the valleys hoped to rest, No more pursued by cruel foe. : -- And on July the Twenty Fourth rf Greaf SairLTtei SiTlvey reached And here their leader said rest," And build up some of Zion's stakes. ihe-valei- ' x; But the great God of heaven led Them by the right way to this land, And, by His wondrous power,IIe fed And guided them by His right hand. -- w .4, . n, Their Patriarch and Prophet slain Driven from the.ir homes by wicked men They wandered on the desert plains, Nor thought to see Nauvoo again, . . m : : In eighteen hundred The Saints were led by Brigham Voting, And, guided by the God of heaven, In Utah's valleys found a home. forty-seve- : . LINES. FOR THE TWENTY . ABOUT WOMEN. m Our flowerfJhopegftecLJakjom, And are: gathered on ly to deck a tomb. Let's joy in improving life while we may, Not worry and work for a future day; Our future is with a Higher Power, Thdugh we build, or make, or but plant a flower. " . E. S. L). Wyoming, O. d, Tue,r homes extend from north to south, ; Throughout these vales, on every hand; . T. L. H. . e WTITTEN are-fo-ol j o r They are incapable of vtewimTan v L 1 LADIES PRIMROSE LEGUE. ' -- Two little birds in an old apple tree Builded a nest just as nice as could be, V hat became of the nest no one could tell, ' Nor .what cruel fate to the birds befell; So blithesome and happy,-thnest was begun, so till it cheerful was . -"Singing done, Then when ,twas ready, all was o'er, The little birds came to the nest no more. -- ' I 7" -:t m er the way, r They will obey the laws He gives. In spite of earth and hell combined; Even the law ef plural wives, . That they eternal lives may find. r So hopefully busy day after day, m . ; . . . June Oth' an inaugural meeting of the Grand Council of the Ladies'JSrancli of the Primrose League was held in the house of Jhe Marquis of Saliaburvr20 Arlington Street. London. .and was numerously attended by ladies of rank 1. rni n t auu ilil. me rrimrose Liue. xuiz urancn 01.i,i league is intended to be thoroughly representative. Lord John Manners, M. P.,. occupied the position of Chairman, and made some general explanations as to the circumstances which had given .rise to the organized efforts that were being made, and stated that '2,000,000 new electors, for the most part necessarily ignorant and impulsive, had, for the first time,been given the franchise, that the old established machinery of conducting elections had Been swept away, and an entirely new element of activity" in this direction was opened out.-Lord G. Hamilton . M. P.."tn his remarks said these ladies were not asked to take part iix ttxc tuutu auu buuxuio ui uic cumrai. nor t.(i become election agents, but to use their, influ ence in the rural parts of the country in the tbwn3 and villages. "Lord Hamilton moved that the meeting, having heard, the statement of the object of the Primrose League, pledges itself to promote those objects by every means in its power." He then said.""The obiecfc of this meeting and of those who were advocating the Primrose League, was to ' secure, as far a of the ladies of En- possible, the land m the. taste ol promoting those principles which alone could secure the greatness and prosperity of the empire." bir btanord JNorthcote, M. P., rose to second the resolution. Mr. A. J. Balfour. M. P.. pun- ported the resolution and it was unanimously carried. t Sir Henry Drummond Wolff M. P.. read the report of the Ladies' Grand Council, which stated that it was but three month? since the idea first originated of formih? this "committee, yet alreadyliOO ladies were enrolled a3 memoers, and W Habitations (as they are called) had been formed. These are presided over by ladies ol title and influence. Sir Algernon Borthwick.in his remarks, said this was the first instance in history where the ladies of England had gathered together in such extraordinary numbers tol.workorDo- litical purposes. "Not only would they instruct the youth oi iMiglandand Lord.JeaconsheM had told us ''that the youth of a nation, are the trustees of posterity" but they would assume their natural and true position as upholders of the "throne, and eruardians of the welfare of the realm. The saying of Lord Beacbnsfield, repeated by bir Algernon Borth wick, contains so much meaning that it ought never ' to be forgotten. 1 co-operat- - . - . . , ""ri; ;;.--- "Emma F..iCarey has been reappointed' prison commissioner of assachusets by Gov. -- Robinson." ;.; The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bishop of London, Cardinal Manning, of the Romish Church, and Samuel Mosley, liberal member of Parliament, have consented to serve on the committee to examine privately "the evidence bases its charges and , on which the Pall-Ma.1 to report conclusions td the public , ll 