WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Benson, and our beloved sister, Adaline Barber,' together with our Bishop and several of the' brethren, and indeed wo had a rich treat ' a feast of fat things long to be remembered. President and counselors desire to be remembered to all. the good sisters of the Relief Society, and: with them I desire to mingle my voice, and say, "God bless1 and comfort all the faithful in God's kingdom." Yours in the covenant, " Betsy M.'Browkh, Secretary. 79 how j maiestie lor tne aces, and substantial J t - V- ' 11 rr us construction: now mucat more wuuiu for. Dr. R. Sr august- and solemn is life Storm. I.- following annuities are paid to members of the. Royal . family: -.- - NOTES AND NEWS. ".Mrs. Olive Wrighf., of Denver, Colo-- , is ap- ".-in,.i f uen. " pointea piate uommissiouer " in place oi 1 lot Mme Jules Ferry, the wife of the French TRUTHS FOB GIRLS WHO FLIRT. ffreat-great-grandchil- Whatever idea the young girls who practice streei flirting may entertain of their seemingly innocent pastime, it may be set down as a cer- tainty, that; when a respectable young man desires the acquaintance of one who may some day become his wife, he does Hot go out on the street and seek her acquaintance through a flirtation. 'But, on the other hand, the flirt of the street, no matter, how innocent and fair her intentions may "be, is the last person he would seek a3 his life compannion-He desires without and above suspicion., - The purity, young lady who engages in this kind of pastime should bear in mind that she not only .endangers her reputation and leaves a stain upon her good name, but her name is a among those with whom she flirts, to be bandied about in saloons, on the street corners and in unholy places in the city, . by-wor- low-dow- n, Premier, is the , Charlotte BuffV the 'Werther.' " d fasten-ing-oii-h- er other wisefair"naiiioastrgrna"""or" stain that will follow her years after she sees -- her folly and attempts to mend her ways. Newark Advertiser. of d 'Lottie' of Goethe's grants. ... monies. HOUSEHOLD RECIPES. "At the Copenhagen University examination there were seven lady candidates, all of whom passed, rive of these ladies took the mathe matics and natural science degrees, and only the philological." two -- Biscuit. Two ounces of butler, two ounces oi grated cheese, two ounces of flour, a little cayenne pepper, and salt. The paste should be rolled out very thin, then cut into pieces four inches long and one inch broad, baked to a very light brown, and sent to the table as "hot as" possible. Cheese - Helen Jackson, four days before her death, WTote a letter of thanks to the President for his efforts to do justice to the Indians, and asked him to read her book on the Indian question, 'A Century of Dishonor.' " Siveet Pickles. Prepare the fruit as for preserving, takout the stones. For seven pounds, of fruit use half ing that weight of clear brown sugar, a pint of vinegar, and an ounce each of cinnamon stick, blades of mace, and whole VThc municipal aut extended the right of suffrage to women. Even in Spain, one of the most conservative coun tries of Europe, the leaven of eual rights has PRIMARY FAIR, atents were issued to women inventors during the week ending September 22nd, I880: Elizabeth M. Baldwin, Sparta, Wis., Swing inair converuoie into a swinging ilammock. Caroline Boyce, New York, N. Y., Book-Cov1 We held our Primary Fair at Goshen, on the 26th of September, which was very interesting, and a credit to those who had worked so diligently to bring their various articles of or Protector. work lor examination, and also to jthose who A. Jane Clother, Cumberland , W13., Kettle-Draintook part in the proceedings of the meeting. and and Conductor. The following will give the readers of this Mary J. Flynn, Cleveland, Ohio, Underwaist valuable little paper au idea of the work prefor children. pared: Jennie D. Gidley, New York, N. Y., UnderBaskets made of different materials, knit and chrochet lace and work of all kinds, hair garment. Ella Goodwin, ChIcago7"IU., Washing-Ma-chinand wool flowers,artih'cial strawberriesuottoes, . quilts, drawings, cushions, rugs and mats of Jacobus. Oakland. Rebecca J. Cal.f Absorhvarious styles, also cookinf? and the nrndnw. of ,. l . ent Cowl ipr the chimuey of hydrocarbon ine garden and tarm, aud rakes, lories etc. burners. from our little boys. Hat.tie B. Pritchard, Arnoldburg, W. Va Prest. Annie K. Smoot, Sisters May Smoot Extension Bed. ant Grace bmith visited us. Prest. Anme K. Smoot gave us some excellent instructions. There were also songs, recitations, dialogue-- , PROVIDING FOR THE- LAST OF THE etc., rendered in a pleasing manner by memFAMILY. bers of the Association. er er or " r. - e. , liquid over the fruit. Allow it to stand for forty-eighours. Pour off the vinegar and place it over the fire again. When hot, put in the fruit, and boil all together until it is clear and transparent. Tomato ht , Chop up half a bushel of green a dozen tomatoes, onions, and half a dozen green peppers. Sprinkle on a pint of salt, and let them stand twelve hours before draining. Cover the fruit with vinegar, and boil it slowly for one hour. Drain off the vinegar and pack the pickles in jars. Then take two pounds of sugar, two table- spoonfuls of cinnamon, one of allspice, one of cloves, one of pepper, half a cupful ol mustard, one pint of grated horse radish, and vinegar enough to mix them. When Choio-Cho- w tvti ...v iiviiy jiuv IMCUl llgilliy and yoi will have pickles that will last as long as you ; . iu'--jai- f wish. - . According to an exchange, dry powdered salt will keep moths out of carpets. The salt should be sprinkled freely over the carpet, particularly along the edges, follo wed by a thorough sweeping. This should be done about once a month in moth time, and there will bz no trouble from the destructive insect. - , n- - ' - Sarah Robkrts, President, Julia M. Jasperson, Secretary. MISCELLANEOUS. There are people who would do great acts; but, because they wait for great opportunities, life passes, and tlie acts of love are not done " at &H--- F. W.llobertnm. - Public opinion is a weak tyrant compared private opinion: what a man thinks of himself, that it 13 which ermjnes, or rathf"indicates7 h7sfaTei Thorean. with-our-ow- hat men want is not talent, it is purpose; in other words, not therpower to achieve, but will to labor. I believe that labor, judiciously nnd continuously applied), becomes genius. ' ' W Lyttm.- - ' - Were you building a monument to remain - With the annuity of ,6,000 now voted to Princess Beatrice, the total of these grants reaches ,158,000; and here Parliament .and the people may well decide to cry; "Hold, enough!" Let the new constituencies see that candidates fare pledged to vote against any more Royal The bust of Elizabeth Fry, which was pre sented to the Friends' School at Providence, R. I., by Mrs. Ella J. YV heeler, was unveiled on lucsday, Sep. 29th, with appropriate cere- - Steam-Ventilat- "-' . been silently working beneath the surface, and now shows itself by this unmistakable sign. Editor Exponent: Prince of Wales 40.000 Princess of Wales 10,000 Cro wn Princess of Prussia 8.000 Duke of Edinburgh 25,000 Princess Christian of Schleswig-Holstei- n 6,000 Princess Louise (Marchioness of Lerne6,ooo - v Duke of Connaught 35,000 Duchess of Cambridge 6,000 Duchess of Mecklenburg-Strelit- z . 3.o? Duke of Cambridge 12,000 -- .. Duchess of Teck 5.000 Duchess of Albany 6,000 The grant of 6,ooo. a year for Princess Beatrice was on a recent night carried by 357 votes to 38; These figures are slightly below those recorded on the last occasion, when rather more than three years ago the Duke of Albany's marriage portion was adopted by387to 42 votes In both cases the grant was of course a foregone conclusion, and few will be disposed to question the justice of dealing as liberally with the last of the QueenVchildren as wiih her by Mr. Royal sisteiT B Gladstone will awaken very different feelings. "In future," said the Premier, "the Government proposed as regarded the members of the Royal family under the Sovereign that the question of the provision io be made should be referred J "to "a PaTlirmehtary Comraiuee foTconsideratlon. ' ' Against any"Asteplnthis direction the "most" vigorous opposition should be made. John Bull's purse may be well lined, but if the Queen's grandchildren are once allowed to dip into it, the drain will be tremendou5. That the bargain asserted tohavc been made between the Crown and the country has proved an ad vantageous one for our Princes and Princesses, a glance at the results will show In addition to her Majesty's Civil list of 385,000 per annum, the To take grass stains and wheel grease stains' from colored as well as white materials, rub a little clean lard on the spots, and let it remain over night. In the morning, wash the spots with cold water and common soap, rinse well and dry thern quickly, and press the garments with a hot iron. If the color, is likely to change by using soap, Ihen use naphtha or alcohol instead, and water. IN ME-MORIAM. "Then fell upon the house a sudden gloom, A shadow on those features fair and thin, And softly, from that hushed and darkened room, Two angels issued where but one went in." DlF.D, suddenly, of heart disease, at 23 minutes to riine, on the morning of October 2nd,liss Cornelia Pearl Cook, at the residence of her mother in this city. Deceased waj born June 5th, 1843, at La Fayette, Onondaga County, New' York, and was the second daughter of Dr. Wm. J. . and Sophia Cook. Miss Cornelia ; as she was generally called, was the sister of Mis Mary E. and Miss" Ida I. Cook.we'.l known in Utah in the capacity of teachers, who have:narked celebrity tia the profession. Miss Cornelia came to Utah in 187.5, and was for soc;o time afterward a resident in- the I.ion House, -- where her '". sister,? Miss Mary Cook, was located. The family of Brigham Young was very much attached to her, and indeed she possessed those lovely, endearing qualities of heart and manner that would draw out the tender sentiments of af-- - o'.-tiine- ' 