u it 1 , 'V niu tAI III - I . n ii 11 II vv. w 111 II- Ei i F f u kli- - II f fii111 in t V ii i I fe. 1 11 v I . I I VI 1 ' rk fe ' - V si H J n Tr- fc t: 1 vJlu i IT ' . ST V ii m 13 ...-- II V?. r I 51 f I n.i - H K. v v 1 t- tVtl x ,hIIr . i J rj 111.-1- ' . TAezRightszofthelFBien of Zibji, and the Rights of the Woiffen of all ;Kaiions Vol. SALT L AKElCnP 14. THE MORMON FEVER. INSCRIBED 'TO WHOMSOEVER THE CAV FITS.) All round about," lias broken out, A fever quite contagious; And far and wide hough none have died) It smites the most courageous (?) TurnTdlip5ide down is ev'ry town, As with a powerful lever, For high and low, where'er you go, Have caught MThe Mormon Fever." - j , . ' From east to west, folks cannot rest -Their brains are fuirof vapors; -"ThcseMormons" seem to be the theme Of ajl the current papers. y -BacLas ThTribr-so-ma ny fi b,And ape "the story weaver," Or wrong or right, with much delight, ' They spread ' 'The Mormon Fever." Upon my word, 'tis quite absurd . , Yet far more cruel than funny How, folks are fool'd and wires are pull 'd, Just for the sake of money. While lies and trash, will 'fetch the cash, Enriching the receiver, What editor will loss incur, Or check ".Tlie Mormon Fever?" What gossips say, from day to day, About the "Mormon" people, Would make a volume reaching high . As any towering steeple. "Morality" is on the tongue . Of many a gay deceiver; There's no mistake that ev'ry rake 7 Is down with Mormon Fever," ' Folks, dinn'd and dazedare nearly crad Wtth such a constant clatter; Some, counted wise, express surprise, Vet seldom sift the matter But few, forsooth, desire the truth. ' Or try to tell it, either; And less t?ey care, or boldly dare ; To fight J,The Mormon Fever." J - 'TiS come, alas! to such a pass And rages unabated; Amazed.we see their unity, Who once each other hated. Sects, long at war, so friendly are They've drop'd the battle cleaver; ' And still, no doubt, they brought about This direful "Mormon Fever.'' their hive the VMormons" thrive, ' - Busy as bees, and useful Though criticised and advertised,' L By foes and fame abuseful. for look nor shirk the fate hate, They . Of every true believer; Fearless and bold, to Truth they hold, Despite "The Mormon Fever." WOMAN'S PLACE. AND HER FUTURE. "A thing of beauty is a joy forever." Woman's charms certainly many rand powerful. Heaven has imprinted on the mother's faco something beyond this world. The good Bishop Thomson once wrote that velvet so soft as the mother's lap, no rose so lovely as her smile, no path so flowery as that imprinted with her footsteps." He who can ap. p.roach the cradle of sleeping innocence, without thinking that of such is the kingdom of heaven, or see the parent hang Verttr beauties" there-wasn- o . i & - tifti -- rt t-- ... No. 2. " they had not the to of school, or any place privilege going where knowledge of books could be gained, but in this enlightened asreitis vastlr different- .A mother is the best friend a child w havCj, with her gentle look, loving smile, kind words and tender care for her children, and the wak iu in?, watchful evejvhich-kee- ns over her slumbering babe. These are objects which neither the pencil nor chisel can reach. In the heart of man na .1 ture nas set..1 the motner upon such a pinnacle that our nifant eyes and arms are uplifted to it. Wc cling to it in manhood; we almost take worship it in old age. tThe mother can Tl mans whole nature under ner control.I &ne has become what has been called "the divinity of infancy." Her smile is sunshine, her words its mildest law, until sin ahd the world have means" by which woman is raised in the scale oLknowledgc and virtue is through the conversation, association and example of women find itrwouldbeTTri future.- - In years long past in The Tith . 1 V 1 1 1 steeled the heart. 1 ' - We are put upon this earth Tor a wise and noble mission, and one of the chief ends of that mission is the lover care and protection of children. Robert bv Ingersoll said, "Woman has all the rights of man and one more: it is OUt-Stn- p A good wife is the best thing a man can have. Her tender yearnings over the cradle of her infant babe, Iter guardian care" of the child in youth, and her bosom companionship with the man of her love and choice makes her the personal centre, oi thejnterests, the hopes and happiness of the family. It is evident that one of the most potent - he mark God superior to: herself. .Beauty "Is-tsets upon virtue. If trouble, comes upon you . you know that loving kindness will allay your fears. Her kindness and gentleness are sweet- that meekne?3 and forbear- ance wnich are born ot iaita. lrust comes into her heart as rivers flow into the sea. In the "dark hours" of doubt and foreboding man. himself rests fondly upon her buoyant faith, as the treasure of his common life, and in our holier musings we look to that frail hand and5 gentle spirit ,to lead us away from the vanilies . of worldly ambition, to the fulness of that joy which the good inherit. . We"have given our idea3 of woman's place. What shall her future be? Will she rise or fall? Rise she mustand will; there is no doubt of it. The course of events point to, her place high upon the ladder of eternal fame. Her pathway to eminence and to the forefront in the field of science and art ha now be gun to blossom and bloom with the flowers of success, and she has already had scattered in her pathway rare bouquets of applause, thrown there by an admiring world. Sh? is grandly bursting the fetters that have hindered her progress so many, many years. She is just now stepping out on the platform, of human advancement, in art, science and in vention, to compete witlT her brother man in many of those walks of life. In literature she has already won laurels of fame. In song she him. In science she has, in many instaucesalready displayed a' master hand, and: in religion all will admit she is naturally more reverential, devout and hum ole, and none will deny but that more peniten tial tears are to her credit in the Lamb's Book ' of Life, than those of man. Her gentle grace, her tender pity, and her never ending love, are heaven's symbols of what is to be in years to -- -- , ; that of protection." The mother is the angel spirit of Jiome. Many a woman in this stage of action is very futile, and does not care to assume .any respon sibility. Th'13 i3 not the way to feel if one ever wishes to become wise, honorable and good,' or to make a name known for good works in this world and the world to come. Who, in the hour of agony, would forget the mother? Who, even when the tomb is closing upon the remains of her lie loves most, when he feels his heart, as it were, crushed in the closing of its portals? Nothing can be more touching than to behold a soft and tender woman, who has been all weakness and dependence, and alive to every trivial roughness while treading the prosperous path of life, and daily mental iorce to be tuecomir '.anil rising sui port of her husband under misfortune, and abiding with unshriuking firmness the biter-es- t blasts of adversity. Woman is one of the most intelligent creatures upon the earth. If she i3igood and pure her hopes are centered in tho future, where the angels dwell. Woman's place is very important. She is gentle, keeninc her love, as it, were, won by a thousand nameless and modest virtues, which radiate from her whole life and action. She steals upon your afft ction like a summer. wind breathing softlv over sleepv val- ivy, auu jai, ine wisnes or tne wise motner are guided by that which avoids conflict. When a mother has raised her children in the ridit direction, aud they follow the path which has been marked out for them, thev can sav thev honored their father and mother in the days of their youth. Ah! woman's aim ishisrh. and she wilt reach it if she will cultivate her mind and heart to do so. Verily, 0 woman! thou art a glorious and God-lik- e bein?. Woman can learn to fill many of the positions in office equally well with man, and she can even him in some of the vocations of life. r rrr and half retain her breath lest she should break its slum ber3. without a veneration be- vond all common feeling, is to be avoided in r . every vocation of lie. Tho world's history is full of glorious achievements of women. If all women had Ithe chance to educate themselves, they would ' E. H. W. Salt Lake City. W 1885. 1 5, p Yet, in i out-rival- s " come. In coming years woman's name will be flung upon canvas ever to be revered by posterity, and never to be djmmed by the .mellowing of time. She will win a fame that will be more lasting that brass more durable than marble. She will join in that song which will be great- tjr than that of Miriam's. It filled the whole world with music, even ns it was filled on tho ' morning when God looked out and found that all lie had created was "good , and the solemn stars broke into song. Woman is awaking. The day is near; at hand when the universe shall change front.and by woman's help, socially, politically and re ligiously, in words and deeds, new hopes and new measures will be vouchsafed to all man- kind. - - ; The thrill the bursting so long enchained woman, to this country alone. ot-fett- ers is It - - that have not' confined is heard in Ireland, infjrance, in Poland, in Hungary, and even the mention of . woman's place and jier future, is arousing energy, and activity which had lain dormant among the nation-- those , , - , 