WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 100 Wo MAX'S, Ex i (MENTr body politic, the family, our common. Christianity have all been wounded bythe poison ot poly join Jn the gamy.' passionate cry." of polygamy-Christianity wounded byths-poisoin any is too absurd, when Christ himself place, or at any time protested against it, though it was the prevailing custom ot the country How much more"pure are the modern Christians or their civilization than that of the" Savior's period, or when those ancient worthies flourished at a much "earlier day, even at a time when men walkod ar-- talked with God. The preacher says later on in his discourse. "Polygamy as against the Christian family is the issue. presented at the center of American civilization in. the near fu ' "But its defeat . ture." is no easy task. Such sins die5 hard," and he adds, as though to rouse the intense indignation of his hearers, "With its burning shame so near us scorchur eyeballs what excuse can we plead for our indifference?" The appeaHs made to send missionary women here and to establish schools to educate this people and their children and the people will respond no doubt with means ' thinking they are assisting to purify and civilize "Utah," wliereas, there is" not a people anywhere better able to educate their own children and support schools than the "Mormons". He says, "But we mistake if we imagine , that soldiers and courts rean cure the plague of- .- the new West." "Law when enforced leaves .the evil spirit still in pos- session. What Utah needs is light and grace, and social purity."- - His theory is all right here, and he tells some truth, the very boons we crave are light and grace and social purity,npt,however,such as the so called Christian reformers have brought here with them, but the light from heaven that flows through the channel, of the priesthood, the grace that is born of sacrifice of feeling to princi ple, and the social purity that is the inevitable re sult of obedience to the commandments of God. These are the stepping stones to salvation and an exaltation, and the Latter-da- y Saints who arer now enduring the trials and hardships brought upon them byuch Christian teachers and preach ers as the Rev. Phillips are as sure of the triumph of 'their cause as they are positive now of the growth and increase and prosperity that followed the exodus from Nauvoo. And this is precisely what the enmy fears; they talk of the success" that has attended Mormonism, of suppressing its growth, thwarting and . crippling its efforts in foreign parts, etc., and seem fully aware of a power that baffles their most carefully concocted schemes, notwithstanding all they have to say of vu iuviou "jcii uhu cuueauonai aavan-tage- s and intelligence. Mr. Phillips says "Mormonism is thoroughly possessed with the mission ary idea. It proposes to convert the Gentiles,and is doing it with astonishing success. It is clearfv within Max Muller's famous definition of a 'living religion viz.: Systematic Latter-da- y Sainthood aspires to dominion. This feature differences it from all other organized systems of. evil that. taint our civilization. We ar? just beginning to make note of the . o i j 01 me imcusc yiupaganaa Mormon Church." imW aiuncjnac was cut our ot tne mountain without hands, afraid of its rolling forth and crushing in pieces, etc. But they will find themselves utterlv dowpt-Wf J r v tay us course, or stop the progress of the Latter-dav y work. ,, . Editor. :"icj ' rr 0:1 !!. copy 'i SiU thj V' (or i regular flclver iv'tto east of.Desor.'f N- - Sunii biiHiiitr-- s ;T.!n:.l" Ktrwt, second hwus from 1) ii.in. ui!i v. Ol.i t A'lilrcss nil t'.n JiijM of uonpardl A li!or.il discount lis.-.-.- . 'p .in.' every-- i Ten .('I'Uii, $3,(0. ; 1!,. M Terms: citv,' L't.ih. ix Months, S1.00. 'i'un, -: pai'.c, ono time, t - .1 r.vt Advertfc-i- V 1 n iv. ornmiMn' I HIS ! , Salt Lake Wo ii i'CIJLI-UK- V .i EXPONENT, I ar Lake Cixv. Utah. December j, Cit-v-, 1885. CRUSADE AGAINST MORMONISM. The Press and thpulpitKas well as .seem trying to w.,ik themselves and everybody en.y over the "Mormon" quesejse into tion, true it is this peculiar people "are everywhere spoken against.;" the papers abound' in 'engrossing top.ic,andVorne ofJbej greatest ministers and' lecturers of the day take " up the "hue and cry" "and proclaim against "barlnr.ism' "ignorance". and "Mormon" ' false statements iniquity." They or they Invent iniTmisrepres law-maker- iaaUex-U'puiilh- s, is ' either--accep- t the mast ridiculous fabrication:; 'for effect, to the 'people, and to .awaken a draw monev-fronvwide-sprea- d interest' in the matter, so that some sort of capital may be" made for the church, or the government officials and hangers on. Occasionally some great speaker or orator gets so intensely virtuous, that the sacred Scriptures are not sufficiently complete and he falls to and until.if it hammers awavj at "Mormon." polveramv k try were not an eternal principle, there would not be a.. vestige of it left; but truth though crushed ttr will rise again. Men and women of great 1 . . i t J learning ana ceieunty nave ineu over anu over to put down Mormonism, and so utterly failed to 1 s - - - f 1 r it - rV Yv 1 i- ir - . .. rv- - rv - inn - n o titrnrt that it sppm; strnmrf thnt therp are. nnv r.ew aspirants to champion the lost cause. But as ifis,they spring up now arid'then like mushrooms, and are gone like the summer dew, one knows not where, and "Mormonism" lives and flourishes through its own vitality, notwithstanding .the storms that beat upon it, and the twigs and limbs that are sometimes broken ofT because of the : 1. . u h 1.. i ncavy wruus uiai cuuie agaiuM u,in,u uniy sueugiu- en the, growth, as it were, while the pruning process even more wholesome and Vigorous. 'makes 1 11113 ail mt v. a. 1 ti ui i uyuv. u y inuov. iihu anxious to destroy it root and branch from the face of the earth is merely labor lost. They simply defeat their own purpose by the course -- . . jt 4. 1 v taken and are doomed to continuous and eventually everlasting disappointment. i ne :ew v est r.uucaiion oocieiy nas taicen Via.nrt-ki. . " . . ;";( liltr i 1 - rv 1. 1 1 nl nci An VUV.OllUU I Ana UUU rf VI mv, 1 ilUU f lliwu, iv-c- ll delivered an elaborate M.v. (ieo, WV Phi-lisermon on this topic at the Union Tark Church, Chicago, recently. lie called his subject "The Mormon Men ice,"' and took for his text : T 'There is an accursed thing in the" midst of tlite, O Israel., .: Neither will I be with you any more except ye. destroy the accursed 4hing from among you. joshui vii., Spare thy people Q Lord, and give not thine heritage to reproach. Jeol h, 17. This learned divine" applies these passages to " as-t- . o self-propagatio- n. .- faM-eachinj- r . -- -j . c , ''Mormonism." The plariihe society has adopted as set forth in the sermon is educational mission work. Among his piragraphs are such expressions as the following.- The "public domain is a sacred .trust, a divine heritage, and when "menaced with moral evil it concerns all the rest to come to the relief of the exposed poiritrThe' - - w . EDITORIAL NOTES. The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake will be held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms on Friday, December nth.com-mencing at io a.m. and 2 p.m. It is .red that there should be a representltion from all the wards. Verbal good reports e expect from the respective presidents. of the Y L.. M.. L A. of this Stake will beheld in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Saturday, Dec. 19th, commencing at 10 a.m. The Conference . the whole and 2p.m. ThUfmtiA:,lo-havin order to give more day for the Conference is crvSrifnl imnrovcrftf nt. nr r..,...l,iv-nn(1- ; , lltllC 1UI jyvt"i" exercises that might .be of benefit to all. One busTnesI meeting isalmost entirely occupied with and reports, and therefore leaves very little time for general, instruction. A general invitation Is ' extended to all interested to attend. The Conference of the Primary Associations of this Stake will be held in the Assembly Hall 10 a.m. on Saturday, Dec. I2tn, commencing and 2 p. m. Preparations are being made, in the Assnriatfons in the several wards to make it an interesting event for all. Special care has been "taken to have the little folks well trained in ing and other exercises, and it is to be hoped there will be a large attendance, not only of the children who are enrolled in the Associations, and those who have charge of them in the organizations, but of the Darents. to encourage the child ren and those who' labor for their advancement, and certainly they are interested in the spiritual progress of the youth of Zion. ..I J 1 1 - . " CARD OF THANKS. - The President and Board of Directors of the ..: L i JJeseret tt express meir mantes anu nospuar wisn to nrrotoTnl i rlr nnulprl whn hav p n f c lr all thn recently contributed money, orders and useful articles to assist in sustaining this institution, which is still in its infancy. The following is a complete list of the na mes of the firms and individual donors: Trustee-iTrust, Deseret Bank, Z. C. M. I. Drug Store, Godbe, Pitts & Co.,A. C.4 Smith 8c Co., Moore & Allen, Roberts & Nelden, Zion's Saving's Bank, James T. Little, Primary Associations Salt Lake Stake, Per Ellen C. Clawson, President, Culmer Bros., Dr. W. H. Groves, Bur- ton, Gardner & Co., Cunnington & Co., R. K. Thomas, Swaner & Co., Henry Lawrence, Barnes & Davis, Septimus W. Sears, White & Son, John T.- Caine, Jennings Bros., William H. Rowe, John Daines, John Clark, Nelson A. Empey, Samuel Teasdel, Carl Asmussen, John Spencer, Orson P. 1 i- . I o-- n - Robt. Sherwood, Hardy Bros. & Burton, Spencer Clawson, John McDonald, Mrs. Travis, J- . cutter, jonn y. cannon, w. H. Kowe, Thos... Jennings, George Arbogast, W. B.' Dougal, Jas. Jack, D. McKenzie, Wm. C. Spence, Geo. F. Gibbs, George Goddard, John Irvine, Daniel F. Daniels and Rocky Mountain Ice Co. HncrH Bros., Sorenson & Carlquist and Mrs. Sarah T. Wheeler. Some of the parties who have given the Secretary has been very dilatory about pub lishing this notice, but some of the contributions' have only been very recently" made, and this as an aDolop-to All A UA1W wv I O; w iWa thought the acknowledgment through the public prints late in coming. The managers are none the less gratified, however, for the timely assistance rendered just when Bishop Clawson. the president nf th himself for a time, and there were heavy responsi- ties resting upon the management. It is hoped that all who have given to this good and noble EJ. may-thin- k ed VF Work Will T1 T rlmiKlf Kloer.) tainly "he that giveth to the poor JendetTi to the Lord," and to be able to aid. suffering humanity is always praiseworthy, and brings its own reward. E. B. Wells, R.TS. AND Y. L. MEETINGS. Synopsis of the minutes of th held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms'- oatuiuiy, wcioDer 31st, ie5, Counselor B. W. Smith presiding. After singing," prayer was reo-nlo- r . 