3 The htg Vol. H. -- of'ttaW SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 1, 1885 MUSIC! MUCH I OWE TO THEE! "7THE PAST, THE PRESENT AND 7 Minstrel I Minstrel I of an art divine God has blest that Sonl of thina With a gftirecJJxyeii---- From tbo chancery of Heaven! ?fodc and method may !e taught. But thfl pplrit.mnst Ikj fraright With the alllatns all divine, To inept rey inflate and ebmo " Into every craving Soul, And o'er it throws a charm'd control, That lifts the list'nrog ear entranced . Into a region all enhanced liy wbisp'rings, Jangnage cannot tell, I5ut which tho knows 60 well, .Thinking that a letter from this part of the vineyard would he of interest to some of y ou if readers, if not a!I;T tnke the liberty of writ- - inrt 7 While I reflect on the past, gaze cn the present and look through the gloom into the lulure,.it care-fil- ft Pray tho fiiver to inspire A 1 1 by Sou 1 with holy i re; At-Ilim to direct thy hand To strike tho chord that shall command we-w- rapturous joy, Crushing out life's bate alloy. Thy gift ahull. bo a costly gem," Kterual in thy Diadem; Calm an J cbasten'd mayst thou te, -Walking In humility, Walking in the blessd light Which thine art shall e'erignite; Grateful to thy Qod that He " A gift divine hig sent to thee. Hug it with a miser care Gift exalting gift so rare! IIaxxau T. Kikg. Time's river flows without a break or bridge, The moments run to day?, the days to years; Strange how we pause on the dividing ridge, Which 'twist Old Year and New our fancy rears! With backward survey o'er tho dark Vhas been," " With forward gaze into tho dark "to be:" Summing the good and ill that we have seen, As if God's purposes stood plain to see if 'twere mai'sto -- thick a fold between ns and the past, As e'er ltween us and the futnre lies: Ibc ills we grieve for may work god at last: Out of our seeming good what ills may rise! As Only one thing we know, that over all ' A wise and loving power holds sovereign sway: This knowing, let us Btand between the years, Bent but to do the duty of the day; As we tho the-righ- Between our larger and our lesser worlds, Of self, home, city, state, or continent, There is no variance of far or near, great or small, in that Guide's measurement, grateful, take his gifts, his strokes, submias, " When I look back and 'remember the great responsibility that rested upon ray father as first Bishop his poverty and prirations, and tha hardships that he had to endure, the accusations of false brethren, the of-oenemies ur poor, and the persecutions I do iot wonder at his early death. A nd when I remember his conversations with my mother, and can now com prehend, in my mature years, his extreme wearine? ' of fiouh it fault-findin- g Twixt strokes of . policy that hit or misp, And sleights of skill. that make or mar a cause. Aed look: to man for rule, to IXeftren for laws. ' Continued. ;; FuKca. irrrwurdstoln-folo, and-se- ml and encouragement. Kevelations were the Saints that the lord re- - -given ussuriqg membered them in their afilictioris. A father could not have manifested more love and anxiety if his best beloved son had been in deep trouble, than the Prophet did in regard to the Saints in ilissouri and their persecutions. The following are extracts from one of tho letters that the Prophet sent to the brethren in Zion: 'I would inform you that not th: will of the Lord for you to sell your lands in Zion, if means caa possibly be procured without. Every exertion should be made to main-- , tain the cause yoir have espoused and to con- tribute to the necessities of one another m. much as possible in this your great calamity; and remember not to - murmur at the dealings " of God with His creatures. You are not as yet brought into as trying circumstances as were the ancient Prophets and Apostles. Call " to mind Daniel, the three Hebrew children, Jeremiah, Paul, Stephen, and many more too numerous to mention, who were stoned, sawn asunder, tempted, slain.with the sword, and . wandered about in shcej)' skins and goat'tf skins, being destitute, alfiieted, tormented, of whom the world were not worthy. They wandered m deserts and in mountains,and in dens, its : N ; and in cave3 of the earth; yet they all obtained a good report through faith, and amidst all their afflictions they rejoiced that they were, counted worthy to receive persecution fof Christ's sake. We know not what we shall be called to pass through before Zion is deliv- r ered and established; therefore, we have great need to live near to God and always oe in strict obedience to all His commandments.that we may have a conscience void of offence towards God and man. It is your privilege to use every means in your power to seek redress for vour grievances of your enemies, and pros ecute them to the extent of the law; but it will be impossible to render you any assistance in a temporal point of view, as our means are . . -- OF EMILY D. P.YOUiNG. truth andholding to the right, can read; truth can reach, Iode-star,"n- ot Then, Jhenuwliat-t- o - AUTOBIOGRAPHY Trusting the hand that steers, through dark and light, By His ours, to ends decreed. Of ill d heaven's far off ends; To reckon up Time's harvest in the seed- To write off gains of good and ill's amends ; , The balance of their books as traders read. reac!; ' hel) her, day after day. While we remained in ClayXounty tho brethren did all they could to regain possession of t hei r ho mes. They peti tion ed t h e U o vernor, employed lawyers, and tried in various ways to gain redress, but all their eflbrts.proved to be of no avail Hie Prophet Josep'i Smith manifested great anxiety concerning the Saints in Zion He was constantly writing letters advising rt y BETWEEN THE YEARS. As to , 1 Salt Lake City, 133.. cau-e- s cross my mind. to mmd does, co-mat- e Hn this gilt with miser's exal tlnir, gift so rare ! many serious reflections to What'do those thoughts bring it bring alwava' pleasure? I think not. Is it all sorrow? No, not by any means; but I think it U necessary for tistohave these trial?; in order tmake us ththkf aTid t()X think of the past as well as the future, for in. looking back over our past life we see, very often, where we have done, wrong, and if we have a heart thatdesires to do right, make an effort to do so; and let ns not think because we have done one wrong that we cannot do anything that is right. in the future, but let us, each morning that we rise from our beds, see if we cannot do a little more good that day a 'so less ttle that when ail4 that futu re eyil. . oraes, that seems so far and is yet so ncar,that we may have some good laid up to balance " the bad. We call ourselves Saints, but against I fear some of U3 are not aware of what perfect beings we ought to be; I think that we should live so that the word saint not be wrongly applied, for we do not want to nstjih. lish anything that is false. Let us try and live the lives of Latter-daSaints, for we know not the day nor the hour ihat we may be called to depart from this life, and it will then'be our painful duty to give an account of the deeds done in the body, and of what use we have made of the time that our Heavenly. Father has granted us. . If our time and means have been snenfc for good and the advancement of His cause and the comforting of his children it will be well" for us, if not it will be very painful indeed to our souls. I trust that all who claim f.n lf Saints may be faithful to the end of all right eousness. We have a Relief SocietyJ in workingn order t also a Y. M. and Y. L. Association-ia good condition. There is a Prima rv Association. but it has not dene much for the past year. I think it is going to be enlivened up soon; I think it 13 the greatest thing for the benefit of the children that has ever yet been in our day, when it is strictly attended. May the blessings of God rest upon the vourig, that their minds may expand. K. E. D. No. 10 brings to my mind a clause of I113 blessing, which says, "Thou shalt stand in thy office until thou shalt desire to resign itthatahoii T-.mayest rest for a little season." 7 I think i t was the first fall of our., stay in .Clay Co. that a slaughter yard was established on the banks of the ri ver not far from where we lived: thousands of hogs were killed and Pacted.for the market, giving employment to the Saints in that vicinity. The men killing -- and cutting them up, and the women and chil' dreu cutting up and trying out the Jard,having j a share of all they did, and in this way tho people were provided with meat and lard,which wajj a great blessing at that time. I remembtr THE FUTURE. ; Deak Friends: " Holy feeling the Women of all Nations. Vyrfte'Bights.of- of-th- e deeply in debt, already exhausted, and we-aand know of no means whereby we can extri cate ourselves. The inhabitants of this county threaten our destruction and wc know not how s oon they may be permitted to follow the ex--- : ample of the Missounans. We learn by Elderhelp's letter that the brethren have Barrenre - 