The Rights of the Women Vol. E SOULr OF-T- H 3Y.ith.joy. .and ed the power of God anon;" And sounded loud what should take place; From age to age, from race to race. . Among the heavenly hosts he sang God's scheme of life for sinful man; And for the Gospel's saving graee, Hcpraised the Father face to face. And I can paint His facet But there's anothw, higher still, Whom Jesus Father" called; Will mortal ever see revealed The God of all the world? Were all unfolded to him there; His city raised to dwell on high, With all the Saints above the sky, Oh! mystery of mysteries, Oh! how my soaring soul a glimpse at that grand Sight, Whose word the worlds control. r Yearns for He saw before him all things past, From end to end, from first to last; Yearthings before thevorld began, He'll fill the longings of my sotf , Or dust y He'B set my spirit brain and limbs, yea, all I am, Enfranchised then will be. free---M- Or the small dust His balance weighed. With Gcd he saw Iiis race began, And from Him emanated man; And with Him did in glory dwell, Before there was an earth or hcl. i Hannah T. King. OF ZION. ANN WHITNEY, AT INTERPRETED IN VKRSE BY Age after age has rolled away, Since man first dwelt in mortal clay ; And countlss millions sleep in Heath, That once supplied a place on earth, . has been seen ty Saints of old, And by the prophets was foretold; Which wondrous things are drawing near, That Enoch saw apd Saints did cheer. ' ... .... Enoch, who did converse with God, Stood on the mount and stretched abroad His soul, wide as eternity-- He rent the veil and heaven did see. ; . . ;: With mighty faith he did expand O'er earth and heaven, o'er sea and land; Till things above and things below, He did behold, yea, did them know. " His heart he tun'd to notes above, His soul o'erwhelmed with boundless love; He sang a song in heavenly lays, While angels' tongues joined him in praise. With finger ends God touched his eyes, That he might gaze withia the skies; His voice "he "raised to God on high? Who beard his groans' and drew him nigh. ' r - f ; - The Gospel then from darkest shades Should rise and go with rapid strides; TiH nations distant, far and near, The glorious proclamation hear. The Angerthat this news proclaims Should come and visit earth again; Commit the Gospel, long since lost, To man, with power, as at the first. A FEW REFLECTIONS. Dot Ion P" ainr.fi. an flddrpasi ,as ; Scriptures; There appears such a spirit of fearfulnfis. especially among the ministers of the various vicuiwiiijLuanuus, wuu stitLu aware 01 ineir inability to stop this work: But Jesus savs. "Mv sheep will hear my voice," and His shepherds He knew full well what John should hear Concerning times and latter years; When God again should set His hand , To gather Israel to their land. AcAixreraA at Den ver.by Bishop Tuttle, in which he gives the "older. Mormons" the credit of being "unselfish, prayerful and unworldly minded," and gays: 1 can t see that Mormonism is less strone : - ..- -- And knew before the days of John, What glories were on him to dawn; The message which he did receive He heard, and saw, and did believe. I read. ' first began ,;.iL'L'. " - ---- --The testimony of Bishop Tuttle should have some weight. He testified that from his first acquaintance with Brigham Young and the "Mormons," he had never been unfairly interfered with.. He gives his own ideas concerning polygamy, and why it i3 such a "strength to the Mormon system," and says: "The ties of kindred are very strong, and if we were Mormons we should be very apt to do very much the same thing." He has manifested a Christian spirit, and certainly he ought to be he has lived in this city years enough to become better acquainted with the people than those who have been but transient visitors, and have sought notoriety, by describing t "Life among the Mormons." ; v He gives one of the strongest testimonies to the Godliness of Mormonism, though unintentional on his part, but wa accept it in that" light. It is no1 wonder to us that it is so hard for other sects to convert adult "Mormons." Mormonism is a "marvel and a wonder," but its destiny is marked out in that aDcient record, the Bible, by inspired prophets and seers, and the day is here which so many longed to see, but died without the sight. The same spirit and power that moved them to speak of things which they foresaw inspired the Prophet Joseph Smith whom the Lord Jx)okiwhile-an-nntu- to red boy, before his mind had been warped by the ideas and doctrines of men,-thaHe could reveal His will to the poor and the meek, who were to be gathered from all nations, kindred, tongues and , people, and we see them flocking by thousands to our standard, in fulfillment of the t He then did hear, in days of old, The message that to John was told; The Angel who the news did bring, He heard him talk, and heard him sing; J VVhich . - His eyes with wonder did behold Eternal glories yet untold; And glorious things of latter time, Which angels have to tell to man. -- According to the fate of man, Which God had fix'd in His own plan, So age must come, arid age must go, Till work complete is hare below, . - From age to age whate'er took place, Was present then before his face; And, to the latest years' of man,. Was plain before him heaven's plan. BY ELIZABXTH ftlAUVOO, I843, PARLEY P. PRATT. into man. -- August 4th, 1885. .. 1 The place of Adam's first abode, While in the presence of his God; Before the mountains raised their heads, Savior, I bring my soul to Thee, Disrobed from things of time; Touch me but with Thine holy touch, And seal me ever thine. AND vis fashioned , be-lieved- The end of all his labors here, t y -- . ' Proclaimed worship Hijja He seems so near His footprints I can trace This very earth He's walked upon, IK TONGUES . ' The trump of God around the throne Jesusthe Divine, I SUNG to-da- Agu'n "Hosanna" did resound Among the heavenly hosts around. His voice, he raised in higher strain, 1. Echoed, and , again; Till heaven and earth his voice did hear, r Eternity did record bear. G than it wa3 eighteen years ago.' The strength of Mormonism is a marvel. When I first went to Utah I had an idea that Mormon-- . ism was deetined, in time, to be destroyed by its own elements of weakness, and in time it would fling the institution to its death." He expresses what ha3 been the world's opinion for fifty years or more, but they seem no nearer to solving this great problem than when thejr -- "Hosanna!" he aloud did cry, , "To God who dwells above the sky," Teach me the knowledge hpw I may Indeed behold Thy face! The vision of my mind expand, That I may see the place Appointed in the realms above . For roe, and alt that's mine I only ask that w may be A SONG wonderr all amazed, Amid the heavenly throng he gazed; While heavenly music charmed his ear,. And angels' notes removed all fear.' Teach me to know the mystic art Of drawing near to Thee! Teach me to know eternal life, By being one with Thee. With No. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 15, 1885. 14. .ASPIRATIONS . JFomei of all Nations. of Zwn;jid-i- can be easily distinguished from those who preach for hire and divine for money. They go forth as commanded by Jesus and trust Him as their paymaster when theyhave fulfilled His command. There is one great peculiarity in Mormonism, which may be noted. Those - who have adopted the ; faith of the Latter-da- y Saints, never go back to enjoy their former religion, but almost invariably fall into infidelity or spiritualism. The most of this people have been converted from the different sects, and are well posted in the tenets of the various religious doctrines of, the day, but when they have received the light jof this Gospel, that which th'ey had formerly received fades, and becomes as a dim taper before the more glorious light which penetrates and fills every part to the exclusion of all others, which it casts forever into the shadow of the past. The most illiterate "Mormon" is able to comprehendjind; explain the principles which they have es- poused, because they have received a portion of that divine power that was enjoyed by the ancient Saints. It brings with it, all the - . 