WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 60. Irons joined us at Moroni, and .Mrs. EIUt Empey, of wickedness that is flooding the earth, and rerd :z who, by the way,.had been a traveling companion so' fortify Zion against the encroachments of sin X'S all the way from Salt Lake; made up a very plea- - ,. Saints mav riot be comamn We halted' at sant party' for the ride to Manti, Ided by the evils .liiat irelt and staid long r : Presiderd Peterson's, at Ephraim, Editor. VUMELIMi B. WELLS, of the earth with final overthrow anu destruction.., : with enough- to- rest the horses and take supper of Zion should choose good company, Theyouth in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: Published them, and afterwards drove on to Manti. The as they would a loathsome associates evil shun 00. rrfu" ion SI. .Uv months: .ra'.ir'i-j .tiv next mormngrEriday, September nth, the Quarbut the' other disease, that can only kill the body, f'li.if'ii for the nrire of nine. Relief Society of Sanpete; aU thatjs. terly Conference of the eventually lead to the.loss of mhtStake conveiiTd"1ntrcotrrrci 1 ous e a tM a n t i fjv Tr month. s3.0.: A liberal .discount ir.n,(, r,n,:iim,. worth living for.. The young cannot be too wen of Mrs. M. A. Hyde iresiding. Tircre were present to rocralar advertisers. ,.v.;Mi tond tn nnrltv .1,:.. r lUU ill j umia instructed Si KI.drcdKC No. upstairs Hooper brethren President Maiben, Patriarch J. over life and. character, nor too closely watched few d loNsoulli of Z. C. M. I. .J5u.sincs G. Bigler, of Xcp' Bishops .and others.- and guarded in all their walk and conversation. hour'! front 10 iLiit. t i).m. ewry day, cxeej.t the minutes As the secretaiy clid not arrive-wit- h (orniniinications to Ad lre-- s it!l The strictest honesty and uprightness should be WOMAN'S HXi'ONKXT, and reports, the morning was occupied in speakthe sacred covenants unremembering .observed, t'TAir. ClTV. LAKK HAI.r President Maiben offered up a very eloquent. der which they were born, the great mission, they ing. The prayer, and the singing was excellent. are expected to perform, and the high and holy 1SS5. Sei'TKmber 15, their inPresident, Mrs. Hyde, made ' a brief address, and -Salt Lake Crrr, destiny that awaits those who maintain was "followed by Mrs. Jane Casto, President of tegrity to the Kingdom of God. South Ward Relief, Society, and Sister Deborah TH E DAYS I N WI IICH WE LI YE. It seems that every variety of wickedness, is this Irons, counselor in the Relief Society at Moroni. sought to be introduced into the midst oi Each of these gave a good report of the respective V These are remarkable days indeed.. T,he Jtimes people, and assuredly are the words of the. 'Prolook upon branch to which she belonged. which "try men's souls," and women V too. phet coming to pass wHo said, "Let us The meeting was then addressed by Mrs. Amy Zion that she may be defiled !" But to those who Verily the prophecies are being fulfilled, and one cannot but see it if his eyes are open to that which observe the signs of the times, and who keep the. L. Bigler and Mrs. Mary Pitchforth, of Nephi, This city. is tran.spirinaround him. In the midst of such commandments given, God will give a portion of andMrs. E. B. Wells, of '- President Muibenjn'adcu somejclosing remarksr-expressin- g occurrences as taking, place,. how carefuL His -- Holy Spiritrt bat they may foresee, the evil,, his appreciation of the labors of. the should each individual be to keep on safe. ground; and hide the.mselves from it. Relief Society, and encouraging the sisters to per- to fulfill every duty, that the adversary may not -severe in doiiv. good. Choir sang in a verv gain any advantage over him; to cultivate NOTES. EDITORIAL impressive manner "How beauteous are their feet," humility and patience, for the Bible says: "Pride ' sroeth before a fall," and it might be dangerous etc. Benediction by Mrs. Rebecca Wanham. Elizabeth Kimball and M. Sarah Sisters or are there At the afternoon meeting twov or three wagon even to stumble in a time like this, Howard and Dr. Romania B. Pratt attended the Ioadsdf- -whieh4iave from Ephraim people had come-vmanypitfaUs the" 1 2th and in on Conference Sisters' Tooele, and unwary may be deceived if they have President Peterson, Bishops Anderson and 13th insts. not the spirit of discernmenVfor there are many was. Dorius, among others. Elder Frank-Taylofalse spirits that seek to destroy and lead into bye. Tjie Primary Fair of this Stake will open in the also present to take "charge of the choir. Meeting covenant.-Therefforliddeniaths-4heclvildren-of-thand S &ciaT-al hxmThnrsdayr'Septnyttrrnn der th e opened wi t hrs p f ritTect lngTng,lfn d TITshop "A n d e r Saints to set supervision of Mrs. Ellen C. Clawson and her son offered prayer. After singing again, "the it behooves all Latter-daa stronger watch upon the children of Zron, and counselors, Mrs. Lydia Ann Wells and Mrs. young secretary, Miss Mary Hyde, read the and to in be lest mindful, doubly minutes of the previous Conference, which were diligent parents Camilla C. Cobb. is who the most some unforeseen way,' and the statistical and financial reports enemy Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith returned to Logan approved, artful and cunning allure them from the straight from various parts of the Stake. Counselor' Sarah ohxthe nth inst., to resume her labors in the Peterson wras the first and narrow path which the Gospel has marked speaker, Pier remarks were Temple, where she had previously been laboring out, inlo lhe broad highway of sin and folly.where principally upon the financial condition of the for some time. Though so far advanced jn years, ho many are drifting, carried thither by pride, Society, and said though -- they had over 5,000 mind and is her is;as she! health, for and enjoying desire good of "vanity, love gold, popularity. bushels of wheat in the granaries, that was very Hut remember all these are only temporary, and bright and actrve asm years gone by.' little if a famine was impending. She also spoke alike are often and "Dead fr time, very plcase-The Relief Society Conference of this Stake "brtlieTacTory that "the sisters Sea. apples," fair without, but within are full of will be held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly .building, and spoke with, much earnestness on bitterness , an d how ma n y have fo u n d after followhome manufacture and other similar subjects. " ' Rooms, on Friday, Sept. iSth;and: on Saturday: ing in pursuit of some bewildering fancy, only, 19th, the President Hyde made some remarks on the Primary Conference will be held in the alas top late, that they have lost beyond recall the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, commencing at 10 situation in which the people are placed at the life to them than What dearer and has itself, jewel a. m.; and- the Young Ladies Conference will present time, and gave good advice and instrucbeen gained ? Nothing lasting ; only a bitter extion to those associated with her in the Relief. convene at 2 p. m. in the Fourteenth Ward. perience, a harvest of sorrow' after the sowing of etc. On Thursday,. the 3rd, we attended a' Primary .Society, of selfishness. There arc many "who Mrs. Hansen and Mrs. Ellen Dorius, of meeting in the 21st Ward, Mrs. Mary Davis prelay in wait to deceive," to tempt with false pre- Ephraim, and Mrs.. Polly Ann Johnson, of Fountences the virtuous and pure from the path of siding. The children were orderly, and rendered tain Green, represented the. Society over which Jkeirlexejxisesvcr ycr e ditabl y, an'd--pe e c h e & rectitude, and than the web the. spider weaves to catch suited to the occasion were made by the visitors' 7eachp7edeira added 'a of the truth of the Gospel. The the silly llies. We smile at the simple rlies that present, among whom were Mrs. Hannah T. King, choir testimony sang "Beautiful Home." Dr.. Ellen B. Ferguson, Mrs. Emma Toone, Mrs. are so easily caught, but the filmy webs that are Mrs. Rebecca Wareham,7 of Manti North Vard, Ellen C. Clawson, and others. The singing not perceptible to the young and unsophisticated, s gave a reportof the Society, and spoke upon the were specially fine. Sister Davis and counoften blinded as they are Tv the bewildering .... . ' appreciation of blessings, and alluded, to the selors deserve great credit, for their glamour of fancy, are wrought by the' skill and energy and of wheat, the exertions that had been diligence in advancing the children, and promoting storing cunning of those who are adepts t deception, made in times past to glean, referred to the culti- "whose steps lead down to hell ;'' in these the their spiritualimprovement. vation and manufacture of silk, and at the close innocent and thoughtless are often entangled, and of her remarks, to the signs of the: times. Said once ensnared it is seldom indeed they can enV I S I T T O S A N P ET E " A N D M E ET I N G S when we were driven from Nauvoo we were . tirely free themselves. driven to a better land, etc.: This is, in the strictest sense of the Word, an On .Thursday morning, September ioth, we Mrs. E. B. Wells spoke upon the special misage of licentiousness; let him who can close his started on:a short visit to the sisters in sion of the .sisters, of the labors in which they Sanpete eyes to the fact, and when the youth of Zion make Stake, expecting to attend the Conference of were called" to assist, of home manufacture; on the aim of life, what can be ex pleasure-seekin- g Relief Society at Manti the following day. At charity and integrity to all the principles of the pected? The Lord has given to His people in Nephi we; were joined Mrs. MaYyPltchlbrUr by . Gospel. this dispensation certain principles to be observed, of the Relief Society in Juab president Canute Petersen referred to the exerPresident Stake, and in order that He may have a remnant upon the together we journeyed onward to Moronity train. tions that had been made to establish home inearth that will honor Him, a covenant people who at Moroni, we dined at the Arriving Bishop's, and dustries, especially a tannery, and suggested the will be pure, and it behooves those who have aca carnage was in to waiting convey the. party to appointing of a committee to ascertain the probacepted the Gospel to be humble, prayerful, and Manti. Our party consisted of four, ladies and a bilities of having a factory. Nominated his obedient, that they may be able to stand in the little to Eddie drive, boy a fine . Christianson, t midst nf trials 'mid Maiben little .1 B; and AmnTt.'tcounselors, John ..w. Beal as two .vumnyjiaj uuu Mem me cur- - fellow and a very good charioteer. 1 of said committee, and 'that they should have the ' EXPONBCI WOMA . lJZeMJhaJhi - . - - semi-monthl- , -- - h-- . ' ',l.. 1 , 1 of-.th- e : Sun-lay- . t.n-ino- -s . . - ; ; .- are-da- ily . er ' r e, ore H -- y . . , ated - had-anticip- 3 - - . the-seed- - - s - -- exer-cise- . ... .. . -- , . ---- - rsr-Debor- ah -- 