WOMAN ' S EXPONENT. MY RECORD. BT ESTnEITA. 147 --And know you were kind, and lorlne-- . and trn. . It will comfort and cheor you all your life through. BENNlOJf. could not do it, and the student will not sub-ni- t to it. The boy is social; he seeks companions who, like himself, want entertainment. X"Axnie Free. Manuscript Paper, ''Farmer's, WatdJSaZctta. x. - All day long I have balflxl with care Go from r Ixjave me to rest In my old me alone with my thoughts to night. . mx"pr,S , r Or young, 0) COLLEGE EVILS, arm-chai- - Slowly rolls backward the curtain of time, Bringing mo back to my early youth; Back to my home la'my native clime, r Where gladly I Vard the messago of truth. I plainly remember th vows t made To serre my God with a faithful heart. To seek to become a Saint indeed, If strength suHclent He would impart. Year after year has faded away; : Joys and sorrows have come to me; The hair of my head Is sprinkled with grey, My step more feeble than used to be. Have I been true to the vows I made T What Is thejcord my conscience bears? Have I been true to" the. light I had Instead of wheat am I sowing tares? Come, little children, and plead for me; Have I not loved you with love untold? Have I not taught you most earnestly TTuthaJhatji gold? You thatwero lent td mc, sons of my heart, Will you not answer me frankly and Jti6t, Have I not acted a true mother' part, Have I not tried to be true to my trust? Wbere are the aged and weaqr Have I not striven to comfort And. bless, Have I not ever defended the right And held out a hand to help in distress to-nigh- t, -- Resting awhile In- - my old arm.chalr, ' All alone, In the dead of the night, With none but God and my conscience near, I fear my record is far from bright. Ah me! I have made bo many mistakes; nave failed so often my duty to see; "The spirit is willing, the flesh is weak," Father, I pray Thee, deal gently with me! Feb. I7tb, 1885. TO THE GIRLS. true to yourselves, girls, always be true; honest, 1j upright, whatever you do; Give heed to the monitor God placed Injou To guide you aright, girls 'twill carry you through. B3 true to yourselves, girls, be pleasant, . be kind, For in giving true friendship true friends you will find; And for every good deed in your lives that you do, deeds to you,. Will be paid back ten fold in good . Be modest, be gentle, be helpful to all, -"It take Let your tongue not speak words they would wish to recall; Girls, keep no company not worthy of you, For if you choose wisely, you've enough to pass through. Speak kindly to mother If you could but know The pleasure you give, bow It makes her heart glow-- By a Bweot, loving sympathy sharing her cares, Removing by kindness the hardships of years. And now, dearest girls, of one thing take heed, If you cannot see Into your good parent's creed, Are there things In their faith that you don't comprehend, Inquire of them kindly, and never contend; For they have the knowledge, God gave it to them, Of the truth and the power of their faith, and to men Who have proved it, and left ail their friends for the cause, Tis hurtful to bftar you make light of God's laws. And oh! dear young Biatars, in years that's to comt, When you look back and think of your childhood's home. V ,, Y . is a serious question if the risks people in sending their cFildren away from home to be .educated do not far outbalance the proh- - that eyd is not necessarily evil associated either with going away from home, or with an education; and it 13 just as true that there is no necessary association of what is commonly mider- ... stood by the word "greatness" with a or a superior education. The object ofcollege, Jifo i.v -- or should be, womanhood' manhood and perfect that perfection wh ich embraces all the moral, intellectual and social excellences known to ' the age we live in, and to the strong and crav- --- ing spirit of humanity. Education in its 'broadest sense implies all knowledge, and all experience; so that to live and to retain-th-e power of intellect, is, in that sense, ever to- - become better educated." Bu t special pursuits, special studies and it is with these we now deal), do not comprehend that fuller education - wh ich f com prises r al 1 things. College education, nor any special education,is not the great object. Like all other segregated fragments of a grand and perfect whole, it is but one of many equally important and essential attainments; ike an end r that end, human perfection. This fact does not detract from the value of scholastic attainments, for rill knowledge is a power but a power, it must ever be borne in mind, equally potent Tor good or for evil. The element o'f goodness, or virtue, or moral excellence, u outside of scholarly erudition, it exists independent of it; wider knowledge simply widens the scope for the exercise of those attributes which are comprehended xin the general term good; consequently there is a possibility that extensive, or. even limited learning may be acquired at the expense of those higher and nobler and more, desirable attributes or attainments known as moral excellences, and it is oftentbe case that the little benefit which college pursuits and experiences bring to young men are dearly bought, particularly where the price is the moral basis foundation or intuition. That is why the assertion contained in the introductory sentence was made. "It is a serious question if the risks people take in sending their children away from home to be educated don't far the possible good an education will bring." Young men, or boys, sent to college, leave home at a time when characterls forming. The plastic condition of thehiind and the susceptibility of nature at that age, which render instruction so satisfactory and productive cf such lasting results are not without dangers, for the same mobility of mind and susceptibiliiy of nature are as often to the influences of evil as of good. The character w then a tender bud, developing into the perfect flower, where the conditions are congenial, but; dwarfed, and scragg and unsightly if the surroundings are adverseor if the care is not uniform. It is the most dangerous period in the life of man or woman the hour when most is needed the?. watchful eye of the earnest parent. At that trying hour the parent who sends his son away from home influence, or permits him to leave it, offers him as a bait to every temptation of a vile and wicked world. ZThe faculty of a college deal with the intellect not with the moral nature of the pupil, reasons: First, the parent does not want the teacher to teach that branch; the faculty alHhe-restntismOTmelm- Twlsh I could peep at the records abov- eIn courts of heaven by angels kept, To see if my name Is written in love, Or branded as one who "slumbered and slept. Bo Be .Editor Exponent: out-balan- ' irksome. To escape study is to be. free iron work. They plan to be idle, not meaning harm, and then begins the awakeninrr I to that endless round ofsin", to. vhichth(; rr. T"" vices anai ingenuity or the wicket! and the vile have, fur. century upon centurr. been aeeumu- . latino. ; There is no loving, no watchful no guarding eye. The boy.whis own master.. Il "cann6ra)reciate the danger, and ho' taste.? and tastes again, until he drinks of the cup, filled with what seems to be wondrously delicious drafts, yet at the bottom of which is the poison of disease and death, la it a wonder that boys fall" Money is sent them and they spend it as they of the who leave a college depart fmm it little boys if any the- - better, intellectual', for- the time spent there, and they are moralAyrecks; their consciences are inured to sin; the highest law known to 'them is personal gratification with fcuch reasonable or unreasonable reytraiat iu they may determine fr mi themselves. The fact t hat al I are guilty, or equally free from old fogy restraint," as it is put, serves only to give them confidence, and the old sting is realized if license in the man, which with the boy, widens the mistaken idea begins 13 s"to ce - for-thre- e . ; wilL-Half-- three-fourth- nay, -- s - ulti-.mate- that it ' ' xI is liberty. " ly , was in New York on Thanksgiving Day. Tfie college boys indulged in a holiday; there was a brutal contest called "foot ball." At night a friend asked me to go d several concert rooms, and they were crowded beyond the power of words to express with these college students, boys not yet out of their, teens, smoking, chewing, drinking and drunken. They were swaggering and stagger-- . ing about, displaying money, and were the easy victims ot. vile men, and of the vile (I can hardly say unfortunate) women, who crowded about them like leeches luring them to that los3 of morality which should be above all price that highest intellectual, moral, spiritual and social attainment virtue. I wondered how much the mothers of these boys knew of their college life; and it does not take me long to decide that the probable benefits were not sufficient compensation for the, lisks taken, for the" almost certain evil to f dlow. This is not an unusual Bventjit is the rule where opportuni witlr-himw- er vi.-ite- - is anorueu. ty f College education 'in the srreakdesidenw tuinllien send your bo-- away from home. If it is only a means to an- end I believe the end can better be, accomplished. Of Course this evil is not a nfcessary attendant; boys, go and return pure, but the temptation is to all. Those who resist it are few indeed. s - - . WANDi:r.iN(i Boy? " On Wednesday, January 28th, thoMirect was broken about 400 miles from tbexoast of Ireland, and itis believed that it cannot repaired-unti- l spring. This.makes the fourth cable lost by the allied companies the two Gould cables, the French and the direct. The Anglo and the Commercial are the only two line3 in working order. Patents have been issued for the week ing Feb. .3, 1884: Martha E. Bdyd, Carthage, III., foot-warm--e- end- r. Sarah A. Moulton, Grand ltapids,3Jichigan. meat-tende- r. lararet E. Knight, Ashland, Kass., &pit for roasting meat. Anna M. Kittenhouse,6Philadelphia, Pa ,fnk-we- ll guard. Mary R. Walpole,' May field, Ky., . 