WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 157 nnuencwoT Now, HncV tllat which flesh, and that bofa of the a pint Is solrit, what' will since all are born of the flesh, this be'ng accomplished, what is the next ie,son. One teacher tells us this la a world and there are maoy to dangers meet. The wisest course, to pursue is to listen to those who by age and experience . have become acqialntei wlt i Us dangerous and calamities. We trembla to learn thi. The other tescW eaya thla la a delightful world,- . w n ana mrow aside 6 Bujiall fear. This Is quite pleasant news. 'n,iw. hapi we summon up thl courage to try It. Weill now we harn our lessons by experience It is not w aow uae class of society ljarn ui;e.w.y ieu that to be truly happy you must be truly good. This will lift and qualify you to fllJ places of trust, bath in this world and the next, for our term of school will soon close, and" our Father will call us home to give an account of how we is born of the flesh ia ) .;ipoe.Dg2jftjr perfections acf vraessr'"'" ,,Thii is the oi j fctrand aim of our people, fan have Improved and what advantage we have gained while a erjourner here. We are also told that there has been a teacher , here, even theQon of God, who left rules, which if we live by them, will save us from ruin and disgrace, and prepare u to ome again into our Father's presence. v The other teacher aays these rulei are the moat dangerous of all, because He became a saoiflce or sin, and He requires all who listen to Him to make sacrifices also. Va. In thrwa who love the world, and cannot get enough of this worlds goods, It would be a gresLsacriflce iwiuroiuoii uBiguuars as iuem3eiyes, "ana do good to those who hate, "and to pray for those whodispitefully use and psraecate you." No, they could not do it, because it is only those who are bom of water and tho epiiit vrhucau have faith in these word". The question arises: Now, after balng born of water and the spirit, how can we nourish and cherish, or in other words, develjp this spirit until we are perfected by its influence? The Savior said: "If ye keep my words as I have kept my Father' words, ye shall be heirs and joint heirs with Jeaus Christ." St. John at vo. in his first eblatle. ill: 20.30. "Belovec": now we are the eons of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be; but we know that when He shall appear we shall be like Him, for Vo shall see Him as He J; and every man that hath this hope in him purifleth himself, even as He is pure." How thankful we should bs that the Lord has a train sen t a nronhet to nremre H Is wav b"foie w w "a Him, even as John the Baptist was sent to prepare His way tha first tini3 He made His appearance upon this earth. Bat in His tender mercy He sent again to show us that no one did ee or know what we were in the sight of God our Father. Truly we hai the written word cf God, but who understood it, or kept His laws perfectly, as they must be kept, to be ready to meet the Savior when He cornea again to earth? Yes, there must and will be such a people; for Jesus said, "My sheep know my voice and wll follow me." The Lord said unto Moses, Leviticus xli; 2, "Speak unto all the congregation of the chil dren of Israeli and sayv unto them: ye shall be holy, for I, the Lord your God, am holy." And Peter says in .HI first epistle, i; "Bit as He which has called ycu is holy in all manner of conversation, because it is written, bo ye holy, for I am holy." And tho Rsfn. xattusn xr , AH , R - Vfl nerfect.' 'iw Baj r, ir.fUois even as your Father which is in heaven is per-- - m - - w 15-1- 6, - fect." ' r - mi " Remem- Do yoa ask why all these sayings? ber St. John's epistle ehowe: If ye are not holy m He is holy and perfect, ye will not be like rnakeaacrl flees from time to timeThis proves whit spirit we caitfvate, for. we cannot ferve two master; in trying to how many stumble and fall. The. Savior said, Matthew vi; 24,. "No man can serve two masters: for either he will hatejhe one and love the other; or else he will hold to t he one and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon." These are the wordiVof the Son of God. Our Father eent them to be taught to all who would listen and obey. A free will ottering to all. NoDe are compelled to come, for the Savior and our Father, too, knows full' well that those who will not come to learn of them will eventually, either in this world or the next, if they do not commit the unpardonable eint see their error and ome and be saved by the phn of redemption. Jesus eajs after the destroyer has killed the bidy this that he can do. He has no power to lead astray any longer, -I Is it not then most baneflclal to study and practice the rules our Father sent us to live bj? They are as essential as the four fundamental rules of arithmetic, which, if we know, we can Bolveall the problems in the bcok by the four fundamental rules. The same are the rules of life given by the Savior they will enable us to solve the mystery of godliness. Besides this He gives His Spirit to 6ucb, which Is he true richesorthe loWwl thlvhlch He loved the world. The sams love with which a mother loves her infant child I mean a good mother; for all are not good. 8om3 think it too much of a task to be taxed with such a burden. do-(h- pit-fa- lli - as taught us by the prophet, yet we are calls i to. . h - come to pas? iu the mvu due time of the L re? ;I do not thir.k our Gjvernmnt eoulJ aflird to give premiums to theso tho ial?e families here, should thty feel inclined to do so. I nation they give them to thoe pireu who takear.' ticjJar pa'ns to teaoh their chillren purity of h tar t, uprjghjlns??, jn f egr I y.aad tr a h When:" this Is Taugh t, bo th by precept and example, there la an efTect proJucedjhjeh will shg witself either In this world or the next, for we mmt live for both.. Let us then ba of that number who, when his Lord cometh,. thall be' found watching, is the " X , prayer of - ; . Your sisler in the Gospel, Feb. 22, 13S5 Mary ElLen Kimdall. . to-da- y iall V -- Rnr.H raniiul kaOW II1B nelgnt 8D1 rtptb Of tjut affection.. These are our lessons; bat the worli say that Mormon religion is only a farce, gotten up by Joseph Smith to lead thepeopls astray. I would ask, when will the world wake up to reason and sound seme? I won Id here adJ, that with this spirit (which our Saviar taught Nicademu3 that he must he was fit for the kingdom) wecan even live in plural marriage; because we feel a confidenca in cur associates that they cultivate its pure principles, and are eaying to the tempter, "Gat behind me, 3atan, for I am living for true principles, as taught by Jeaus our Savior." With this spirit It Is not the same thlDg at all which it would bs witnout; with this spirit we are truly happy under all circumstance!," knowing this term of school is short at best, and we are determined to do our beat while we sojourn here. We feel the smile of an alwise Providence reats upon ns, and we shall heir Him say, "Well done good and faithful tervant," etc. Bat let the tempter come in and listen to him for an hour and you are filled with hatred and difgust, and sometime with revenge, and ask, "Is this the bottomless pit? ' If thero Ij such a place. If there is I think we make it when.we do not obey the God of heaven. By doing this we learn the good and the evil, as our mother Eve designed we should. The evil is always appar. ent; let "ns, then, learn something of the good before we are called home to give an account of how we spent our time upon 'this earth. Do not be like the boy who, upon being aked what he was doing in schooI,replied, "I wait for school poa-tessbef- to be out. Look at those whose education and reflae-me- n taught them to Ignore the laws of God as given In the Garden of Eden, because it brought them on a level with the animals. To.day the French nation will give a rewerd to those who raise families. Did not God cur Father foresee all this, and much more which will ore LADIES SEMI-MO- N V tl LY MEE riNQ. The ladles' regular ly matting was held in the Fourteenth Ward Rooms, Saturday, Feb. 21st, Mm. M lobelia-Horpresiding. Singing, "How firm a foundation," etc. Prayer by Coun. 8. M. Kimball, Singing, "Come.ome ye Saints," tc. Miuutej semi-month- .. of previous meaUng read . aud accepted.. Minutes of Y. L. of tue 4 ,h an J 20ih.tvardr,nd P. A. of tho i'lst, 4tMth, 15th, 11th aul 3rd wards wtro read. Prest. Homo spokaof the reports, and thought that seeing so many presnt was au indication that there was a desire'among the people to do right. Said the Saints wer pajjing through peculiar circumstances at present, aud it was good that the Silats could maet ond worship God and enjoy His Hoi Spirit; and coatinued: "For miny years we hava recaived cjuastltf) vrtt i trading wiHi ou . .a.Mi)IMA..t have not always obayed this wise counsel, for we can now sss that we hava been prepiring a our own backs. We should ak ourwhip-foselves, are we living our raiiglon and k eping God's comminimants j we should do? Wo want to be flroi, for the timB will corai wheu we will have to stand on our own faith." Mde other good remark i, aud spake affdctioaately cf SlsterElzjj who thsn addressad th8 conireg-tion- . r "'' Sii'er E, K 8. S.,aftererpre'j3lng her pleasure in maatlugWita the shterj ones more, gava u brief account of the wy in which he had parsed the winter, aud encouraged tho sisters to b i prsyorful and faithful in the performaucs of tirn Attn t :i m ati i.i Aitnt.ii a f...trrri Slnt. Hi "fjrthFgood of the truo Latter-da- y Saints are dear to Him, and He will care for them. "I feel proud of those brethren who are imprisoned for the sake of their, religion, for they have shown themBel yes to be true and brave. Tha principle of plural marriage is as as ever it was, an 1 1 am proud of sacred y thoae who have courage enough toobait. If we are such a people a God loves we will not shrink or cow9r if every nation should rise up against u?; for He Jova?. tloe noble and brave and the righteous." She then relit 3d a drea m concarnlng the ship of Zion, and earnestly slsle&i to bd flrai and faithful, and closed by praying God to bleas all who desired to do right. . Sister E. 8. Tajln mvie eooill pi;lIoainay remark?, thought our parsecotlons were doing good and waking us up to a batter sense of ourduty. Thought the Lord had a purpose in permitting those trials toarae upon His Saint?, and msy we each bo able to say, "Thy will be I .1 to-da- ' Vdene," is my prayer. Coun. 8. M. KimbalTand Coun. B. W. Smith,, ech made a few remarks, expreising their ap- preciation of the meeting and their desire to do right, and Prest. Home made a few closing re- - -- 0 