THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - Published la Salt Laxe aty, TJtah Tennsi ne copy one year, $3. CO; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies tor tho price of nine. AdTertisinjg rates: Each s inarc, ten line of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: par month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to ... regular advertisers. ExroxesT Ofilce, Room No74 up stairs, Hooper and EI dredge Block, Main Street, a fer. "doors sonth of Z. C M. I. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : ' Ttry day, except Bunday. Address all business communications to Publisher TVostiK's Expoxbkt, ' Salt Lake Uty Utah. -- Mmi-mofcthly, "',- - SALT LAKE T" CITY, MARCH. 15, 1SS5 THE XEW ADMINISTRATION. The event that ushered in the Democratic President is now passed; the nation awaited H with anxious expectancy, many fearing that after all there would be disturbance or but neither transpired, and. President Cleveland was duly inaugurated on the 4 th of March, and U now installed at tho White. House with all due ceremony and stato. What eort of an administration it will ba is yet to ba proven. The Damocratloparty are fully confident that the"government of this' great nation will be safe In his hands that he is wise, judicious and Cleveland the wheels of state will soon roll eveqly along, and the country grow more prosperous under the new administration. bo, andohe cannoTljelp hoping the Ibmccrais are rlht in that sgainBt. hope, 1 .t 1. w l t wieir otivumvio&ej out ame UUEeiUeU COIiUHlOn of all nations at the present time certainly tends to weaken confidence in the validity of any one suveruuieui, However propiUGUi me outward seeming may appear. There was no rejoicing here on the day of the election, cotwlthstaninir the rumors circulating around to the effect that there was quite a hurrah among the'Mormoni," everybody seemed quite equal to the momentous occasion,ana went on wun tneir work as though It was an every day affair. The republican party, much as they despise tho Demccratlc principles, are quite exultant because President Cleveland mentioned in his mc83age to the people of these United Slates that polygamy should be repressed. Let then rijoice, the Saints can well afljrd it; they are IlOtlookinff for favnr frnm ni'hof mi-tnnrl therefore Cinnot be greatly disappointed. It was wunoutany neJp or aid from the United Slates SCO vemmentlhat,4 heA MeirmsHnTanrSTi t h a flag of their country In the vales of the Rocky Mountains; they drovo their own team?, made their own roads and brldges,snd pioneered their own way through with poverty and privation staring them in the face. They have made these moantuin f&3tneses habitable, and the stranger, whether Jew or Gentile, has been entertained within their gates. Presuming upon tho freedom extended to all, of whatever creed or nationality, kicked and designing men have sought to establish themselves in the midst of an innocent and unoSending people, and have, by mlitical chfcanerv and in. triguemade a stepping 'stone of honest citizens t themselves to plac8 and power. The duplicity and cunning of these office seekers who have gained a temporary advantage over the upright end diligent laborer is too thin to cover their wicked de8lgns,and It cannot much longer OT uiuu"' uui me peopje or u tan can alrord to wait, positive of the result that will follow. And notwithstanding all th? dark clouds that now obscure the horizon and cast their gloomy dieap-polntms- It-may-- 4. V to-lif- bo V & Z . . m nt, - -- shadows'over thesa Tpetceful and happy vales, niiklog the situation appeir melancholy and forbidding at the present time, it will only be of short duration, for so eure as there la btaven, He will make manifest Hii power Sn the deliverance of His people from the shares that are now laid to eatrapjtbem, and Israel will b3 freed from bondage and, the clouds will roll In thin air, and the people will ly and be lost - the waste, places - will continue to i j olce'jmd ngrowfertiie and Zionwill extend her borders, and her strength will Increase, and no power on earth can hinder its. development.' " The naticna of the earth are already struggling with difficulties that will eventually brlDg still more serlolia trouble, and the United States government will,undcubtedly,yet be glad to call upon the Rocky Mountain boys to coma to its assistance, and will be proud of those brave end honest ycuog men whom the masses of the people now professedly despise. i-- . EDITORIAL NOTES. The managers the Deeeret Hospital wish to express their gratitude ti S. P. Tea U el Eq. , the gen ial and gentlemanly proprietor of the. E9gleHou6eIn thiscity, for a pair of handsome lace curtains and thirty-thre- e yards of carpet, donated to that institution. Possibly there are others who may follow this good example, remembering that the liberal man devleeth liberal thfngsand by his liberality he shall live, and also "he that glveth to the poor lendeth to the Lord." Wfi attended the Relief Society Conference in of . fiOgden Tabernacle, Thursday, March 12th, Jane S. Richards presiding, aided by her C3uneelor,H. C. Brown. On the stand were Prest. Eliza R. S. Smith, Coun. Middleton, of Mrs. Weber Stake, and several Bishops and Presidents of the branches cf Relief Society in that county. There was a good attendance, and the reports from the several wards were good, showing each scciety to be in a flouilshing condition. 'The address of Sister Eliza in the morning was so m e th in g t o be r emem bsreo1 , hoth forlhee ocel lent instruction it contained and the powerful manner In which it was delivered. Minutes of the Conference will appear in our next. ' On Saturdayg March 7th, a number of ladies, intimate friends of Mrs. Rachel R. Grant, met at her re3idence in the 13tn Ward, it baing the anniversary of the lady's birthday. The time wasspent in social converse, supper being announced at six p.m., when the guests repaired to the residence of Apostle H. J. Grant, where a Julia-Woolle- mahner,and everyone 6eemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves. Abrat ten o'clock the party broke up. Many good wishes were expressed for the lady, who is a great favorite with her friends. May she live to enjoy many more years of prosperity and happiness. On Tuesday evening, March 10th, we had the pleasure of attending, by InvitatioD, the Your g Ladies' Meeting in the 20th Ward, Mrs. Lula Greene Richards prealding; her Counselors, Mrs. Annie G. Sharp and Mrs. El'zibeth Stayner were also present. After singing prayer was offered by Elder Wm; Willis; Then singing again. Minatea of previous m9eting wore read and approved, after which the roll was callsd by the secretary, and many of the yonng ladies responded with a proverb or passage from Scrip- ture, which was quite interetting. - The programme, which had been prepared for the even vl6 Ti. (1. Rinhania. Cinn. E. Rtavner then aketi the young ladies who had kept the resolution given at the last meeting to risa up; qjite a large number responded. President Richards nro nosed as all -had not kent it to nave tne same resolution ior the next meeting, which was d. c'ded upon. The resolution was to ba punctual at the hour of meetings Programme., for next meeting "was read and meeting adjourned, and offer alrYflrtntv tVtn honoirttlnn vxra a rif An nnnntvi Kr Mies Cecelia Sharp. rf . 1 . group of ladles met at the residence of Apostle Wilford WoodrufTin honor of his wife. Sister Phebe C. Woodruff, who, on the 8th of March, attained to the age of 78years. Sister Woodru if had recently resigned har position as President of the teachers of the Relief Socletyof the 14th Ward, and the officers and members of, that organization, wishing to recognfZ3 their appreciation of her valuable eervlces, while she Itad officiated in that canxcitv. r s tendered her this . . - . J m 1... tlU . ... ... .-- .I .1.. The afternoon was spent in the most happy manner in social conversation and remarks frorn several of the ladles including Sister WocdrufI herself, and Ler venerable Blaster, Sioter Fofs, who Is now eighty-fou- r years now Woodruff and Sister seven'y-eigla. old; bears her honors well. She Is a new England woman, from the State of Maine, one of the old Puritantock that "wears-well"7- alid may live many sicre years- We ardently hops she may live until she is satisfied with life and.has filled her mission here, and is prepared to enter into the fulness of rest prepared' for the faithful Saints of God. gantajbum. ht EORN AGAIN. J3UjnpJUU3 caalon. The table was handsomely set out, and the viands were delicious. Mrs. Lucy Grant, theamlabie hostess, and her sister, Mrs. with. Miss Maggie Ivina assisting, waited upon the ladles In the most charming eCitalidnsTairwell Tendered by the membrrs. Afterwards the meetinc w&a PjaAeiR. y, . We Jearn from cur Savior's remarks to NIco- demus, upon the importance of baptism. As written, John Hi; 6 7, Jesus said to him, "That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of thetplrit is spirit." 7th verge: "Marvel not that I asy unto thee, ye must be born again." Looking at the subject in the true eense of the . word, how readily we can understand the reason that the human family, in their natural state, cannot comprehend the designs and purposes of our Great Law elver, the Savior of the world. We can understand what tender care an ihfsnt must have who bag been born into this world without this care Its faculties could not be properly developed; but with it how soon ycu see the fruits of your labr. Even while it is fed upon milk it is susceptible of foy and sorrow. At an early date It will laugh; and Is always ready to cry if hurt in the least. Bat with love and tender care it will grow like a thrifty plant, and eventually become like & sturdy oak of the forest. Now, if that which Is born of the fle3h can arrive at the perfection of manhood in so short a time, what mighttthat which is born of spirit do, providing it bad the same tender care, I often think this life seems to be a school. Our Father sent us here: we knew nothing when we arrived. Our first lessons were gained from observation, and lovingly we were taught to Jisp the name of our parents, until we could not bear to let them leave us, save as our attention was . taken by some other object. This shows how ready we are to lsarn our lessons from objects, and especially .those that gratify and pleate the - : 7 eye." We soon learn that we are surrounded by two 