in nat tair.g halnb:d n? the r da?y :si p.sc to tw fast their l.uil nud'ue? iater s'ld in the f jbtctad had frmei in it. f-- i',";:,;y ti 1 f t--e " C-ur- rh c--t rv ,jriy Tsro'li'' 1 srhkM. 4-:- '! i?t:r ia ih pre 55 a 'Xxzs ti Ctrl', viih thst unity of tjt 1 ex SnoYlme cf ite .ja.25 future without o; s .fsni;m-n.- Jsi rata J byond h:$ the gvetVcoiapreBeoJ the ioiorial detny cf .Gid'- - creiiiia. The work that he did eo;ild not have beea done without tbe-ai- d of eur . j cau-he was poor an J because he testified to the truth as.Gol showed it unto him; and sa Gcd's ways are not Ike man's way?, to which - - 1 . - . e the world caun t conform, no, more than the ungodly could taCIbrist te&chlrgfjWhen He came to the Jews. TheLord say He will do a strange work and a wonier; and sgafr,.He ssy?, He will do nothing except He reve I ith Himself to His servants the Then ho v" can He do His woik oh the earth without a prophet? Says the unbeliever, 'We need no more of these thrin to rjake up a&fcei "Mfa'S-is-ntc- !h' unes pectedhoKO". ltittulg'n? aihort tfae la fcclut conversation, muy remlnleencs of At the x?lcs ilz n by goue d ay wei re ite of the i Imo thin r bTas iu ,empqycd, all rey paired to the dining hall, surrounded the r for - lot 1 Tae me'aibrs of caeh pto'esfioa were tioi wiliirg that wocaan'ih ?utd enter 11 ethers but the:.' own, though sie had shown her ab iity to D Blake cave a reaort of Spread tabl s to partake cf refreeh scents. Hr e toas, and iofideii'y reigii triumphant. We must no ni)re peruae the sacred book and believe in its inspired pigev Its unfailing jropheciea in the past mark defioitely itjs fulfilment Jn-tfuture, and ' God 13 an unchangable being, He a111 in thfifjimn- nlifn . . , Iirinw c ftlmit His innrn'jSfa r and comprehensive manner as He has done in all ages of the j Mauv. Ann M. Pkatt. he a-- , a-t- .. New York and maJe some extended remarks. w?y to stop oppcsUlon wa? to kill dl' thoe who oppo.-ethe woik Bhe td J how 6be and "others had workej to defeat the e'ectipn of who had opposed th3 fullrae movement as membsr-- of the HlaTe Legislature; and" ca!led"atleht,iiggrto the euc:ess with whfch iheir efforts had met in killing these man pilitibally-whworked against them and con JemneJ theja 'to that death" from which there was no res- WASHINGTON CONVENTION. Fd i tok Exponent: , the National The 16th annual cnvenUon-o- f Woman's Association has just terminated, and m the mainJtias oeen a success, mougn were to an exwas. imminent danger of tent, alTeast fir a time. The convention was held in the "Uhurch of our Father" Universalis!;. The attendance throughout does not seem BJ's vuo yvar prr- jaigs cuciai ceding that 1?, attendance of people not actual-Jmciribars. This decrea3P, howeuer, Is probably duo to the fact that the place o? meetinz was not so centrally Iccited as is L'ncoln Hall, where the mietldgj had been held heretofore, and could hot bi reached within several f q urea' by ths etrtet cr.-- , the cold weather also raiy have had the ilTeci of leiseulng the number" present. HoTrever, in the evenings there were generally as many as could comforULly be Fea'eJ, and the meeticg were spirited anJ in the main to awaken a greater Interest in the movement and to furnish convincing proof of its J as lice to thoee who m y still Entertain doubts on the sulject. Blx 8ft! ns were held, two each day, Uegin-liiri- g at 32:30 and 7:30 p.m , beginning on Tuesday and coniiau'rg through Wednesday and Thura- Thfl nfipr mi;tn wprn dnvntAil tn ronnrta spfcecbesand addresse-- ; the evening to only, and while some "were inclined to weakness, there were many noticeable for depth and breadth The first meeting of the convention wa8 opened by iavcottion by Rev. Alex. Kent. On ,the stand, platfjim or pulpit wera seated El'za-bei- h Cidy B antoo, Susan R. Anthony, Maiilda J. G ge, Ell-- S.Fray, Oiroline G. Rogers, n H. Hheidon, L'ilie D. BUe, an J others, wh i lo cl e fcbjui the platform were d t 8 id en- 1 f ho m'.vmp!i t vlH i xf - ro m irn nr too a pr imiuent. Tno openihsr aJdrees Wjs. delivered tshe epLko'ln congratulatory by Mre. turoaa of ?h? n'pemblipe ani the progress of the fl aai if- mpn Rprn nrcf. niiiaMa nf malr. Wnrlr. in g cities and tow m ea'3 for youths to live In, then they had better give way and see what women could do.' The women of the Republio iu xi4vo eou oi 3 j y cl-CJlate- -- ad-dres-- El-Ie- n 1 i d es One feature of the f evasion waTof pscnllar in- te'est; the last' pariywera8jandinaviani, many of whom were advaLced in years, their connte- - d mn i o urrection. Every woman, fhe said, c:uld control at lesst one vote. Home were others eh? .hoped,- be married, would, bo . soon ,' but if no sue'i. infljeac v&r e poesible, then ehe should go to her grcceryman and others with whom she dealt au J see that he was in favor of th movement and wcuJd support it with hi vote, or she would give her custom to seme one that was in sy mpathy with " the caute. arah M, Perkins reporToT the work done in Ohio, and she tolJ graphically bow the Woicau'd Christian TemprancB Union -- had b a prayer bsen thought to espouse the cause of wemautuflrage and make that cajse its ownfor the reason that the Temperance could never hope to acpmplfah any permanent ood. until woLuan,- by the ballot, could tay that the dram Bhop ounJ tha corner, whijh wasdes-tr- f ylng her "darling boys, s'iojU bo forever r"-.'- 'r madB-aveTyat- Te - . ' closed. Mr?. rerkin8 was followed by Frances E Bjrr, who reported woik in Connecticut. The report, while mainly encouaagin?, wai not as Batifrc-'- ;' tory &i c?uld bo desired, Mrs. Harriet Shattuf k of MiL'en, Mass. .gave an ad J rees on What WomauV Ho IT. age " Means She went on to show that rponei-b'.litie- s multiplied upon men anJ they wero tha batter for ir, and that yiar by year duty upon duty have been added to women and she had ever qualified herself for it. The whole sut ject was centred in the worJ responsibility, and while womenalready had many ehe waute one more that of suffrage. Bhe rid.culed, and ab'y too, the idea that disqualification shoulJ be bscause of sex, and argued fuch a conclusion to a logical conclusion, showing the uttr absurdity of such a poaition. Resolution! were then real, and It was stated they would be opaa for dhcussion on the follow4 ; -- v ing afternoon. . tMed.Ahm sentiments, Every sue ceding company took Slehfr 1... tv. tt. --The " . o unawares, as sne supposed each departure completed the day '4 surprise?. - - r work m : fcTfcver 1 tasie-fi-ll- pene Ldii 1 r.acc?s rfidUiiFitJrjjoyai with faltsrlng stepi they rtuvanceu to greei their, esteemed friend. At the table the kind witshts and pleasing 8ntl-men- ts otlred in their nativa tongup, wereloter-prete- d by Sister Miry Star, their P.eident el cted hearty and appropriate reponees and, from Sister E II. S. S. and our generous hostess. So passed the day: the occasion cheered and made happy many heartp, and we all real ttae truthruiness of the p:overb-,vi- n blessing we z-- d are bledt. ' M. CORRESPONDENCE. Garden City, R Emtor Kxionknt: Sister E. R. 8. Smith spent the Holidays iu "Brlgham City. Darin? her visit here she at- tended several of our meetingand social gatherings and contributed much to their profit and 03lal enjoyment. , ; On New YearV day a reception was held in Prest. Lorer z 800 resldei ca ia honor of our undr the superv's'on of Pret. Minnie T. "Snow, as JMed by her c .unselor, Mies Fieiilie VVlierb g. O e hundre ladit3 from dtfferent wards tf the city, membsra of the R. fi. and Y. L. M. I. Associations, ia groups of twenty fife arrived at various interval during the dy. As each prjy of guests appeared they were cordially receive J, introduced and seated in th paror,here Slater E. R. 8. Smith gave expression to her anrpiiae end appreciation of 15, 18S5. Thinking perhaps a few items from our north a few lines. I ctn truly say that your valuable Jlttli paper is an ever welcome guest; we read it and eDjoy the instructions therein. And whi'e we are enjoying peace here, for which we feel thankful, we do not know for how long a time. When I read of what is termed legal proceedings with our brethren In different places, many of them born legal heirs to the Constitution for which our. forefathers fought an 1 bled, I can bat exclaim, Where, oh, where haa liberty fled? They, for the exercise of their religious faith, are pul into prison end fined; whereas, our glorious Constitution g iarantea unto all religions to enjoy that right. It was written by inspiration, and has prepared the way for the bringing to pass the purposes of the Lord in establishing our holy religion upon the earth in these the last day . Then let u all, sisters, pray earnestly unto the Inrd to hasten the time when our brethren may be rem v el from prison and returned to their families and the bosom of the Church, which may G ;d grant. Oar Relief Society in this piC9 is In gcod condition; we hold our meetings regulrly, and have the Spirit, of God with ua. The. Young L idles' and Primary Associations are in success-fu- l - operation. ; Praying the Lord to blesi you and give you and for the differ- strength for your1 great labor, .r . I vui uuievi88 auu aasociaiionB, jl ana your Biaier . in the Go3pel, w . NEW YEAR'S RECEPTION. Jani c'a Co., Ann E. Cock. . si-ter- , 1 PATTY SESSIONS. Continued. Sister Sessions' notes in her diary are most of them of a personal character; still we fiod. so many familiar names, it is pleasant to mention one or more incidents, connected with her occupation jn thde days. j On the 22:id of February she speaks of having attended Sister Lightner, who had a son born at that time. On the 7th of June Newel Knight's wife had a daughter born. On the 14th of June her son Peregrine returned from his mission East. On the 26th of July Orson wife had a daughter. September;27 Spencer's she ays sthe Governor's troop3 were there. . -- - -- 