1V WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Gh in 'pr protect bnrwhirh caused provjsionsto be ensued, i; The much' .I.E. isd brhcM so i thzhtssiics?. the a path v not iheliuHy,.;.the.ihinsgl)ffiil then oi lessitessy the to speak feel to exclaim like one of , Who, can be saved':" but the ever Jovini: voice of the Savior is heard in answer, "With men it' is im- possible, Tut with God all thihg3arc pcssible. By Truly may it b said'4iGod is Love-'- ' this blessed knowledge is our faith and hope sustained and keDt alive, and we arise renewed and refreshed, and go on our way rejoicing. Ave nson a; no them. " 1 w as at B rorr K and his wife were botirteir:- -i stant as long I couhi keep up. ' 1 went nome hck. iook ever ihev wanted for their army to eat while as I was unable to rise fas. my bed, from which t In--v were cammed outside of the city, lor all " weeks- - My sister Harriet, pre ceeIei know that even a mob1 ran? teat toTi ve, i f:th cy several ami was occupying one side of. the have to rob women and children of their last me home, bed, very sick. We lay in this conditionuntil "morsel to do it. .1 know how it was in our Kimbaa valkd had to boil wheat to eke out one day Brothers Yoiing'.v' family--mothwere just starting on a mission, the little corn meal that we had; Hour we had at our tent; they admrnistered.to us when the fever none, and I remember seeing her make "some and they meal for the crust: I broke, and we were much better, but we did ' q our strength. fii noose she thought the corn. dodder and; not get Aftpr a fpw weeks, bein or neither sick nor child- pumpkin sauce would taste better to the vcry-.cnrc- i l, and e," suffering liwri-takeuattiepigsrpoultrjraiidnvh- AUTOBIOGRAPHY P. YOUXG. , v -- --- -- ' "Oh. Lord, look down in merer unon Thy people who are afflicted and oppressed. How Ions:, 0 Lord , wilt. Thou su fler the enemy to oppress Thy Saints.' Destruction hath come upon us like a whirlwind, in the which Iliou hast verified thy words, for Thou didst forewarn us that it should come, and behold Thy . word is fulfilled. The enemy came upon us to drive us from the State of Missouri, or .exterminate us. But Thou, 0 Lorddid stay their hands from killing us, though numbers were massacred; and Thou didst send forth uncommon severe frost and snow, and by that means f ave us, as a people, from being driven out at the time appointed. But Thou didst suffer the enemv, unlawfully, to take Thy ser vant, together with scoresorotheryhodrove-- 1 . usJikailumba'es-from-oiir-hom- in os mid n dreary and melancholy time. We were in a large, open room, where the cold northern blast penetrated freely. Our fire3 ;were small, and our allowance for wood and . wo nut crcu n blanket to lie upn. Our beds were the cold eon-fine- d ftelleeretakttowirwitn-tne-snaKin- g floor. ; . There,Thou didst suffer the wicked to tvran- ize over us; yea, the vilest of the vile did guard us and: treat us like dogs; yet we bore our oppressions without murmuring; but-ou- r souis were vexed both night and day with their filthy conversation, for they " constantly blasphemed Thy holy name. How long, ()"Ln1(l7 wilt Thou Fuller them to blaspheme Thy name? Wilr. 'limn iiui, ,;iOH ' cut them off und consign them th ir portion among hypocrites mid' unbelievers? In the midst of our oppression we did call upon Thy uame,0 J.oid, and Thou didst'liear w, and deliver us in home "degree from the hand of oppression, yet the enemy doth still threaten us and would fain destroy us from the face of the earth, but we are in Thy hands, 0 Lord , and we know that the enemy can go no farther in oppressing, us than Thou dost permit. O Ijorddeliver Thou Us from our oppressors. Send Thy judgments and destroy those who nre' not willing to let Thy Saints have a rctiu place upon Thy footstool. Save Thv 0 Lord, save Thy people froni oppre o. I bondage yea, redeem Thy Zion; in Thin, isU , time redecin it. How long, O Lord, slnll the t nrmv 1,- -. mitted to wear out Thy Saints f4,fl' f iinaitru uie iay wjien sit, and pow?r be givca Puv S,tin, t t'ven ion ver ari l r"lM t'tr. - V bneyear i. w 1 Altjr O ' : wattj '."Mill J inii iivicK nut f .. .i hn 6 Athe teiilrwBsmB'acbTSp;'-fortable fI f I 1 ' ---- --- -: . 1840, in her nineteenth year. , - T I will here mention the kindness of Brother and Sister. William Law to our family in our distressed condition. While my father lay Eliza and I, and some of the sick, other children were sick also, and it was very unpleasant for so many sick to be in one small e ts my-siste- r Brother and Sister Law took Eliza and I home with them and showed us every kindness. I feltas though I had almost got to heaven, after all the years of suffering that we had endured, and now to be in such a good house, and to have a comfortable bed to lay upon, with nourishing and palatable food, I almost thought that it was too pleasant to be true. . , After fathers death Brother Law took our whole, family home and administered to our wants, and with such good and. kind caro wo and when we had began to improve sufficiently regained our health we went back into our little hut once more. When I think of the Laws, and what good men they seemed to be, and realize the course they have taken, my soul sorrows and mourns over their fate. Can it be possible that such kindness as fhey extended to my father's family will be all lost? room.- - : in-hea- lth, "The Woman's Silk Culture Association now operates under the patronage ot the United States Government, a trust and honor well be- ruling the river, mother rented a inncy, and here father met us. We auaol but a short time in Quincy. Father l uwuy to rittsfaeld, Pike County, wWre we ,si remained until a place for tU ring of the Saints was appointed, when ic mavtd u Commerce, afterwards Nauvoo wred a city lot, and V ff pitched his tent ua s h r a Urge elm tree. The place was very unhealthy, and nearly evrvb, y there was sick; so much so that it w hard to find well ones enough to care for . U "i c r '.! a ui iug-iora- 1 Oil SnQ OD. IOr y ofI). ip'nrnhil.lt..,! 113. forty-sevent- . i. v.. 1 jsuiauAiyu a hi uu uu a uumt w t u which had to be done mostly by his own labor, that he felt he could hardly spare time to be sick, so he would take quinine and break up the chills for a week or two, so that he could labor on his. house; and when the chills returned he would take more quinine and go to work again; hut he saw that it would take a long time at this rate to get into his house, so he concluded to build a stable for his cows and move his family into that; but moving was the last thing he ever did in this life. He died on h the . 27th of May, 1840, in his year. My sister Harriet died a few days be- - - . The brethren l ours. early grave.Ami now, in 1835, nearly all of the Saints I hat were Jiving then ha ve passed away, aud tlic few that are Iiviiiirno'w are thosn that, worn children then, and they are becoming advanced in' years, and it will not be very long and there will be none left living upon the earth to bear witness against the horrid deeds of the Missouri mob. But the record of their wicked deeds will remain and condemn them-tlu-will yet have to foot thebill with inter- - -- r Wlf. knt i..-.,.,-'.." Hift-Aiiein- or-more- r place for sick folks, father rented a store tiaf wna 'ftllfil thr "nnncr . Ill II II UUU landing, before house," built at the steam-boa- t me oainuj ueg" iu kuiciuwc lies occupied other portions of the house. Bro. Hyrum Smith's family had a room adjoining' herJ'amily, started for well, anywhere out of the State of Missouri., We were set down "on the banks of the Mississippi River, opposite Quincy, and were again houseless and homeless, wandering in the cold and bleak winter weather, with scanty food and clothing. We pitched our tents and" waited for an opportunity to cross the river. There were several families of Saints there when we arrived j and they, were continually coming, so the bank of the river was dotted with tents, now the only home of the again exiled Saints. The wagons bringing families were unloaded and taken back for more of the Sain ts. When we crossed the river it was ice and partly-in-th'ferry- boat. partly The shore on the Quincy side of the river was lined with the inhabitants of that pIace,to witness the crossing over of the Mormon even the exiled Saints in midwinter. Perhaps many thought they were a strange people, or some kind of animals; not buman beings like themselvessubject to sorrow and pain, cold and hunger and distress. . In all our wanderings and being driven, we have had to go out in the cold winter months, and the suffering of the people must have been very, great. Children could not sense the awful reality of the situation as older ones did, on whose shoulders, the burden rested. I some times look back upon those scenes with horror, and wonder how the Saints did continue to endure, time after time, such heartless cruelties. But. many could not endure, and so found an on-th- nnfml1PI rhi.Vi parcueu uwu liiey naa notning-pu- i Well, these were some oi the moDocratic days of my childhood. Father was released from prison a.nd returned to Far West, but in consequence of trouble beins: brought upon him by apostate brethren, . M I r it h i.to he was compelled again uee.irom nis lamny and home. Mother, soon after, put what she could of her effects into a wagon and, with Out-Cas- ..j ' -- 1 Continued. .. - er w-ta- OF EMILY I), Di a pie.....Some were worse off than we were,, for Salt Lake CitV, Ju!v,lS85 tak care of o help enouhatnongthe: siek-t-benezer-uo- thsfickfor bury the drad. i Tn J !on eoph Am affected by the stowed.". "The New York Press Club gave a reception to the Hon. H. B. Stanton, husband of Elizabeth Cady Stanton, last week, on the occasion of his eightieth birthday." m " 'Sweet Cicely' is a new novel by 'Josiah Allen's Wife' (Marietta Holly). This is a con tinuation of the famous Josiah Allen's Wife's series. A literary gentleman who has carefully e story in manuscript, says: 'In u 111 Pruvc ine uncle lorn o Caom of the temperance reform 12- " 'MJg .I HVVU ' '' -- -- 