Vol. , ..... 13 HALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAIKJH 15, 1885 ;A TUAYKUFOK ZID: kM"r: "" J - " 7 now doth fp read this fair land o'er flash around from fihore to ehorc; 'And lightning In this dark hour we come, our God and friend, To Thee, Tou canst with tempests, blessings blend. " $ wtll purified; know tho gold must kuow the tares togi.'ther Thon'wllt bind. (), give Jis now Thy Spirit's strcngthening power, That we may truly ttand the trial hour, be - ' lives. - . . .Jff-vr- vnr .' , t - . We are our Father's, and our work is II is. The spirits that are entrusted to pur care as children, areTIis; they are only givento bur charge for a season; we are entrusted with the noble mission of giving them bodies thatthf-may enter the, school of experience on this earth, and as they are wholly our Father's,how should proper and how right it seems that He direct through what lineage they should bo . born. These are trying times for those who .ire desirous to assist in building up the Church of God by practicing the heavenly order of marof the riage, and only those who have "able Spirit to stand the Lord to guide them will be the test. In these times we should draw nigh unto God with humbleness of heart if we would have His guidance arid protection; when we know we have His approbation, then in equal the enemy strength can we meet the attacks of . of righteousness. saldesire who all called upon The Lord has the midst of Babylon from out come vation to and withdraw themselves from the ungodly and comthe contaminations of the wicked. He manded them to gather, to ercape the plagues that nawould fall upon the wicked and corrupt tions Another object also He had in view in -i- was bringing His people to this asylum and that they, untrammejed I)y Uie traditionsdark-ne evils that envelop the world in a cloud, of and be taught might learn of His laws His ways. Here they are taught how to purify their hearts, their minds, and their bodies; the latter He requires them to make pure that tabernacles that they may be able to produce noble spirits will be fit receptacles for those m which are t6 form a braLch that will with tataiu strength and purity be able to cope and bear off God's Kingdom in righteousness, are the As I taid, ray, young sixers, you comthis .laughters of those who have obeyedthose who mand to gather to these mountains; Lord to do the have not only covenanted with covenants these His will, but have fulfilled to raise up hat The Lord has now set to work of in the Book of righteous branch spoken He has, commanded His Mormon( therefore Hope. TO THE YOUNG GIRLS. .theseTlocky-Moun--taTnFtTilTteTraig- I love partieularlxiiLMd pWgrrlsTtHelweet, fair daughters of Ziou. I wish to ask von,' my young fcisicis, nutww surround you realize fully the blessings that mission here you and the importance of your : .: , upon the earth. the age that Many of you have arrived at tain k of to most girls are when they begin without doubt, marrying, and many of you, have thought much on this subject, and seriously, too; it isyour dutv to think about.it. Marriage is one of the most important steps a womanhas to take in life, and. she should, not seek to enter into this covenant .without first seeking the aid of her Heavenly Father to guide her in her choiceof a husband.. Jlore . than those of any other people in the world bhould the women of Zion seek for the guidance of their Father in this all important step. You are the daughters of those who have covenanted with the Lord to help to buildup Hj3 Church in rigkteousnes8,and you are heirs of Christ right to every privilege the Gospel 9 ht mentioned ot evil nas peen uone : vumn lpctrAVPl nnd Ti dpstroviniy her offsnrincr. even before it is permitted to take its first breath in this world; she has cast aside her virtue and prostrated nersen ueiort- mujuan , ...Ko -- and he, apparently, baa lost sight of the exalted pillar upon which woinanshould sit, and he smiles upon her debasement and descends to bask in the pleasure of sin with tho wanton and the harlot. The power of Satan has such cares nothing for possession of his soul that he that a posterity, he avoids the responsibility deter- and KrJnrr imnn him is will woman while yield tn nnf marrv which with desires the of to him a satisfaction Satan fills his heart; he cares nothing, for her "honor and integrity, he would much rather make her a prostitute than make her a wile; or if he marries her he would rather prevail the birth of children upon the wife to prevent them-- u than be at the exr ense of supporting i,n t nA frxremHpn His children; lias He no remedy for this prevailing evil? . Will ;,i ,il whFl)oast that they -- HistlatTghterrbynoIe Him and bear His image, yet have forsaken from them are ashamed of His laws and turned nnnce 01 l.im' who n the i :.i the hand that is evil, and not extend to them toward His own? 1 continually stretched out are yet a think not. Among the sons of men few compared few- and they are indeed a very . . v 1. ri onn fmm whom a with tne muiuiuuc and love of righteousness has not departed, and the virtue of woman who till the design honor the marriage rite by fulfillingand woman of the Almignty in bringing man t ' ..-- V, .. y Tempe, Feb. 24, 1S35. -- ulation of the world." And man has, listened to his teachings. To the woman he said, "destroy your offspring, make barren the fruitfult.har. thus fominfJ lortn ncajJ J V J j ?nm t kn anirit. wnrld mfiv 'fiftase lav VOuVvir- -' tue at the feet of man and assist him in help--in- g me in this Tgreit scheme of mine;" which is to' prevent the birth of those mighty spirits -Avhich are to come forth in this dispensation to enlist in the great struggle between truth and " error. Such great power has Satan over the hearts of the neonle. that all and more than I have all-importa- nt ; and right. . navies, and raise a carnival of blood and death, '; invpiif infpfnfil TYiRfhinps t.f lifiston thft dpnon- - this favor. We are here todo our " Father's work, to raise up a people for Him. especially; then how necessary that He should dictate us in these matters, and how necessary it is that we come before Him aud in humility ask sllis guidance in this step; the choice of a companion, as well a3 in every other act of our Oh, may our prayer, O God, to Thee ascend, And with the, voices of the angels blend; And may "Tby Kiugdom come, Thy will to done," When Christ and all Tby ealnts shall be as one. . All I r . of J i fsr' To nations withering in sin and strife, Yearning to save would they but heed the voice Or truth and la Thy love rejoice. Their words more precious far than glittering gold, The hearts they touch not, must indeed lw cold, Where'er their lot be cast on sea or land, and guiding hand. May they e'er have Thy power We pray for all now scorned for Thee and Thine Appointed laws, most sacred and divine; Da Thou their help in every time of need, And with tho bread of life Thy children feed. ; - -- ' Apostles,ecngers Al-mirh- tv -- They arc tried and proven, even seven tlmps; They have testified of Thee in many climes: Now in this hour, O Father, guard them well, And from ten thousand hearts gUd praise shall swell. For Thine bodies in which these spirits are tabernacled. Satan, anticipating the design of the in this trreat work, has soujrht to frus- trate'these designs he stalk3 abroad in the nations, planting the seeds of 'evil in every spot in the soil of human- nature that.will re ceive it; he says to man," prostitute the woman, destroy. ypurLmanhood.seek for gold and riches ' Bearing glad tidings of the joy a to come, When all Thy chosen ones are gathered home. lor Thee ... i .. llcrsous go forth from out the prison wall, rroclalming peace and liberty to all, For faithful do they Btand people, ana yon are tiesunea 10 oecome ine mothers of this trreat race of which I have iust enoken:t therefore it is of the utmost importance - Forgive the follies of tach passing day, And help ua now to put all tin away, That nearer we may come, onr God, to The, l'raying the time Is neat when Zion hhall be free, Now for our leaders do we pray to Thee, Kven Thine own anointed, chosen Three; O, may their lives, bo precious in Thy sight, . i . No. 20 - s Wo We . - nt storm-cloud- "give to man; and one" of the sweetest and mostM n giunous me.viugs given ui i3 tne privilege w e have of being led by lib .Holy Spirit in all " ' " that we do. Ve are told by the ancient prophet that at .the time of. the. coming of the Savior7Tt would be with the people as it was in the days of Noah, they .'would be marrying and giving themselves in marriage. Now, the people for generations have been doing this thing, which is a sin before the Lord, or the prophet would not have included itritnong the sins he names that raeU would be committing in the -- latter- ; : days. T ; Then we want to be careful that we do not give ourselves in marriage, for our Heavenly Father, you; see, forbids us to do this thing. He is the one who should give His children in marriage, and He will do this if we seek Him-fotr Here qu tbld liuniblo mount, my Ood, to Thoo prayer we t;ow the kneo hi burable.-frmTo pleud for 'Aon, bending 'neathlhe rod lit botidapc oq Tblne own and freedom's sod. ..Tho 'Nations'.' of the Women of all Jfto&gHto - . ' -- UPWith these few but tried and faithful serwork inthena-- . vants He iis doing a eighty fi. u nrmfinlfts piven tor .i thWance anu. ci, whicbrBbe is bound and stand in. no other honored equality with man and by means under heaven can she do it. servants of The Lord has given unto these and pro- honor His a commandment to marry, .ffiby . the dust . 