WOMAN'S 78 1 The yellow leaves arc dunging f.ist. s Sad vinds among the tht sigh, Blithe Autumn's reisn is well-nig- h past, And sombre winter draweth nigh. Ah me, the short and dreary dy ;, The withered bloom of woodland ways, The silent birds the sunless sky, pine-tree- . 'Hie tempest's wailing voice on high! Hut yet, my heart, thou hast confessed That all God does is for the best, ook up, then, though tha leaves are shed Arid Summer birds and flow'rs are gone; These passing scenes around thee spread Are not to rest our hopes upon. ' Though skies were bright and breezes soft When green trees swung their arms al it. Why should thy thoughts be sad because These things are changedjiy nature's laws? Be still, my heart, thou hast confessed. That all God does is for the bestr Not as we wish, not as we will, But as we peed Life's joys or pain, . ' ' Its toil or rest, God gives us. still ilessingthe sunshine and the r.tin. -- And vthth with tears we sometimes-crTor treasures valued once so hih, -And think how hard it is to lose The one dear gift our hearts would choose, Oh, calm 611 this assurance rest, What'er God does is for the best! - ' 'Tis said that in the eagle's nest jhe mother points a thorn on high,- -To wound her young one's tender breast -- "" And force the feeble wings to fly, 'Tis so when to some happy home The thorns of Joss or sorrow come, When joy is changed, to sharpest pain And life seems empty, labor vain; God weans us so from earthly rest,. And all He does is for the best. S VNN Vll . SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. It "WHITNEY" (Continued.) My mother's babe wan a li'tle over a month old .when father left with the pioneers. A little black eyed, rosy cheeked girl, between twelve and thirteen, had been given to them a few days previous to father's leaving, whom tbpv ndnnfpd thpir nwn TTpr mrthpr bnd died on the journey -- from Nauyoo, leaving a number of little children, that were taken by different families. - They came from England, and the father was rather a worthless sort of man, and seemed to care very little for child- j ren. , The members of my mother's household numbered fourteen, including herself. Three of them were young men who were adopted into father's family Peter Hanson, George Roads and Jacob Frazier, and three young women Harriet Sanders, father's wife, Jenette Murray, a cousin of mine, Mary Fors- greeni Lucy and myself and five little brothers made up her private family. Wm., her eldest, acted as a guardian, and attended to the wants ofthe families - under liis charge. - Brothers Daniel Davis and James Smithies. were his as sistants, and helped to raise gardens and provided the needfuls to sustain life. The younger boys attended to herding the cows, and they were occasionally nearly frightened out of their wits hv Tndiirn wbn wnnrml i, ilrirnvowan their cows.-U- ne " d 1 -- dajr my little brother Charley went out with them and had the misfortune to lose his only hat, and had to go without for a timvtill he'was so badly tanned that he was usually called the half breed, and when asked liis name wouldL invariably answer, "Charley ' He was only five years old, and half-a-breed.- otherwise than dark. We had a varied and peculiar experience from the time that we were left, till the return of the pioneers. Thiygs looked rather dark", ard to all appearance Jtiere wasno earthly source to which We couITlook. When one meal was eaten, how the next was to be obtained was something of a puzzle. But when things looked the darkest, and want seemed most imminent, some way or other we were provided for, and relief came ometime3jn a ; But to. return:. way mot marvelous. As I havcTp.revipusly mentioned, the scurvy was raAus in our midst, and a good many had already died in consequence; Only a very few potatoes could be obtained at that time of the year, and for what we did get wo had to pay a high price.' 1, being among the poorly ones, in this luxury, and which I shall never forget, with the nice tea, which mother had purchased of Aunt Sabra Granger, it be ing superior ''black tea, that which CoL Kane had sent her. On the morning of May Gib I was delivered of a beautiful and healthy girl baby, which died at the birth. Thus the only bright star, to which my doting heart had clung, was snatched away, and, though it seemed a need less bereavement, and most cruel in the eyes of all who beheld- - itr their sympathies were such that, by their united laith aud prayers, they seemed to buoy me up to that degree that death was shorn of its sting, till 1 could say, "Thy will, not mine, be done." Three weeks of suffering followed, when I was dressed one day, but I took cold and was again prostrated, and lay in a critical state for uuother three weeksK apartot that time in a cold clammy sweat, until everything on me wa3 as wet as though it had been drenched in cold water, aud death seemed determined to claim me, but I was saved for a purpose. Before L was 'able to sit up, the scurvy laid hold of me, commencing at the tips of the fingers, of my left hand with black streaks running up the nails, with inflammation and the most intense pain, and which increased till it had reached my shoulder. Poultices of scraped potato, the best thing,it was considered.to subdue the inflammationit would turn black as soon as, applied, a nd for al they were changed every few minutes for fresh ones, it was all to no effect. By tlus time I had lo.it all fai th, and patience. too, and, with a feeling of desperation, I arose, aud, taking the wrap and everything with it, I threw it with such force that it went "into the fireplace on the opposite side of tho room, saying, 'There you can stay, for I will never do another thing for it!" and to my great I had no occasion to, as the pain andsurprise disease had left me, and from that moment I felt no more ot it. Still there were other obstacles in the way of my full recovery; though I was free from pain, I remained in a feeb!? state for some time; so that I had to lie down a goodly portion of the time. . In the early part of June a merchant, Amos Davis, brother of Daniel Davis; find Mr. Kimball, brother to the late John Kimball of Salt Lake, arrived from Nauvoo with goods and groceries and the best of wines, liquors etc My mother rented them her diuing room for a store, and boarded them. This was an open-lu- g as unlooked for as if mauna had rained down irom heaven. v was-indulge- y MA 1 -- I BY IIELEN 37: su noosed .that to be. his Ireal name.' 1 His hair was very heavy and nearly ll DiacK, ana nis stun was fair, but .after becoming so thoroughly tanned.no one could Deiieve mm to navo ueen AN AUTUMN SONG. Si EXPONENT. LIBERTY. Respect fnends and fellow citizecs, we have met here to celebrate, in honorable to-da- y remembrancerthenniversary of the day our forefathers entered these valleys, where they expected to worship God according to His will, ha ving; fen the mm ooasts .states 01 this grcac, iree America oi liberty. of the foauders o 4h is ; Men, descendeut3 great country, who trace ;their lineage to the "religious fathers, who came to America for the. cause, ridiculed and frowned down upon because of their desire to perfor.u and inako purer this great Araencaa nauon, wno are becoming more aud more corrupt by their vileness, by those' stantjing "at the head of this nation, who have trampled the Constitution under foot- ; consists of freedom What is liberty? It Latter-dado the and privileges; but, No. Saints have these privileges? Why? is Because they are doibg what right, and being obedient to the holy principles which God hai handed down for us to adhere to. We see, on the Fourth of July, 177G, that the. "Declaration of Independence and Free dom was assigned to this people, and it wai i i ii illnavo noerty. declared that wc should liut, do we enjoy these rights? No; they are crushed and trampled under foot. See the cruel aud unjust laws got out against the Latter-daSaints, trying to destroy all rights, trying to put down the holy ordinances that our God has handed down for us to obey, improving each and every opportunity they have of imprisoning our beloved brothers and sisters, not even allowing them ustice, causing them , to beenTf: anC'j self-sam- e , y it i y -- liom nrijAn ami cnffurlrn jnn tililf punishments which they have no right to do. Still our tVia n n rno brothers and sisters are these unlawful bearing penalties witli patience and humility of heart, and ever trusting in that benevolent Father who commanded these holy principles to be practiced. But shall we falter? No; not under such cowardly laws, which our oppressors assume the right to innict upon us. And 1 would say to all our brothers and sisters, "Bear nobly on, For we have the Lord on our side, and we still look forth to that glorious light which will bring liberty, to all those who remain faithful, and retain their integrity. noble-hearte- d -- Nancy A. Nebeker, Primary Girl. WOMAN'S VOICE. Dear Editor: the machinations of the Notwithstanding evil one, who seiks to annoy, destroy and tear down what God has decreed shall be establishedr wc rejoice in our knowledge of theGosnel. and feel to lay hold' on the prophecy of old, that Zion-- will be redeemed, and those who live near to the Lord can feeT the peace, joy and satisfaction promised to all who serve Him and acknowledge His hand in all things. Though we may be called to pass through deep waters of affliction, still He is near, and that for to bless and sanctify to us our deepest distress. To us it is a great privilege to live and see the hand dealings of God amongst the nations and with His people, for surely the Lord is at work, ami who can stay His hand? not man, with all his imagiuary greatness that quickly vanisheth like a cloud of .smoke, or a ' ; '; puff of wind. Our meetings are well ; attended, and a good" spirit prevails." The sisters are rilled with a spirit of prayer and testimony, and the song of praise ascends to the Most High fronrour gatheriup-3and with one accord: Hrw nlpased and blessed we. We strive to help the 1 and poor needy, the sick and afflicted in our weak way, as the times are hard, and a3 a consequence we are far from being rich, except in the riches of eternity; if we keep the narrow road in that we have boundless riches. Our annual m eeting, on the 4 h o f J u n e, was We were satisfactory and encouraging.. blessed with our Stake President, Sister Libbie -- -. . w-er- e , 1 