WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 74 shot by the same band; of 'assassins, When driven from the homes we had established in Illinois, we ha no disposition to hold the .nation the government ut large nor of our beloved country responsible for those inhuman deeds, nortoallaw the -Mpirit of vengeance,. to'raT&TMffur hearts. We took the first opportunity to exhibit the spirit of true patriotism. While undergoing great hardship on account of being subjected joa pulsory exodus, when called upon" by the government to furnhiiL.a body of men to take part in the war with dated, polygamy. by their acts, withnineU-nth- "probably about -community are punished for alleged offenses for .which responsible, they are- in no waytaken no part. and in which they have is unbiased, that Surely no person who the most casual even drives this subject attention" can characterize such treatment as other than lhgrantly unjust. Tf imc u...n runted that, out oi a Thus of our 1 - t co more or less, from 10,000 to 12,000 are When the Identllied with polygamy F.dmmvdn Ai t was nassed this smaii minority who were deprived by it of the right to vote or hold cilice, voluntarily, without the application of coercion, withdre.v 'from those privileges, notwithstanding the high estimate they, placed upon them. It may well be asked wherein is the Justice of placing the bulk of the people at a disadvantage as well, seeing they have done nothing to furnish an excuse for Ui ranti small minority connected with polygamy are criminals before the law, what Justification Is there, on. that for punishing, as the Edmunds and other acts do, the overwhelming majority? If such doings .were perpetrated in any other connection they would be unsparingly denounced as oppressiv e and tyrannical in the most extreme degree. If one portion of a community are designated as criminal, to hold the other and much the greater portion responsi'blnior such a condition is not only unjust, but decidedly in courts of law and presumed justice. Neither would it be Justifiable on the to entertain toward part of the them, on account of their .departures from their proper line of duty any rancorous or 'vengeful feeling. A spirit of that character is not in unityjvith the genius of the Gospel of peace. All men are in the hands of a just GodT whose mighty, penetrating power Is eanahle of analvzinsr all themotives man actionr-ano-n- e deal and with us and them and will can of all men accordnr .r to tham incioles eternal Instiee Upwards of forty vears ago the Lord revealed to His Church the principle of celestial marriage. The idea of marrying more wives than one - was as naturally abhorent to the leading men and women of the Church at that day as it could be to any people. They shrank with .dread from the hire thought of entering into such relationships; Uutthe command of God was heforetbem in language which no faithful soul dare disobey. "For, behold, I reveal unto you a new and an everlasting covenant; and - Apostles, his disciples, who suffered such ignominious contumely and death, are now designated by the millions of Christendom as "The Apostles of the Lamb of- - God," and churches and cathedrals are called after them, as St. Pot.r sir, John. St. Mark. St. Luke. then the "Christian probetc It wasnow "the Mormon prob-lem- " is it lem;" the same problem, though cane,j was Jesus the bv a different name, ui.-tr ' h"1.? " vcvpn, enemy hat as He told them the truth. evil hath He done?" asked Pilate, the Gentile Judge. No. matter what evil or what good, vociferated the Jews "Crucify him I crucify5 Lira!" What evil have, the "Mormons" done? is asked, and the cry comes back: No matter, no matter, let them be destroyed. By the circulation of endless Blunders and falsehoods concerning us and our marriages, wrath and indignation hay; , been aroused against us in our nation. rne ignorance oi me peopie concern -- 4 V : responded with alacrity, and in, accordance with the call of our country, traversed the great American desert, penetrated to Mexico, and completed an "arduous and hazardous campaign, and Journey to California. You have no doubt read, through the papers, an account of the terrible affair which recently occurred at Rock ing US auuUUrmutniur3-auu-n;!iL'i- ii Springs, in WyomingTritortL-A- Y. have been taken advantage of. Con-stacouIauoTTjeip feel in? a little anxiety attempts have been, and still are : Jest some or our people should have being made to induce tne world to bebeen connected with that bloody riot, lieve are If that our motive in .espousing then not that abide covenant, ye requested JJrother ve damned; lor no one can reject tins patriarchal marriage has been the Cliiff, President of Summit Stake, to of enter to be gross sensuality that gratification covenant, and permitted inquire into the matter. So far as we and belief in our v m irlorv. iuto f have obtained practice of the d jc- information to the pres , trine had its origin in licentiousness, And as perta'ining to the new and 'ever ent, however, we find' that not more is merethan one has been in any way mixed lip lasting covenant, it was instituted for and that thetosanction of religion the fulness of my glory; and he that ly invoked furnish greater license.for with that matter, and he a person .of We are nleased to doubtful Ktiihdin-'receiveth a fulness thereof, must and the indulgence of base passions and learn of this, because we cannot asshall, abide the law, or he shall be devouring lust. This, as you know, is the exact antipodes of the truths IJOt sociate with' any deeds so revolting damned, saith the Lord God." and inhumanrand we take this opporDamnation was the awful penalty knovr howteTtr-- " tunity to express our opinion on thi absurd if i x ed- - to-- r e f u sal - to obey t his la wri Those of thera-wh- o are enner so are tnese an doctrine cuarges became numuer iaise have It this Hit 0.1IMt,.. lUill Statements upon acknowledged subject ouujvtirW of secret .societies are being formed been made to the? Chief Executive of "of the Church; it was imiissolubly in- cowed down by a ilercc public opinion w ith which wc cannot aIiliate.. Such the nation, in the form of a protest and terwoven in the minds of its members that thev dare not speak, or if they organizations are generally inimical to petition for redress .of grievances, with, their hopes of : eternal salvation have thi courage to speaK are aimosi law, to good order, and m many in- knowing that have and exaltation in the presence of God. unheard amid the noisy clamor against-us- . stances subversive of the rights of taken the placemisrepresentations Thousands upon thousands of of impartial scrutiny For nearly twenty years this continued man. We cannot amalgamate with of the question with which the ts to be nir faith and practice. Then a honest people in this and other na- -. are very them. law was enacted against it. Another tions, whose voices7did they know the spoken ar; associated, the .. - . I t it They.L U 4i M i distinctly IKlPmnn-TTSI Uilll a general" misapprehen- twenty years elapsed, and the Edbeihg truth, would be raised in our' favor, among the calamities which should af- - sion of the community and their af munds law was passed. .Nearly forty are deceived by these lies and are arn ct the- neon - x - ctfairs, we presumed that Mr. Cleveland years had thus elapsed from the" tirst rayed against us. This persecution, if V e are ii i. tiw. r.-ih expressly commanded, and it i w-- j not. :ifm-ihit-revelation of this doctrine, during it serve no other purpose, will do our uuiy, 10 upnom and sus- tion. "An opportunity was thus sought which period thousands had lived and good in this direction, ft brings home tain every law of the land which is con to acquaint him A i:h the facts. The died, firmly believing and solemnly to the hearts of the people, as no prostitutional ; we have always had a slron very reasonable desire was expressed testifying-thait was divine. At' great testations or arguments of ours ever vj "t.int nuwj iuv!4. aim 10 mace in this connection that a commission sacrifice they had obeved it, and based could do, that there is somethipg more ourselves iu harmony with all the in- of inquiry be appointed, that" the truth their hopes of eternal felicity upon the in this doctrine and practice than they stitutions of the country. and be given to ihe na- - promises which the revela'tion con-tiohave been led to believe. Reflecting might appear We repeat that we desire that all Was it too much to. expect that tained. They never dreamed that they people will see tnat there must be a. men imould be aware of the fact that this action, by a represen- - had not a constitutional right to obey greafrprinciple involved in this, or men we have been the upholders of the tation of supported meet God, especially when in obeying Him and women would not be willing to 'juu.ooo people-woul- d Constitution and laws enacted in pur- with some favoraole response, which they . en- - suffer fines, bonds and imprisonment suance of that sacred instrument: tnus rar has not, however, been made.' croachdid nottheinterfere ofwith nor as thev do. human upon any rights We still entertain the same 'patriotic Vet it would be unfair to attribute the man or woman. It never either Is there any necessity lor lustful being, disposition, and prooosc to continue delay of the President eithertoiudjL-lcnterecUnto4he4r4nindmen and women in this age and nation for stippose actmg in to refuse to a moment that man had a right, after i martyrdom to gratiiy their iMeiiner nave we any ties're to come in accord justice lisposuion to a people whose liberGod had given a law to His Church for passions? Whoever heard of a people active conflict even with statutes that ties are being trampled upon to 11 ex- its sanation ami exaltation, to enact a preferring imprisonment and all manwe deem opposed to the Constitution tent that is almost human endur- counter law forbidding, under severe ner of cruel treatment for the indulgboth in letter and spirit. Whatever ance. It is still past that he will man's Obediehcetq God's ence of appetites which they could hoped opposition has been offered in that line-has- take som.ecojisislejit and humane- penalties, Who ctratoo-ppwlaw; that any gratify to the fullest extent in popular tr-n been on t suci rin r tie action in the premises. In alluding to man, in this land of religious liberty, especially when the judges upon is Justiflcrl by the usages and custhe delay in granting a response to the would presume to say to his fellow-ma- n ways, the the bench, attorneys toms of this and all other civilized j made to the President, no right to take such at the bar, the prosecuting he had that representations who; bring in juries inand as such the laws and j we must not countries, the extensive and steps as bethought necessary to escape verdicts, point out the way in which forget stuutions ol this nation provide. Nor ; arduous character of the duties Mle- -; damnation! Or that Congress would marriage obligations can be discarded have we .thelcat desire to shun tin' volving upon him, as the head of the enact a law which would present the and sensuality be gratified without consequences of our acts in their rela- admrriistralion of a great government. alternative to believers of risk or without, rmnishmcnf? Thn tionship to the laws to --which we refer, He mention this that you may not be oeing Consigned religious CO a DCnitentiarv 1f nress and ertflrinn r.iilnitJiili-providing there we re any assurance disposed to be too ccnsorioiis. in n-- . a iawli f tne advice. Ihe universal voice is: ttrd irrrr garinxT the actions of men in high WMnrntitttrtternpirrxrobev thaLourc,ics wouM ttt God which would deliv er them from Put away your wives, cease to fair and Just adjudication.' Events of places who have the power to redress damnation! Or that, under a plea of them and their children: be. as support the past few months give no ground our grievances. And even when we ice are. a certain form of civiliza . . maintaining and t. need be not for hope under that you bonds, such treatment iiei uiui put we are wronged, it is proper tion, ood's Would be accorded. It must be conauthority to direct His be fined or be incarcerated in prison." 101us 10 ioiio.v the example ot our people from the abomiFoul desire opens wide her arms and tended, however, that, as .stated else- Lord and Master, ami hay: "Father, nable how to escape and evils which are invites all to her lecherous embrace by corruptions where, connected with this' disposition forgive them, thev.inow not what thev eating out the vitals of man's much easier paths than honorable marriage to have our ..conduct passed upon as do." vaunted be disand the begetting of numerous chilprovided by law administered iu the once more to the situation puted andcivilization, should What Keferring of is dren to be carefully trained and eduutterly rejected! genius justice, there never can be in a more local sense, we are not this "Mormon" problem, cated and made respectable and useany hope of our yielding up, binder any to the anomalous position in and why should it, disturb the people? ful citizens. a circumstances, principle, of consci- which the" Federal judicial officers It is an entious or religious convk tiou. Wen, religion. But so Will the world see this? Every man in dealing with a subject which was thatunpopular of - the ancient - Prophets who to make such a surrender our conJVC goes to. prison for his religion, to occupy a large share of Jesus told the Jews that duct in that respect would not be in appears they garnished who. for love of truth every attention. While it is popular the tombs of the dead Prophets; but and thewoman harmony with the guaranties of the sible for them to escape imposhusband to whom she is bound Constitution, which we are iu duty nounced exceptions being takenpro-to killed the living ones. They- crucified for time and eternity,submits to bonds and were almost' as unanimous and bound to uphold. their qflicial course, on account Jesus imprisonment, bears a powerful in their In order to place our people at a dis- of cry to crucify Him, as the peo- .testimony ity to its harshness, undue; rigor, and ple and rulers concerning of the United States are advantage, and to crush out their of resthe views thev entertain discrimination in unjust adminissystem, the Constitution nestroy the "Mormons." has tering the laws, they are entitled to rn,"' us and our religion. If such 1 hey 7.,? t .. . lll''Il Virillltti.'t ion .1 i,...t.killed all of His Apostles except pecting noble some and as men heroic consideration, instilled hv well one, and he does not require anv depth of legal understood banished to wbik as a and women are nowsacrifices jgjis called Hatcircumstances. The npon to s ave on the isle of Patmos. learning to nudersiand what is meant ter-da- y Is said raake for their It are Saints Federal the of by religion objects ponu by a religious test, which is forbidden III. they cast bin iuto t.. .. . . . of boiling Courts do not teach the world the . MM. loi ueir i lussiiiutions appear but he the uuiuuj was oil, not by "Mipreniu law of the laud " to be greatly disliked. The officers and if the truth concerning us, then woe to the are Scriptures are true, killed; laws bave let he still -pascd doubtless applicable lives, for world, for nothing but the wrath of infiuenced bv the. eneral he. was to to a wide scrtjui) ,. itils nortiiwefitprn cTaihOr till the coming of the Almighty tarry for. the God will reach it. of hcroi savior. We receive as application rr :u; r and country, intlirtin" word treatment the of to We the with all Saints in invoking Join Thev Saint. a.' tof j pollti. y,y,m have doubtless been icdunced tiod, ana so do millin;i-- of thn ii noble men , and .upon blessings V'1, without trz tr to thirarts Thp family, the writings and testimony of women who haretheexhibited oiuvueirree their. in- -. oy persona! prejudice an ;n, i tt':,! Tut inn hoe imcii.'C the.. Pjonhets u !.( vecro '.i.it n tuuuu-w- u tnese con. published br the millions tegrity toTJod and His cause, and be- of to baIaQC-religito copies 0at ous by submitting ;l?f lief.amlthenuansofipphciuon is a vSSS th ,thr0wn and sent to the of the bonds and principle rather than imprisonment sustained earth, by the veryvarious nations te,t. people who would deny their faith or break their coveair allowance constitutional it. face ThU ami Hani l u us- Jess. who nants. If were needed to wa3 crucified ?e8try between two thieves, is show to the anything world that our marriages now worshiped by millions in Chriscannot be reduced to the level of the tendom a the Son of God, the practices to wnich our detainers ci the world. The Twelve vile '"' would drag them down, their heroic ' " . uch-treatui- ng-that-- the cnt? ac-cou- nnd-immcdia- tely ' nt, 1 nt Ur Latter-day-Sain- -c- . J L- - T 1 m ou'se--qiiences : S I - i i n-- i s ! t j i n. . j j j j to to-suffe- r i. -- c 1 v--of r ; ' i : U le-smn- j . 9 . - I obli-?.vio- us so-calle- d, arc-place- d - - . .the-wor- re-iglo- ld the-fals- us 1 ix-c- I ; -: j 1 pr ; 1.1 ih tlicir-devotio- Iti-scoKJe- lla'.e Ke-deem- - er 