wea and te left free to establish the Kingdom tie earth. at God upon ' , The look contains many historical and philosophical facts with which every individual, who cJf '.Is interested In thetar J. E. Taylok. Dixie, March 11,1535. nanorit Clnnfarenea of. tha-. Church will be held this year in Logan, Instead of Bait Lake Is the fcecond time cnly that the City. This General Conference has not convened here." -- --- t. Gecrte Instance' was In Th other ' 1877. - V:, ; . -- - PRE3I DENT" C LEVEL A.N D'371NAUGU-rS r a tta r i j3 ,J.. ; are very important mavwrn, ana iue No one can read it without realizing the truths it conveys, and especialof Z Ion and mothers In ly should the daughters Israel take heed to the wise counsel herein forcibly handled. ." given. Several articles which have been received, uih nvflr fnr the next i.sue. Reports of Bnow- conferences from OgdeD, St. George and -- Correspondence and an article from of Peace, by the pen of E H. B , and A Reign in M. E JKlimbal', all accsptabie and will apptar good tjme. r of the Supreme Court of the Tub decision United States in the cases of Mary Ann Pratt and Mildred Randall, determined some points decided that the Commissionars had previously and thus it will be sg.Inst in their own way; in seen that the votes of many wldows, citizens their their own right, cannot be challenged, and sh 11 names may be registered when the time ladies come round for registration again. These and we should avail themselves of the privilege, trust will consider it a duty, and not lose the opto exercle the portunity now open to them gift of franchise. Bister WE had the pleasure, In company with As- ' E S Taylor, of viBlting the Young Ladles' sc'olatlon in the Sixteenth Ward. Miss Emma respect a Finch, the President, seems in everya for snch responei. capable and efficient person one of ble position. We were gratified to hear the young ladies offer the first prayer. Judging seems to t from appearances the Association attend- in a good condition, and to have a good ance of intelligent young glrla. After the Mits Finch made gramme had been rendertd, .f .nri timatv remarks, and was Kesler followed by the visiting sisters. Bishop pronounced the benediction. flafce; also r ob-tai- n : mourn." President My sincere desire Is, that- - not only Cleveland, but also the Senate and Representatives of Congress, will heed and seek the spirit of inspiration, by which the Bible was written. contraToo many throw It aside as a mass of but dictions, because they have no other spirit re that of the world to read it by. Those who the one will most assuredly deny the other, so much in the because they pride themselves and forget powers of mind which they poasesa, with the kind Providence who endowed them this power, and who will call them home shortly time to cWe u ccunt of bow th.y spent their In this school, or prooauon,..- - uut uito call it. Do tney oeneye with all the na- be turned Into hell, or maUone tions who forgefGoii? . of Benjamin Franklin, the History In reading to God, we learn that he recommends prayermom perwho will assist to settle all questions bec-u- .e are wise Senators, fectly. Buch men U not But you a God miss our destinie,. same course, and are we the pursuing Congrsees when we crush plural marriage . . ig-no- .1 QU AllTERLY CONFERENCE. Belief Society Quarterly Conference,8altLtke Assem-was held in the Fourteenth Ward Mrs. M. Friday, March 20tb, 1885, Counselors, EU Iaabella Home presiding. Her were mlni S. Taylor and Helen M. Whitney, usual After the bath present in the morning. of mmute. of openlng.exercUes and readingwere read from p;eviousXConrerence, reports In a branches, showing all to be thirty-seve- n ..Bm nroDerou8 condition.' L , lety HornegavecounseltotheBelief to.be them in regard to their duties, and urged of the poor, take care energetic and persevering; and heed the distreisedlleviate sorrow The commandment, cf God. Advised the .is-- e to gWe to the DmretjpUal, i iugehasbeenasevemtes, --- in a Saint and wno-- isnoi, Brlptur.te.l.a.tpeople-- I Pre-- t. I will answer: Plura thegland. -t- ... e- xhr"Ynti ua- tried . - will remember ZjL. 3 p-r- ea. nun - rri xne iuoua.1 w y . J ahall be In you." b.-.w.- -,, ,plrlt, we -- - ; , -i-f . er,forit-e.Itow- -w- huhaok cannot cnena e, . '. puuiiaue..... to mem, an edition uaned u wanBierrea -- .Anttime itshouia .i.-r-vi iiye nunareu. At that kim every iiuubbuuiu ' rfalntr. . . they , n may have the opinion and testimony . . .... . m ua nl:htedea ne nigtiest intelligence j. " . a princinnon i -- rv "laeieenin cenmry ior reicic-pie which now Involves bo much, la the preseu - . Pi- th.t w. bom a W , in -ui ; ; tm.. tfwTd. ; so-eie-ty 8h..po-- e ... viui---- -t- -- r- there. by .Ape-gln. upon ch.ri.y and f.rg ,n.. the principle of one another, acd upon fnLenoe aJjoa.n.d until XZ 2 p.m. Singing, etc. BenedlcUon b. Bach.. u.uai aeMlm Optned wlth the addr...ed by when th. meeting wm "wurnoon . , re- - Made other good remark.. tb, Ingly wa learn on"udesigned waanoy o( characterP We mn" even that of our Sartor, "riaw, b the to keep wbich win w.ng -lhl gMd apirlt one ., ; . the became wieu totruollon. Riiter Mary "'i,UttMrved tbeilr.t . ; tofZ ; now . -. T, ' tbia good nUm we.HD0B8.M.d :;. . MMMion of ; ;r..erlfiM.. ...,., lv 29, ,H. tba. wa. born a to know, SoPanl ought ng WthfuUr, bafore . . p'"u,J h. tnii tb. Comfort. " ". ound. w thi, .pint, i- : -- -- o" nf us have y thla B1UIB WoH . the meat delicate or Bensltive stuitn of human . v,.iawa of cause ana or enquirer- ia wrHtea Sect. It Is a work of 274 pges, and . . moral tone. i iffh. . . 'o- m a purely conscientious ... rrw copyright hart the uo la.e - v.w. " ua-ar- am not tne - correct -nr -r r-- one cf7 her not convenient for the President, possible, that they Ltructions given for their benefl and help. roun H. M. Whitney addressed the meeting. bt- -. . ubnce from the meetings but her desire to her recent do ber part; referred thiUo the Tooele Conference, in comtiinj..wlth .nokeof some ln vnn. -- -, ftnd 9nmtk uu Now allow me to ien had the . and comprehending of which he has so and practices written. ' w .,nfwW1 7. She also urged it was expected each branch tend that should be represented In the Conerence;lf " onH ,ino- -- ikuui ?r-because it seem n, uwe nt but ye know him,ror ho. navine uccn resided for many iuiu .f yearsaoroaa m aDiy mu r.AtYl I I1K u.ni the subjects hv xK.frfrcmyt remembering ' .hat be no waste. there should . . . . .i sccretarles to ia oftruth,who Inst miblished the Philosophy of third edition "History .and -r wy xr I TATT- l-7Marrisge, or Polygamy ana MUUU; nn vy. tt I.iAlIj wt. of . ,IDin?rW-- God had made every ec.uwtujr -- t Jus. E. Kimball. M. March 12, 1885. . nt - ..in was pleased and gratified with President Cleveland's Inaugural This I can Address (with only one exceptlun well understand, having looked upon the subject in the same way myself at one time), and especially the reverence he manifests to his parent, and also to tho sacre l volume upon which he look his oath of office. I always feel to honor and respect a person who will be controlled by -tne ruleB given m ma. -- aureu vuiuu. con Aden Ci, if they are governed by those laws, This book they will make rlgateoi3 rulers. tells us "When the wicked rule the people ' ; . I must say, for one, that I e uijrui-Br- T --i . XT The article on Fashion, Folly," Wisdom, occu- in this iesne. Theee DlhelBdii6Tiai Lil , people. J)ld not the Lord aay, "Gather .my people together, thosewho have made a covenant with me.byaacrle, flcetForrWnat purpose was vu. peace upon the earth. reignof " This is to be our Sivioi'a mission when He Thiira mast be a people prepared to meet IllmZ Who will ba prepared If there we none who strictly obey ills laws? Are tho whole world becoming infl ieb? D, none of the churches of Christendom believe in the Savior's of peace on the rules, which will bring a reign we earth? Must we be always afflicted, because self do believe this and are trying to govern under all circumstances, according to the laws and earth. Th Is given by the Lord of heaven must eventually produce a reign of peace, while rule those who do not apply their minds to this wise cannot expect peace, or the smile of an all ' high-e- r Providence. This may well be called the to reach it; law-- 8o high that only a few try but those who do findby its precepts they the spirit which gives them more nobility of character ihsn they could otherwise possess. a Much may be said upon this subject, but e notcounten-anchint to the wise is sufficient. I do to God, infidelity. Let us have fidelity w u" fidelity to our parent?, ana ai.o at bear rule in righteousnees, and no infidelity all. These are my sentiments- -a few simple fac4.8 clven in simplicity. ' In April -- ftSSm selfacrificmg H It is reason Intelligently upon vital subjects necessary to be well armed with powerful arguments, facts and figures. Every library thould contain one of these books. Price, ?1, for eale at Jos. Hyrum Parry's book store, Main Street, : opposite Z. C M. I- - EDITORIAL NOTEi 11113 U&f$r &Z$7 r po88lCnd '"'fe-4'.- f DO dtXlU . . , far as .clrcumstan- .. ces will permit, to one who. Is Ignorant of the see, bit fira '; aame, hoping that same If Ml extrcu", : connaelor E. B. Taylor. , -' '.'.y' 