tt l V A , "' " " The Eights of tho Wfen J " ,.i of Zion, and the EiKLts of the Women cf all SALT LAKE- CITY, UT All, JANUARY 1, - A REVERIE; UT ; - n l hose group oi people wtre gatliered one in-airmail vilhirA'nr ilvo hrookside, evidently uitli ascriou purpose in aWiu4. ( cold churches, the3 village school and-posmaster,-- : the leader of the choir and ethers, with two Morrison- ra isjionaakaa-4ea-Ker.'ff om"'" l - an adjoining town, who was kell known in that vicinity and jto the tojspeop rrlhati)Ccasionr: The sireain was frozen over, and two workmen were busy making. a place large enough for the ordinance of baptism by. immersion, to be performed there. Meantime ..lbe4jeo pi g4i ad ro wd ed i ng ellreTmTTulFk n o ts . to talk of the c.vTnt, fur lormonism was a new thing in those j arts, and it was creating some excitement. At first the conversation was very low, but bye and bye one might have heard some such s ejaculations as. "these; "What fools these are to believe in 'Joe Smith " "lie was only a money digger." "Not much of a prophet; I should think he's very ignorant, iaa rick education whatever." "Come from the back! - - Mor-mon- 1 woods." One and another of the villagers gave an opinion of Jos ph Smith and the new religion, while the Mormon Elders conversed apart very solemnly, it appeared, and these who had come to receive the ordinance of baptism; waited shivering and nervous with' expectancy.' In the midst of it all a carriage drove up with a span of fine horses, and there alighted from it a middle nged lady and gentleman and a beautiful voting girl about eighteen, but, standing holding to her father's arm it was soon observable she was lame, and the driver reached from the carriage a pair cf crutches. The attention of all was quickly directed towards this young lady. No one there seemed to know who she was, as she had come from a neighbor--- Look abroad desolation reigns around, ' The sun himself looks cold and cheerless, Tho ever bubbling 6trcam in frost locked up; , ' human plants that sleep beneath tho sod Shall they not rise beneath tLe smile of God An nature wake to renovated life,: ! And all mankind lie dead forever more? Shall goodness perish In the dark, cold grave, And wisdom bo dissolved amid the L Aud shall tears be shed o'er Euch iadust, Tain? . ; ' -' J 4 Heir of Immortality, lift thine eyes. to open the prison doors To gather from tho fonr winds of heaven His redeemed redeemed ones'. eternally Thousands of angels are on His right hind; Ho is the friend of tho good, 8avior Of sus, the Son of God. One cometh I all-Je- ntawJiiijd--it--was-- w liispemlWulTon e to another, if she is here to be baitised jn that o after some frozen stream it will kill her. further consultation among, the little knots of lookers on, one of the "gentlemen crossed over to the other side, where the carriage had stopped, and said to the elder lady, "Is the lame girL going into the water "Yes, is she sir!" vcrT emphatically. "Well, your allow to and dare her iuu such you daughter, a risk?" "She is my daughter, and I am not afraid, fbr she is going to be baptized for. the remission of her sins." "Madame, you will, excuse me, J tiust. but ycu deliberately take your daughter's life in. your hands; 1 have warned you, but I do not think this will be the for I have no doubt serious end of ' I am wilbng to consequences will follow." of her hands leave her in the Heavenly Father , and He doeth all things well," replied the. lady. By this time, the opening in the stream was ready, and the audience assembled .were eage r to see what was really to transpire. J'ut on this occasion there was another scene ht ing ni- acted privately, whici concerns r one of the -- - to-da- y . -- the-afiai- r, No. 15. ;for she knew;- - that when she did wasjthe jacrificeLlofLljeassocmticm-There were two p jfainieryouligompaniiins. powerful influences at work with this young girl, one was iung)icLiorwnr4--4t)-htLmilfe- " -- herself aiitrgblu to the waters of baptism, and the other alluring her to ibllowitc fashion and :i society-- f jhcworhLZIiShe- - was very; proud -and her father was wealthy, but he was a noble hearted man and had said' to his daughter, .: "3Iy child, you nnit act for yourself in ..this matter, religion issimkihing-- 1 have-nev- er troubled an'ouf,"'. ".The mother was indifferent; she neitner discouraged nor encouraged her, father or mother w ere present at andjuithcr . timr-this Sl.se hesitate d and was in doubt when she saw one after another go down into the ice cold wathr, and finally walked away, followed by her young friend in whom she had reposed her girlish confidence, and entreated her never to tell the secret she had confided to her keeping. lATier seven people had "been baptized by the Elder officiating, the lame girl walked into tie water. She threw down her crutches at the water's edgf, and when she came forth from the water to begin a new life, she did not take them up again, "and she nevt r needed them afterwards. The. crowd dispersed, some of thcmlecIariDg, "it was a sham. " "Done for -- eiTtcl.'' "A put up job, to make believe? the Mormons could do miracle?,'' and' so on; but soon the truth spread far and wide that Miss had been, healed of her lameness by the T Mormons, after the doctors had -- given her up and said she would have to walk with crutches all the rest of her life. it was a miracle, and jeopIc cmihc from far and near to inquire concerning the 'matter. It of the power of God in was a - ! ; " , . . Ji.calm bear f estim'nny. Sarah witnessed this but h grew hard and she determined not to submit to the indignities and slurs (hat those re- .v Behold the insect that builds Itself a tomb And long lays shrouded in its silken cone,,; Without feet, or shape, or power to move; Look again! it has buret its silent tomb, " It is fall of life, and sails through the air Rejoicing in Its renovated being. Shall life to all creation be nncwed, And God's own image, potentates of earth, Bearing ou their brow the stamp of sovrvigoty, Shall they be left forgotten in the grave? Reason, analogy and common sense Declare, "tho fool" alone eun say, "No God." . . - lions, be baptized so i,L : - " The wdrabrniW.' t , . ' ffi rk1 'And" leTns enter that mysterious ' Chamber-rBtyl- ed 1n mother tongue, the human heart. TMs flight of time, why should It make us sad? 7r Toat which is Inscrutable 'tis, wise to tear; 'Tis but the programme of the stage of life, On which each moxtaXJh.alsliLplayfiFtp- "Chosen, or selected, as the case may bo, But an j way involving destiny, Destiny that ends in immortality ! Here in 'our closet, with the portal shiyt, Jxit us, my better si If, this theme pursue: This, grandest 6tody of a human life Wc look abroad, see the earth is hidden s In its shrondof snow, all creation dead, And also par beloved and treasured dead ! O'er whom the sad "red eye" of weeping lovo Has been in our bereavement bent. Hush! wait! be passive, cheer thy drooping soul; few brief months and 3ol again will rise-Bringing warmth and brightness and rencwinglifo On all that now lies dead before our eyes; Earth will "arise and shine" to meet her Lord, Arrayed in all her gorgeous robes of cy'ry Huo and tint, surmounted by her floral crown, , And onco again life will eject the dead. read"A Kevcrie" in the Expon- perhaps be interested in therlittle cTrcuinstance related here, of one of the number who separated after school days were over, each one to go her own way. The old maid, who still resides-in'NeEih . Nature beautiful nature, child of God, Mourns as though desolate and forsaken, As though her Father had forgotten her, And left her in tho cold embrace of death. who ' "lj ..,..,.,1 young ladies waiting there for baptism. She naci ueen taiKing.to one ot tier young iriends that morning, confidentally, and : through her advice had decided to be" baptized that very morning. One of her sisters was already a member of the little branch of, the Church in r. that vicinity, and also an aun t xtntl cousin. She had confessed again and again that she knew Mormcmsm Was true, but sire coupcarcelyV subdue her pride sulliciently to go forward and N; ent of DccJotjijviJl " A QFjniE-SEVE- - 18,85 HANNAH T. K1XG. TiiC.dock strikes twelve. - It Is the noon of night ! Another year augments the eternal pile " the round of lime Another cycle-iAnother year the denizens of earth Approach sljji Jirarer to their terni of life, Earth life and. all its. sublunary joys, "'"Its pomp and vanities, its loving and belovqd. "BoleTnlTIs this noiseless, ceaseless, 'stealthy,' Yet cvjr Mire approaching foot of tl nn Oh, Fpcck of time I Oh, littladay of life ! Daily wc walk, our hand in hand with death; Stealing hearts and brains ftllianccd unto us OL parents, children, brother eisters, Mend's, lYeccding us to the eternal goal, t Leaving us stranded like an o'erwbt Iru'dwrcik. 'Uut como my other self my better sctf f " - ONE , ., ceived who obeyed the Gospel, and so the turned away and became darkened in her mind and very unhappy. But this is not all I want to tell you. She'was in love; and with one of the Mormon missionaries, and Jhis was her secret, which; she had confided to her young ' - friend She knew' the Gospel was tfue, but she I el tit was more than she had e urage to Jf endure: to come out from the work! alone. h.vved had (iflercd to liP ulicin she so f j fitly fchare her fate, --or hadsaid, hencefortlrl will .' be your protecior, lean upe.n me, she would have ventured, but alone the could not, or so ; she expressed herself to her young fiiend. It is often the case with those .who havenot courage to stand alcne, that they lose the very blessing they desire most to obtain. So it wa3 witb Sarah. There is no. doubt but if she had on that'day obeyed the call, the voice of identified her interests , the Spirit unloher,"and witb the Latter day Saints she would; eventushe so intensely ally have married the man -loved, and would have had sons amj daughters - - . 