rv she had a few friend- to e..lebrate.hr hrt u awancl ttie afternoon was spent in a very in bles.-dnher, eto.yThh happy manner g Cuwcnjoy ho, thesainw r i h de r" t d iwisL4 it. ?v"Swtr Eliza called in the evening to in-- ; vile me to a little party, and when I told her it was my birthday and wished her to bless me, the said if I would go to the party they all would bless me. After going and attending one of the sisters who had a child born, I went to" the party and had a good time einging,pray-- " : an1 snpflkinrr in f nnirmps hut hpfnro fKo party broke up I was called away to attend Sis- c I not well. Friday,-5thv. she ftisfpr Joanna "Round jj ney'e, who was jt vv , and keeping a fire burning, as, he before the winter was; out it would oe a veryicaree art6tefxlTe had previously learned that the Potto watomie agent had bid us to cut any more timber on the other side of the river. lie wrote: Friday, the 27th. This evening Brother E. Benson got back - from the eastern country, where he has been on business. I learned that a brother who went with him, and who hadU-r- some reuciary' expectations from some of hi3 friends, was taken up for insanity, beca'use he, TJelonged to the ."Mortons," and in order to him out of his property' "cheat ' v ,';' Meeting "Sunday, the 20th wa3 held at the stand, at which it was determined that every man should immediately turn, out and assist in making the race way, in order that the mill may be finished speedily. Brother Kimball called his family together for flip purpose of giving them good austruc- tion." The 1st of December there came quite a change in the weather the wind blowing from the north. That day Horace mentions being at work with some of father's boys, laying tip the logs to Brother Wallace's house. A day or two later they were erigaged up another house for Sister Mijler, nqw Sister Finch, whose husband had died a short time the-poo- x ; R S., Y. L. M. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS the last time I would ever see her in this world, Owing to our isolated situation we see but few communications from this .part of the country in your valuable paper, hence the liberty I take in penning a few lines to you, hoping you will bo kind enough to give them space in your paper.. iVe were organized May 31st, 1883, under . '- I gave her a message to carry to my children who had died in their infancy and childhood. In the evening I went to the party of the 'Silver Greys,' Sister Eliza went with us. Sister Joanna Roundy died this evening. Saturday, Oth, attended to my household work and made a quantity of soap. Sister Whitney sent for nie again, I went to wait upon her, she had a " son born at eleven o'clock p.m.', ,x This son was the little boy thatf many of our readers, will remember, a little sufferer all the nine years of days of his life, wholivod ae and never walked. Sister Whitney called him "a child of promise," in answer to her fulness of the prayers to have a son born in the new and everlasting covenant. to-b- e the direction of President McDonald, with Anna Klienman; President; Henrietta, Stand-ag- e and Laureta Staples, Counselors; Sarah "':M. Mullens, Secretary; Sophronia A, Standage, ' . names enTreasurer. We have, thirty-uy- e rolled, with an average attendance of nineteen. and have We hold our meetings a very good time. The sisters are trying to do all they can in helping to roll on. this great work; they are ever willing to lend a helping hand to those that are in want or distress, and have a desire to do all the good they can, but owing to thedisadvantage9 andf pioneer lile of the people, we have been unable to do as much t .1 1.1.-... lli aio(iii r n f ninny' i ,1 -- to live theiOeligicaml servo GikI-.- The Exponent is read in our meetings, with other Uhurch works, striving to render them a source of benefit and mutual .improvement. , Wishing for the success of the Exponent,I remain, Your sister in the Gospel, ' b. A. to. semi-monthl- in-putti- previous. On the 7th; Abigail Pond, a wife ofBishop sisters had died wo r Whitney a day or two before. They had lately arrived from Nauvoo, and.were .still living-i- n tents.T" TTaTngomraenced at the store that day. "Wednesday, the 9th," Horace wrote, "warm This morning, early, day for. the season. - . 's,ied.T SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT WINTER QUARTERS. . . ' . of-he- . . BYTIELEN MAR WHITNEY. Continued.') The same date Horace- wrote, "Thi3 evening Porter arrived,bringlng Emmeline's sisters and brother.their mother having died on the way." Emmeline, the present editor of the Exponent, was then the wife of Bishop Whitney, and her little sisters and brother were received and cared for, as were other members of his Emfamily being under the charge of Sister meline at'cl Mother Whitney. - -- lhls "Saturday, the 21st. evening Brothers Egan, Stephons and Gulley came in- from the army. Brother Egan inSanta Fpe, formed me that jheyJiad been-t- o nd tlmf. most, of the brethren in the army had cone from there to California. These brethren. - ine bact lor counsel. came same uay ;v number of teams came in from St. Joseph with goods. Thp . . - next.dav.SandawBrother-Wooller- nf Meeting was held at the stand. The main subject was the sending off of a lot of men in the spring, also a few families, and the remainder to stay at Winter Quarters. The' evening of the 24th Horace says: "Brothers Kimball and Brighara met with two men (mountaineers) from the Salt Lakes,where they They have been settled for sixteen years. account an narrated their adventures and gave of the climate, etc , which was quite interest- - "rived; learned that during last night a party of Indians came from the other side of the river, which they crossed on the ice, and attacked a small party of the Omaha ws, who are encamped neaVus, and severely, if not mortally wounded two or three of their number, viz., "Big Head," the chief. of the nation, and' his with the squaw. Mary, an Was com- who the Iowas Omahaws, says that it mitted the outrage. The Omahawsjieing very much frightened, to day moved theirencamp-men- t and pitched, their tents near BrighWs house on Main Street.The two invaljdswerl taken to his house to have their wounds dressed. and "Big Head" was: shot through the head is which arm; his wife through the arm only, considerably mutilated, and I understood that it was the intention to have it amputated. On the eveuingptJhe,fplIowing,Saturday " lheTndiansr"liad a great ;;ov; wow among them, screeching and yelling in a horrible manner, on account of their having just received the warintelligence that a large number of their a riors, who went on the hunting expedition short time since, had been killed off by the Indian-interpret- .Sioux." weather Tl CHUJV Anvr !n cnpnkinp J" n 0 f the . ills he said, "There seems to b3 a particular disfor alposition of Providence in our behalf, though we have had several cold, frosty nights., the weather'has been remarkably mild for win-ter, and we have not, as yet, experienced thes first snow storm, as is usual in other coun-trie- " ; fine day, meeting Sunday, the 13th, .oeing a was held at the stand. Brother Luke Jolunon He had just comeon had was present. buried his wif at St. Joseph. There was old Kirtland quite a rejoicing among the them toaints, to see Bro- - Luke Johnson among father's house. again. He stayed one night at was living His sister, Marinda Hyde, who him. river, came there with On the 14th Horace wrote,"Bngham, Heber, E Benson, Father Cahoon and IwEldredge miles to the went down the river about eight to trad., to make arplace where Sarpee used of houses for the rangements for the building Omaha as; that being deemed a properso place well for them to settle themselves- -it is nature, that they can discern tho fortified at some distance. approach of an enemy br Minutes of a Primary Conference, held at the east school house, the Primary Association of West Harrisvilie meeting with us, commencing at 1 o'clock p.m., Prest. Mary E. Taylor presiding. Singing, "In our LovelyDpspro.t " Praver bv Bro. L. J. Taylor. Singing. M i n u tes of previous meeting reatTand " " e approved. The President made the opening remarks, and gave some very good ' instructions. She s, was then followed by the children, dialogues, recitations and select reamng, wjiicn tatso3(nvlicnvere present a was There goodly? number iof the. parents " i re i present, who seemeu very mucn pieaseu w mi the exercises of the Primary children. Prest. .Harriet Daybell felt phased with the children of the Association; thought they manifested great interest in their meetings. L. YVra. with-song- . " ' . on-th- . IIAERI3 VILLE. er " ins:. The night of the 24th he speaks of experiseason. encing the heaviest frost of the The next day he wrote: "Most of us viz., Howard Egan, John Davenport, Dan Davis, Jacob Frazier and myself, engaged in cutting . . . Editor Exponent: ' - ;" alma. ward, mesa city. , went r, ,t ' paid it was - -- s ''Sunday, the '20th," he eayg, "meeting was held at Bro. Kimbail'ij hbuse. Bro. Joseph Nobles, the'J&hop" of tha wanlr presiding, at which arrangements were made to relievo. and for establishing a school, fct" Friday, the 2oth, was a most beautiful day, and being Christmas, at evening we had a little party at father's, whichwas very enjoyable and passed off finely, imifm elvr I y ng- ci rcdmaV1rdrWieu - ' and drawing wood from the bottom close by. Brother Kimball cautioned the folks thh even- - Rawsou, The speakers were Coun. Jane N. L. Shurtliff, T. Brown. J. Tavlor, 1! 'At T l! T...tnn ITnr.nfn.icl OOlll T liawson, ijyuia xuurtiu,ijuviiia ucwau, y one made some very appropriate remarks, encouraging the children in well doing; thought it a great privilege for the children in these days to have a meeting wnere mey cau uo( taught tne principles oi- - in.o vjubjjci. aho remarked that we should be thankful for our comfortabje homes,when there are so many out in the w rid without homes such' as we have We s uld live prayerful, and pray for each other; th . Lord will Hear your prayers parent's. You just a3 quick a3 lie will your should honor your fathers and mothers and be kind to every one. There were many other good instructions given. The President said she had been well edified in listening to the exercises, also the good in - - w 