t J t il us The-ltij- Vol. - H I l -- 1 - fl II II n - - S ? I -- I I I II i ra 5 . I I . I V2 I 111 f 2 i. " . of'Jfw Women of -- Ziori Ms SALT LAKH"OITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 15, ISSH. 14. For the Ex pon AND PRESENT. CAUSED BY AN INTER VIEW. AFTER. I.O.NG AftSfcSCJE. In a mirror now I sec ".' I am not what liaised to be; The Glass your presence hokb! . 7 I marvel at the. mighty change-- Through what a length of years I Jsine -- ' -. To view all it unfolds! j. ; '."here was a time when just in voice Would cause each fibre to rejoice In my responsive heart, Would cause niy brain to lighten up .; As though a consecrated cup Its incense would impart, , "' also premises and have naturally reached'; false conclusions. It is the old feifdal system, transplanted to our shoresand its blight has fallen on our religion, our politics aud cur best, observed by that system, which- at least gives her legal'status. We are accustomed to refer with pride lb our Christian homes, as the outcome of our civilization yet they are only one step removed from" the brothel, the saloon, the DoiS it never occur to the gambling-house- . - ... whole socral structure. how beautiful With woman, as the world might be. The one not inferior aj;d r, . degraded, the other with no proud semo cf Both tog (her, ownership and authority. equal in every natural right as Omnipotence intended them to beearth would be .belter in the new condition, and marriage, religion, truth, justice and morality something nioie than an emply lound, Chattanooga JJuig Commercial T. that all thesehid'eous ulcers which male-min- d a re ea t ingl)ii t the" lieartTof society7 are reel ly tracabTe to the one great crime against woman the edict of,both the church and state that she should be subject to man? Might makes Tel i down through right.the old.old maxim,-handeHow farbloodshed! centuries of rapine and has an enlightened Republic founded on the principle of personal liberty, progiessed in the No; d - ' ' ft a century or its existence: as. Jar as woman is KINDNESS. concerhecf a mere weak reproduction oT oH- And cause the Sun himself to sh:ne world system! It is always the woman "that With beams that seemed indeed divine, Among all the characteristics of life, kindthou gavest me;" made for man's use; a play And Earth a paradise ness is one that is most essential. We should , thing,4 a bauble, a convenience (and under all And life put on a gayer suit, endeavor to be kind to each other, and try our CDhditions a necessity), put to any use, to serve And flowers sprang up, and luscious fruit make with whom wc associate the lord ana masters sovereign wijj; in tneory hest to Thosethose Seemed daily to arise! who are truly kind and noble a divinity, in practice a slave to his passions "happy There was a charm within that eye by nature, like the truly modest and pure, and his Just! magnify,thy. word Just here every "lad v" in the land Takes And fill my soul with love; naturally mean and vulgar are apt to chargo we it the as issue with but me, ignore, may, Yes, with a worship, holy pure, others with being the same. fact remains, the poor outcast is indeed our; It seemed my spirit to allur j We as young people should always behind sister, and every blow at her strikes you and and have due respect for the aged; for we hope With incense from above! me a3 well. The poison has penetrated through some to be old curselves, and then we No passion fed the flame of society, and man, who made an wouldday every grade like to be respected. rThat glittered on the mystic chain "outcast' ot the one is not ant to snnne tne - Shew me a home where kindness exists and With an electric light; as a "divinity." To his depraved soul other find will union there and ftrength. Then I feel it was a given dream, you women are alike. It is in this degradation how all it is that little seeds of kindThat hovered as a rainbow beam social evil has its birth. ness necessary of that every humanity ' be sown in youth that they may blossom O'er many a stormy night! Ail in old its growth and its assured longevity! age. And now, this day, 'tis shewn to be religions have been powerless to arrest the ever We may go still farther and see what efitct An evanescent dreamJorneL creasing " momentum of the social evil, lhe kindness has on a nation: where it does not That I no longer need; Christian minister draws the line at the "out exist you will hud hatred and strife. For ah I I've climbed the hill; stand above cast's" door who enters here leaves hope beexample we have only to look around and see The needed dream of earthly love- -It hind for her no help or solace here nor in the the thousands who are fighting against Zion. now would but, impede; world to come! Yet there was ,one, whose teach There is no gem that a4 lady or gentleman can The glow worm's UttTeTighns given, ings we profess to follow, that isaid, "Neither wear that will glitter brighter than true re do I condemn thee, go, and sin no more. E'en from the chancery of heaven, gard for others. be woman should the condemned, And for a purpose wise; Why Me3. C. Kirk. while the man goes unscathed? Surely all' re And grateful I will ever be, The light of love was shed on me; ligions teach that God is no respecter ot per I feel it was by heaven's decree HOME-MAsons then, why should man make laws to CHRISTMAS GIFTS. o Beinir-srise! to much aid soul law? more To controvert God's my Psyche.' himself of take care to than able, physically, Take a piece of An Umbrella-stand- . woman, whv should all safeguards of society stove-pip- e of proper length; cover the outside be for him alone? He claims that the woman MORMONISM. with Lincrusta Walton, procurable by the must be taken care of, and such is the care he gild or yard at almost any world civilized now the takes her. of Just a woman's view of the subject. for .this with such the bronze liquid prepared held its breath in horror at the ghastly revela purpose, faint, the inside ot the pipe a darK Man the author of our Bible and our Religion, tions made in London, oneof the great cen red, and fit in a wooden battora. one ters civilization. Just and of -Christianity -the the Maker of our Laws and Supreme Letter Rack. Select two smooth and Arbiter of"our Dediny Considering- - the glance of the awful abyss was accorded make man to should one think, such as are sup-- , every enough, mess he has made of if, would not a Xciv strong wooden butter-plate- s then the aud bow his Iho face to dust, gay plied by your grocer; cut one down for the Departure He in Order? whirl of society went on as "before. The colthe edges together and glue a pocket; place . . t i i i' find mind view. can r: aItne of the masculine wisdom lective the of point depends upon Everything oi ujacK niusiiu over inein. uivc strip n will be found who have given no remedy the only crime committed seems whole two coats of black paint. Basle on the not as a would His earth Is not the that in be to to the daisies cut from cretonne or, better, paint themsubject thought exposure. choice of evils, prefer Mormonism. "By their and the fulness thereof? It was urged against on if you can; varnish the whole rack insido fruit3 ye shall know them." Statistics show the man, who now.holds the highest position in and out with white varnish; add hanging ribthat crime, misery and debauchery among the the gift of the people, and, as we proudly claim, bons to match the daisies. Latter-da- y Saints are reduced to a minimum, on the habitable globe, that he had failed to To the bottom Cushion For Hair-pins- . aud : may well put us to the blush. Where in any "seal. his w ives.u n to him t'ljaujljvjthqn e yc i ce collar-boabout four Christian State of our Union is a parallel to tho response came from every masculine throat, of a round box say a in one diameter inches and and a half high, be found. But,' oh, horror! Does. a woman en"We all do it; why make a scapegoat of dorse polygamy?:. :Not without qualification. one?" glue a piece of pasteboard as a rim. Do not Since men will have plurality ,cf wives, .why From the intimate relations of the sexes use the cover. Fill the box with curled hair. Saxony worsted, a not legalize the relation, both in religion and man can never rise higher than the plane to Crochet, from in lav? ..Have the courage of your convictions; which he assigns womau; and this fact easily cover to fit snngiy over lhe box and thus form rini on give ail your wives the shelter of your name, explains all the complications into which our tho crown of the hat; crochet .Tie a. ihe refucrenof vout roof. Woman's interest is civilization has drifted. We started out from this and draw it over the . . L A - Tfrat-seem- igenerally-tlwnkthersJikcwisevhcrcas- ed earth-bor- -tlio- n -- .... 1 -- . DE s; paper-hanger'- ; 1 1 a . Few-wome- . - -- , x straw-colore- d' ling ps.-tckar- ' - " , d. -- ." - ' 