W 0M AN T- ADDHG3SED.T0 THE SUNDAY SCHOOL . IIILDHKa OK -- Bids each passing brother stand-Giv- ing f ach to each "God speedy" Why the proud head boweth low, - And each heart grows tender, when And glad choirs the anthem sing, "i'eaco on earth, good will to men';" 7 that low and lonely shed, " the cattle,-- gentlo-eycAll unconscious stood and fed, 3YhIle the precious moments sped, And the gstes of heaven thrown wide d, Saw the son, the prince of power, Helpless as a fledgeling dove, lower In his natal hour . . Thus tho earth received her in g. This tho welcome that they gave" One who brought salvation near, Burst th bands of sin and fear. Won the victory o'r tho grave. Little. children, je have read How He lived, the trnths lie tanght; ' How He walked by Galilee; How men loved with Him to bo, And their babes tho mothers brought; s How Ho took them in His arm?, Blessed and spoke the sweet decree, ' "While each souLwas touched and stirred, . And the people wond'rlng heard, "Let the children come to rac." "T'ollow ffim, each little one, Follow to that upper fold; 'When your life's great workls done, When yonr earthly course Is run, .May your names with His be told, Temped Miilicent. Washington, Jan. Editor Exponent: y self-evide- nt . WOMAN IN THE PROFESSIONS. -z named colored " were giWniplomni"Mar-li. nan, u unci vj. uiicaici, AUiia it. wuvui ' mick, Mary L. Wooster, and Nannie Stafford, the last a colored resident of Elizabeth, N J. were the later graduates. Thero aro now six . female students and eleven exdowd men in the medical classes'showing the cosmopolitan and .Catholic custom which now prevails in educational matters. It is also indicative of the spirit that' i3 at work everywhere and which must result, ultimately, Jn. opening -- to woman every avenue for emyloyme'nt that manenjoys , and every distinction and honor political, social or educational which superiority in these directions and in the battle of life may justly entitle her to. , It is a little strange that people must ever be educated to giving justice to their fellow creatures who have been held by custom in what may have been considered a subordinate sphere; but it is nevertheless true. It seems such a palpable, such a proposition that woman ahould enjoy everything that the same! talents possessed by man A man should be would win for him, ashamed to take advantage of the base customs prevailing to retain himself in position and power, lest it might be wrested from him by a woman. If man were what that word should de- imply, he would be too proudLtoo manly to ny to woman an equal chance in all spheres, and let the better and the more talented prove 1. 1885. "An important step one which will exeite considerable interest in as well as; out of the medical profession has been resolved upon by the Columbian University of Washington city. At a special meeting of the board of officers of that institution,, upon the unanimous recora- menaauon oi ine iacuuy oi us medical department, they decided to admit women to the study of medicine in the universi ty, with all the privileges of instruction in that branch of education now accorded male students This action, it is stated, is due in a large measure to the earnest and persistent efforts of a number of ladies who have attended the medical lectures since the beginning of the current scholastic term, one of whom is the daughter of a celebrated physician of Washington, Two . 1 le I am not oueJ r '"' those who run .wild on tho woman question; and I must say there aro some things I view with much inerc patience than a lot of women gathering together for the ostensible purpose of arousing wornen7l)u t who do.little else than nbuse men and the existing IVflVa man rVaya 1,4 UO BUlUCltJlU " "J " fF jui.u. lUUIli Knhnnnf!.!,,. WLllUi iwvit miipf and , more ennobliug r in the wroni;m suflrage cause than this; and Ibis being true, for heaven's sake .let woman be true to herself, and show that she is worthy her own cause, that ehc : . L i c1i' imi? ,i -- occa.o lug ui uer ,race, ine eiev auoR ""of her own sex, and that advcacy of thtse ideas does Hot necessarily invidvo a perpetual abuse of men. , 1 ' d, Than the serf with Slavery's dower, He, the Lord of peace and love. nut e "sho wn , -- tion."- well-fitte- Jhv may and-unmistakab- men. "The action 'of the. trustees of the "Columbian University of this city in opening he medical department of that institution to women students as well as men: is to be commended. It is following in the line of progress which leads to a fuller emancipation of ' womanhood from unnatural and oppressive restraints, opens the way to an avocation for ; the successful pursuits of which in many of its. branches the sex is peculiarly and thrusts aside another of the antiquated prejudices which have so long shut in its face the doors of professionaUife.'- - Wherever the ha3 been made- - the results are beneficent. It will not be many years before the justice of the" principle and the wisdom jf it3 practice will be universally acknowledged." Columbia University, it appears, is but fol: lowing in' the step3 of Howard University which has thrown its doors open to female students sinco. 18tJ9. The first female physician ever graduated"- in the District of Columbia : was Dr, Mary D. Spackman in 1872. Dr. i perpetually ihont i3 in tel lectu a ly incapacitated by nature for col) petition with men in the pursuits of life. If lucapacitated fear by nature, why competition? That very declaration, broad and bold as it appears to be, 7,13 the certain evidence that-me- n do fear, and are unmanly enough to let that fear force them into the- - ignoble attitude" of employing the strong arm of existing power to keen women out of tho. ranta of Vmnpti- H3 ever-widenin- the rich, with generous hand, Give good gifts to thoso In need; And a spirit thro ugh. the land ' JWhere- tion, froib irh?ch - "Why 'i ' tion3 once -- considered exclusively masculine! walks,! as ; pla cing them. in an in vul nerable-po-si ulty, is pertinent; but as showing- the approba- -' tion with which that action is meeting, and on g account of the sentiment that all : : other things being equal, women should enjoy every privilege which is aii inheritance of From the dawning's early grey, We the passing hours prolong, -fiHylflglloye, forgiving wrong, Till the light has passed away? t " I '' --- -The . "To -- noliSf do fou know .Why. upon tlii3 Christmas day, In o month of storm and enow, When rough winds the wildest blow, Human hearts are light and gay? Why with gift, and smile, and Von , lEighteen hundred years ago, Waiting shepherds saw a star, Leading with a steady glow 'To a stable poor and low, Drawing men's hearts from afa r : . " UtU children, 123 , others .are of the faculty of a well known female seminary. The .unanimity of the faculty of the. medical department in rccommendim? tiuf innovation is. .tfeattaV.. proleEion pf this citrrecognize the demands of public opinion in this direction." y; : following brief editorial comment from - the Washington Post on. the action of the fac- CHRISTMAS. . SEX P 0 N E N T " i.i . .. 7v Vfu (til f HJ qualifications that are required of man, then let her vote; If there is any iosition on earth '. to which ho aspires, and by using the same means that men employ she can gratify that ambition, then let her secure jt; "but for her own sake let her drop this incessant, intermin- nlilp And fbKnlnrflv luaplaa rvi tyranny, doiniueering, and what not. : On the '20th of this month the wumeii hold a national convention here, when i nnmber of Ciie nut U(ted - of - the sex political ly and otherwiso--wil- l hold forth and d'iseiLHg the wo man's suffrage situation. , When that event transpires there nay be something of interest to tell your. readers. If the Washington ladles are not remarkable for the percentago of beauti'Os to the female population, they frre remarkable for the neat- - , ness, the surpassing noatuess of their wo ring apparel. They always look lovely. ; Bangles, bracelets are the rage, to the discarding of the old fashioned ones one for each arm, and bothalike. A lady will wear two. or three on one arm. Diamond earring-?diamond finger ring-?- diamond bracelets and diamond pins abound. They are worn ou the street, in the 1iou3jq, and everywhere. A single bud or a few flowers is not suhicientja nosegay of enormous size, such as ladies would censider ordinarily as out of all proportion for a hand bouquet, are now worn midway be- tween the waist and bosom. They arc not ar- tificial. but made up mainly of tea roses. On - " ' , . , - a fine day "Pennsylvania Avenue i literally crowded with ladies splendidly attired, and a mnjority of them adorned with the bouquets referred to above. The avenue, for square, after square, is filled with that delightful, per-'- , vading and insinuating odor peculiar to tea ' roses. Everything in the upper elates is on wheels, reception parties anffcal Is, V) which some men submit with becoming grace, au which' are the 4 plight of that "fashionable dud .iv courtesy called the young gentleman of society------ 1 clap trap chatter about "Rnnprinritxr nf the male 'msr U:falline: intolucli to ignoble repute that a man who pretends of be fair, or just, or to posses any breadth The old -- fol-de-r- thought, dare not advance it. Only the ignorant creature,who is coward Enough to abuse his wife, make3 use longer of that assertion which, at one time, or for some unaccountable reason, was actually called an "argument." Nor is there a less rapid decrease in the number of those who , a3 an irrefutable argument, have been point to the fact that so few.women direc other distinguished jo'P learning, or in lioVKK. . . Miss Susan Fen i more Cooper is educating or- phan children - in industrial occupations in Cooperstown, N. Y. Lady DuITerin raised 10,000 for charity in a single year, and managed its distribution. She devotes much of her time to work for the ' . "poor. ' . 