p a M ti i; The Bights of the .Women of 2i:LiV Vol. I'd. Rights of the Women of all Nations. and-tl- Kor. ih SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBlftJAIlY! lfc;18B5. WiSV t OUR TRUST IS IN GOD. means the' improvement of the girls of -nation in the next generation. :::zzzzzz I do not think that the' real object in organ- i'zing these associations for young ladies is ever mentioned in some places, and seldom referred to in others. They ere for improvement, .say ' some." Yes, so are the day schools, and Sunday Schools; but why are young ladies organized into societies of their own? That they may exchange thoughts, make suggestions as to the best means of retaining their health.and vigor, l2Ll,?;cultivate''goo'd.. manners without affectation, and hojv to storetheirminds-with-n- e "ful "knowledge neglecting the most '. practical duties of Do not deem me harsh if I make bold to remind you tbat-th- e children of a sulky, mother can scarcely be to become fine, intelligent," fearless expected men and women, i.-- - realize that the work 7Ymiilgladies, do you or regeneration and reform, forjhe next-ha-lf century, depends a great deal upon you;Jndi-viduall- y and collectively? It is so whether you realize it or not. It is for you to decide whether the men and women of the near future shall be of the fine physique, sturdy valor and sterling integrity, or frivolous, slothful and effeminate. The past is open to you to read and reflect upon; tha present is the field for you to labor in, and the future anxiously awaits the ' result. to-da- No one can come bet ween ran And in y God ; N6ne can bide Jrom me Ms glorious face; ; Bat I may walk the path which Jesus trod, And unrestrained may seek His love and grace. -- - Ob, glad assurance! this but proves to me Beyond a doubt my own divinity, Tor though I bund lneatu iha chastening rod, No one can come between mo and my God. No earthly power, no king njr potentate, No power of hell can dare to touch the eo.ui ; no one can dictate, Immortal, ' Or bring the heart's emotional'neath control God-like- house-w'ifer- Tbe body they may torture and afflict, Imprison take the life which God has given, The soul its upward flight cannot restrict, It will return again to God and heaven. - E. A. Bexjuonv Feb. 4th, 1883. Oh THE PRESENT DAY. 15. LADIES M. I. O. Piiisus. ASSOCIA- - PRAYER. What is the present but the connecting link between. the pa3t and the future? Through and during the present alone we can make the past improve the future. All the improvements of civilization have come to us from the knowledge and proper criticism of the events d and; ambitious of the past, by men and .women. But for them and their lawould be groaning unbors the world of der the chains o cruel barbarism, As great as between noonday and midnight gloom is the contrast between the Constitutional Government of the United States of America and that of the most enlightened nations, or ago. The same can be said of arts and sciences; we do not hear of a cathedral being a century in process of erection. In less than a century the improvements, inventions in all arts and sciences have, been multitudinous; but how and by whom have they been brought about? Not by the drones, who said: "Let us eat, drink and be merry, for we die." Ko, but by men and women whose education at the school of endurance, hardship and abnegation, has- resulted in a stern sense of duty to future generations, and an unquenchable thirst for knowledge, "Knowledge is power!" What a theme for reflectionl But I am addressing myself to the. young ladiesdu-of --Utah on the subject of the present, and the ties and privileges it holds outto thera. I hope none of roy young sisters are ignorant of the fact that it is their privilege and duty to become wives and mothers, and thould therefore spend their youth in qualifying themselves for these important callings. Do they think of these things a3 they, meet in their Improvement Associations? Do they suggest means to check evil and promote good? r The physical, intellectual arid morar improvement of . the. "Prayer right-minde- to-da- "Our Father which art in heavei), etc."' In. another, instance our Savior says: "What tilings soever ye desire when ye. pray ..believe that yo receive them and yoa shall nave them; and if ve have auirht anain.-t- when nravinc o foririve 'J J any, t,hat your Father which is in heaven may r trespasses." I le al-also jjforgivey ou-y-ou - es s, i aTe joy ful ."top raiieH invw ii li sin y ing, as a song of the heart is a prayer, unto tiiT Lord. We; are also told to wateh and pray, lest wc enter into temptation. is a more beautiful sight than to see a little child in pure pJicitykircriJing,;.aS7-imother's knee "offering - up a prayer t ou r ifpnvrnlv Father: and wo have read of maiiv instances where tlicir praycr3 nave-- neon :ur- o f-y- r& '":.-W- hat d, ;: y . two-centurie- s w 5 - , is the soul's sincere desire." Ourmo3 inward thoughts and desire's, lieth-e- r Ho good or evil, are known to the Lord; can read our hearts as we can read a printed book. Then how necessary it is for us to be in our actions. pure in our thoughts as well as God is the Father of our spirits; His ears arc children. always open to the prayers of His What a beautiful, consoling thought to know that we have a Father in heaven whom we can approach in t)ur hour of trial and tribulation, even if we are deserted by all we hold dear He will never forsake upon earth, knowing that 'Hi3 children nor leavejhem comfortless; fur our Savior savs, "Ask, and ye shall receive; knock, and it shall be opened unto you. What is more easy than this, only to ask and we shall receive. And we as Saints and daughters of made this promise Qod know that He has jmt in vain. I believe every one of u?, if we Jive as we should do, can bear testimony to the- efficiency of prayer. How many times has the Lord heard our prayer in regard to our little ones when upon a .bedsuflexingand-restored-"the- m to health according to our prayer and s He the desires of our hearts. The --Lord say knowaour desiresibefore asking Him, but tie likes us to ask for what we want, and that in How many times have the sick been faiththe lame to healed, the deaf made to hear, lite through walk, and even the dead raised' to . the prayer of faith? d abundantly-blesseso are we How is it that mounand prospered in these valleys of the - ; It is tains, being of so manv nationalities. of the Samts.for through the prayers and faith and will the Lord loves a prayerful people, lie loves to listen to protect and bless them, - - '. self-indulge- We neither tremble or defy theirpowcr, But bravely meet the issues of our cause; We will uot falter in the trying hour; Our God will help us to obey His laws. " A y. weak-minde- now vain the plans and schemes of mortal men To dare coerce our faith and trust in Ilim, To try to dictate what we thall believe, ' Or say how much of truth we shall receive. FOR THE YOUNG them and to errant thei: request. It U i: :thelength"oTrour prayers .tbaTisriiOst. acceptable to the Lord, but the earnest desires of heart. "How simple, yet how beautiful', is the prayer our Savior taught His DicipU.s, y swered, licari;, iho and-l-beiievtr-th- prayer of a litlo child even quicker than - nt people, because they have" .committed any sin, and .'arc therefore pure. B::t, our Savior tells us to ask and it shall be give:.';-seek- , and ye shall find; and to.' every on." ih. knocketh it shall he opened. He aiotc lis that the hairs of our head arc all numlkiv!, and that not even a sparrow falls to the ground ' : without Hi3 notice. And in Him' we live aii;l; ," move and have our being. does 'of-olde- . a-- ? . Saints know it to hztrue, but we as Latter-dararer. is no and that there safety without Jesu-.Christ- btibro We read that our Savior y ; His crucifixion, went into the Garden of which is the Mount of .Olive?, and hi were posii-bl- e, agony. Ho prayed to God that if.it to let the cup pass; He abo to jk sruue of His Disciples with Him and asked them to watch while He prayed; ai:d while He His prayer to His Far.hr r to sustaiit Him in His trying hour, they slumbered and tim-felept. We find that He did this three nd each time He found them atcp. Tii -- third time He said:',4SIep on hoy and I:iko is betrayed into the your rest, the Son of Man hands of sinners." i f Jesus our Savior had occasion to cir. aid and plead with the Lord far iii - ance.how much more necessary it if for; us ,p ;or,; witriout'.ce-.iS;weak, fallen 'humanity .to pray that the Spirit of God may be. our consent all the joys and guide and companion through ills of life so that we may be able to Hand firm as the Rock of Ages, holding on to the Rod of Iron ever rcmemberiug that the Lord is our anfl na is friend, that He is a God that near afar oil', that He knows our every thought and ; to Uar desire, and that He is ever ready on r j)ray erj; Jind itvjwojLimhLJimi are tiro L UTgayMlTat in life or death we , I wouldlhen exhort you, ray yv.ung ?nter-i yo:i never to neglect or forget your pmvT Would have the . Lord for your friend nr.d God's laws and-- , guide, and by obedience to unto our Ilayeniy seeking to live nearer Gctii-seraan- e, . ..wa-offerin- 1 - g u-al- ly . aim-answe- -- we may hold communion with hoiy for there is no blessing the Loni wilt Father withhold from His children if they aru omv A. humble and prayerful. Jan. 28, 188o. -- f v.- London has a Sunday paper, the Age, devoted to goseip, with 50,000 circulation. ' 