, ThtRighls of the Wommof Zion, and the Rights of the Women ' ; ; Through mossy tombstones, old and grey, That near a ruined abbey lay, Pensive I strayed; th' So dim inscriptions on the stones, Unknown the names of those whose bones lieneath them laid. The bestowal7of the affections of a woman U a strange subject, perhaps, to dilate upon", but one whtchin: my estimation, shouM be dwelt upon and discussed far more than it has hitherto been, for by the bestowal may come joy and happiness, or : Avoe and Ixartache. "Vho would wish. for shadow when they could have sunshine? Ahowould - wish for : hel I when they could gain heavenrMethinks I can answer for all not one. Then why should we not be more wiser and discreet in the choice of a husband, when,, by the selection, may g sorrow, tears, and wishes for an : come early grave. How often some of us are fascinated by the Unnoticed came 'the ev'ning sky; Unminded rose the unconscious sigh Up from the breast, ', '. Dreaming, perhaps, of brighter days,) When, full beneath my wondVinggazc I saw, "At Rest!" ( . life-lon- ;.' o 7 ed Thatspoke-ofrwoe- . sm i lef dreamed these words, by chance, Might stay the careless, slow .ivance Of wayward fett; Nor thought they from that tomb should fall And, to a thoughtless mind recall That lif; is fleet, That days are few; that hours speed fast; That, though we strive from first to last ith steadfast strain, Life's worthy battle ne'er is won W x Something that's needful to.be done Will yet remain. - nt-anc- -- : Thus striving on, life must be spent, Still something to forgive, repent, Ere yet we're blest; Ere yet the soul speeds unto God; Ere yet beneath the freshen 'd sod laid "At Rest!" We're -- "At-- R&ti- O solemn-thoug- , -- ht! Wrth deep, with soulful quest'nmgs fraught, Thou fill'st the mind;--' And joy too bring'st. What can express ' The rapture spirits feel sthat press , On, unconfined! - . FIRST PICTURE. ; I see a beautiful girl sitting alone In her boudoir. She is about to write, for she has two letters before her; two proposals of mar riage, bhe seems in a dilemma which to accept. Hush! These words escape her lips: "Which shall it be? Both rich and, handsome, and one so witty and gay, that I am always so pleased 'when in his society; the other, while wealthy, is so quiet and digniSed, I am quite sure I would be miserable with him, or I should be afraid of him, and I think I love the . To think the madden'd, fever'd train Shall rest life's never ending strain At length, must cease, To feel the bleeding heart no more Shall bleed, to know the test is o'er! nn: mis is peace: , ' Ere vet the SDirit leaves this coil.' But once to gaze back on the toil Of weary life, And, seeing, know (while weak and frail, " While much remains o'er which to wail ' ' Unconquer'd strife,) " " T - - tt - otherj)est." T yr Thou still hast won th' approving smile 'J' Of Him o'erwatching all the while, ... Then art thou blest! Bound, Spirit! at thy ransomed birth! Sleep, Body, in the waiting earth! Ami sijh "At Rest! M MilknnialiSlar'. ; . " ne"of thropposite' -- it Some wayward habit to abjure; Some ling'ring thought, not wholly pure, A joyless hate That from the heart must needs be torn; From some friend's path to pluck a thorn'Tis ne'er too late. " bland" wic ile ed sex, and fall a victim to the snarer. Such is the case many times with a young, thoughtless girl," and often those more mature are thus influencedHow many rusk - headlong - into wedded life,never pausing to think,or to realize the importance of the step they are about to ta k e; some, perh aps, wi th a very short aequai But alas! they awaken to a realization of the extent of their folly all too late; they know nothing of one another's tastes and habits, therefore they are not very likely to J agree; one quarrel brings on another, until a final separation" ensues, or they drag out a life of misery and despair together; this is most in variably the case with too hasty court jhips and marriages. Oft times one fancies herself in love with a erentleman whose main forte, in making him self agreeable, are his expressive looks, wit and nonchalant manner. They wed; he, of course, soon tires of always showing this part of his character; he then becomes surly arid quiet, and she finds to her sorrow that all that attracted her, or caused her to imagine herself in love. has flown, bhe has found out the truth ot the maxim, "All that glitters is not gold," too ' J'' z late. Then, we should be careful not to jnistake brass for gold, dross for silver to be sure that we have the real, genuine metal; then we are more confident of happiness. Sitting by my open window, thi3 afternoon, busily employed jvith writing material, two pictures are visible to mv mind's eye, which I shall try tp describe. s. But, like'a daisy in the grass,. Unseen of thoughtless as they pass, v (Half hid in green,) layhap by loving eyes, were traced. By loving hands on tomb were placed These words,-- ween. Nor Was " : Two words, there, full upon the sod, As if, with faocs turned to God In calm repose; Notombstontf near; no f resfv-r- ad e m o n n d , . No eye, no ling'ring sound 'z she stands on the open verandah, awaiting her nusoand s return nome. Am ne comes; does sha spring forward to meet him as of yore? Oh, no! Ifjhe.Jiad, think jpu those arms would have - opened to receive her in a warm ' embrace? ' To1 all 'appearance they would not. A cool .''Good Evening' ii hh greeting.7 They pass into the sitting room, where all betokens luxury.. A servant enters and announces tea. They enter the- - dining room. While .seated there onljFhow and then an occasional word passes from either of them. After their even- mg meal, they pass back to the sitting room; she to while .away her time with some fancy work, which I see in her listless fingers, he to don slippers, and to throw himself down on a low sofa with a novel in his hand, and soon reads himself to sleep; while his wife the work has fallen -- from her hands, and her eye3" are ciosea in inougm; n oi in sium per, du t in thought; nor do I think they can be very pleasant reflections, by the painful shadow that now and then creeps over her face, and by the way those small white hands are clenched, aa they are interlocked in one another. A tear steals silently down traces of it away, and softly walks to where her sleeping husband lies. She bends over him with a look on her face; and words escape her lips. T. plead guilty of and bend hearer to listen: "So unlike what he was before we were wed; then he was alwavs io witty, ga arid kind; then I was happyj hut it did; not4 could not last" A sob escapes her I lips, as sh turns and silently .leaves-thVr;:. ri"A': '; "; room; GIRLS, DON'T MISTAKE BRASS FOR" gold. v - ."AT REST!" tear-dimm- No. 9. SALT. LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER 1,1685. Vol. M. ' otMYatiOn$: - f Tlid beautiful head bends lower over her writing; she pens the word that silently seals her fate. In one brief moment he has marred the happiness of her whole She has life-tim- e. unconsciously mistaken brass for gold. I look a little ahead, perhaps two or three years; I "see that same beautiful being, m alas! not that samedbright,"happy face; there is a hapless look in those dark, mournful eyes, as cheek.--She-hastilyrwipe- e. '-all woe-bego- ne eaves-droppin- g, ' SECOND PICTURE. I disclose to you Listen, while picture. this beautiful In the. parlor of an aristocratic mansion, a slim, graceful figure' elegantly, attired, paciner to andfro-asj- f iai thought; finally she com munes to herself aloud. "Alas! the time has come when I must make a decision between these two gentlemen One richr witty, dashing in manner?, and, I believe, warm-heartebut the question is, would this last: always? If not, wJiaiPi11d there be to attract ordra wmyai- tention afterward? I do not, think he,is often serious. I must choose wisely, for the happi ness of my life 13 at stake; I must not imagine . X iove unless J. do. "This other gentleman,although not wealthy, when in his upciety, be geems towering to heights far above me, in intellect, and (and a" delicate blush mantles her cheek) I think I could easily learn to love him, and I should be sure of happiness, as he is so intelligent and refined." ; ' There is a determination in those soft blue eyes, as this part of the vision slowly fades : away. y. v.,. Again I see her. She is on a lawn in front of her. residence, racing and romping, with three beautiful children! who are hue-hintand crowing in childish glee; but who comes silent-- . ly and un perceived on the background? It is a man of noble, commanding presence. His arms are folded across his chest, a emile hovers around that stem mouth, as, unseen, he watches tbe happy group, and a fond look steals into those keen, dark eyes. Finally he advances toward them; they perceive him and rush for- ward, and each in turn receives a fond caress. Surely she has not mistaken brass for gold. No. I will draw baek unprecei ved and lea ve -them to their happiness. , d; , , -- . ? . . 