with ths pesra sad tart, trp Icaa jLord ta w&i r for a tuT ness cf joj nd himisp ia th eternal world, wKich tr cerer ccuid obtain in thU. ij. I araso Treak ard trcrnblin?, I hare been fearfbl that I' f&saM Kirs to gira up TrHtin'jj .would aces a great trial to alipgethsr, man Therelare xnanr of my friends whom I ihoald like to cotamonicsto with by letter,but L t"i; I am notable to do bo. Yon will pleaso present my kindest love to our dear Sisters. Snow and Wells, and all the neethem.? Tho Rsteff of the r Twentieth tVardiarealwaya remembered. That you and all m dear cbildriiinayhe "eTerifaithfixl to the cause of truth, is the con' 777 stant prayer of 7 ;7 7j -. r rest,-when-t- a. gaTABMMHFH OrrOUER, -- 1868.- ( - ! It now becomes onr painful daty to announce the death of our belored associate, Sister Sarah Marlah Wadswortb, who departed this life March 5th, 183o, after a brief illnesa of twenty-foq- r !bours.iShe was the. ' ' EIIzav S. . and "oThomas J. Terry, born at daughter Hebron, Washington Co., September J3th, : 1863. and" waa married ; ..v 16th, ; 8he was Second Counselor in the Toung Ladles' Mutual ImproTement Association of Panacea, which position sha faithfully filled for Cone year. She was one of ' the most amiable of her Btx, and; was belored by all who had the pleasure of her acquaintance.' 7 The deceased was a lorlng. wife and mother. , 8he leaTes a husband and two children, the youngest hut one day old, and a host of friends who deeply mourn her loss. ' 7 Resolutions of Respect to he memory , of Sister Sarah Marlah Wads worth, by the Toung Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association of Panaca. . Whereas, It has pleased our He&renJy Father to take from our midst by the hand of death our belored sis' ter, we feet that we hare lost a faithful and worthy member of the Young Ladies' Mutual Improremenj ' Association ' , ;' :,,, : .r 7 rf":-- , Rcsol red, That we esteem her past faithful labors and great derotloiTto' duty , as worthy the fellowship and highest respect of ns all. 7 i Resolred, That we deeply sympathize with the be reared family in the loss of a kind wife and affectionate ' ' mother. '':.v'" Resolred, That these Resolutions be spread upon our records, and copy be presented to the bereared family " alsphe Woman's Expoeitt for publication; ; Majjt Jahk Lkr, President, , ;x X CuRisBZxru8, Secretary. 0 i S ALTXAKE-CI- - " Your affectionate mother, - S. K. Greene. - '- r' t u. Y7-tIta- T ; h IMF11RTER8 AND J0BCER3 OF 18-S2.-- ;f-- '- - husband, children; taothtfr, aUtcr Rolred, That lhw Rcaolatloria bai spread pon oar mNards, that a copy of them t teat to the bereaved ' ' hasband, and also the WoaUr'C Kiwsixt, ou ;; brrTxd illlUUUIIOl -- Eroce 4 RESOLUTIONS. ' It becomes our duty to part with Whereas, and accept tbe resignation of our esteemed friend, lira, Moody whd has acted as President of the Thatcher and Lay ton Wards during .the past year j and who feels the task too great to do justice to both places, in her: stead. have been placed Mi's Layton,' as President, Mrs.' Monteath apd ; Mrs. Madsen, as Counselors. ' 7 Resolved, That we, the sisters of the Lay-to- n Ward, esteem et as a good president and . wise counseloryand that we will ever appreciate her kindnessand endeavor to practice her good teachings. We, are pleased to present to her a beautiful picture of our much loved Prophet and PatriarchyJoseph and Hyrum Smith. And now; dear editor; if you will be patient with us, for a few moments and follow.' us in jour iuindV eye we will escort her to a neighboring houseirid when the door is opened judge of her surprise and pleasure at beholding a table spread with the good things of the land, among which can be seen a dish of nice home . honey-comwhich, in this desert fjroduced onlj very pleasing to the eye, but 1 to the laate also.; ; . We will leave them to enjoy the surprise, with a bevy of beautiful girls to wait on them. : : -- - Mrs. Roxana Walker, Mrs. Nakcy Peel, Mrs. Harriet ' . - ' . Warner,; IN MEMORIAM. Djep, at Jber residence, InTPaysoa Ward, Utah Co., U. T., Finny Coombs, wife of Isaiah M. Coombs, March 14th, 1S35, aged fortj-tyears, nine months and eight 8ae recelTed the Gospel at Cincinnati, O., where she, with mother and sisters, were baptized . by Elder John Deceased was married to Banks, April 21th, 1855. Isaiah M. Coombs Jnly 23th, 1853; was the mother of fourteen children, all IiYlng except three, who died In infancy. She embraced and Hred np to erery principle that God has rerealed for the exaltation of woman " Was endeared not only to her family, but to all who knew her. Dad strong faith in the ordinances of the Church, and when In the- agonies xt death sang, We . than Tfcee, O God, for a Prophet." t kesfbct .i - '' '7 , WeVthe members of the :Payson Ward Relief 8oclety, UtahStake U.T., nnanlmonsly adopt ; the following? Whereas, God In His wisdom lias seen fit to call from our midst by the hand of death our much loved and r worthy Secretary, of the 3rd District, and, In' labors our Society bare been faithWbereas,fler fully performed, we feel to recognize and respect her Yirtucs, among us; therefore, be it Rc&olvcdj That we dp recognize in the death of onr sister, Fanny Coombs, the lass of a faithful member in our Resolved; That we' condole and deeply sympathize ' '. And an elegant assortmenf of JDT& IT fafitrs5hoe. OOBSand: , . In- - - - ..- 112, 114, 116, 118 Eait Temple Streets Home-m- d Silk Drens Goods, OttomAnav Oroe- sprains. Brocaded and Pl&in Smiinn andt Grenadines; als If andkercMefs, Ilome-Iad- e For Sale at MAvvrxctvnkm PBrciai, by7; : ' MRS. B. P. MUSSER. Scocd lloase South of Silk Factory, Canyoii ttoad rj to" accomodate k number; oT persons who Class, but cannot commence In May, I hare concluded not to start my Class until Auerbach & Bro A Foil and Compile JBtpck'of , , MILLINERY. , --- 7- A CLASS IN MIDWIFERY Will commence a class' in . her office "May I 18S5- a term consists of ten weeks. - Twa lectures erery dar Saturdays excepted. ,h :v'" cudv eaL CALL ANTi EXAMfNE. 1 1 ti n u ers, ciWATiEii A steam fitteiis Cooks, SiJj.'OOj "u Dr. Shipp wUl remain in the city, anar wn hi foani at -office ' Agent tor RUlIEY'ceiebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Pump Repaired on snort notice. Orders from Jiie oountry prompt!- responded to. -JLllrm, C1TIS liX3tB$s SSS.ISHT UXX CUT. , 1 O- - ; "Special depiartmeQt for Ladles' Misses' In i ; :" LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOIS, RIBBONS,1 COLLARS,1 TIES, - desire to join my Obstetric : Supt. EL-DREDGE, . : m . ; jlab3r,.when duahoticewm be giTen. . Will be found' the latest atylea and pioductiona V. -7: : in . 7; : : . ; AT TEASDEL'S keenly felt, both as a faithful member of the Association and a deroted daughter;" we trust the parents will feer reconciled, knowing that she waa taken from a world of sorrow by a j net and merciful God. I Resolred, That a copy of these Resolutions be placed upon the records of the Association, and that one be presented to ilw berere4Tparente M Jamksox, j ' Committee. r M. A. Madsmx, ' , . .. A. M.Nzusok. . .! . , Special to the Ladies. - ! 0 H. er 'Layton, Arizona, April 2nd, 1885. KioLtrTioKS or tST,.W carry : Mrs. Annie Packer. '"' ' larger jtad mora compfeU' Stock than any house In the west. : j BESOLUTIOXS .' MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. Or COXDOLEKCB. Whereas, Proridence has seen fit to call from our midst our much esteemed sister and In the caused I of trntb,tx finish the labor so nobly begun on this earth :in a higher sphere, we, the members of this Association, off?r our heart-fel- t sympathy to the bereared parents and friends of the deceased, and although her loss is i :': ; In a recent meeting of the Toung Ladles Mutual Association of Goshen a committee was appointed to draw up resolutions of condolence to the memory of Miss Rosetta CoIe,xdaugbter of Benjamin and Mary Cole, who "departed this life on the 10th inst, at the early age of sixteen. The : following is a copy pre . sented for publication. i v : AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLE . ; r GLASS AND QUEENBWARE, ELEGANT CUT GLAS, - b, " HEAVY AND SHELF HABDWARIV Tuition her a Term. $10.00. fi and residence, 66 8. First West Street. - -- - jjsi 