gownbe.-deckeKenilworth," in crearn-colore- d with birds and feathers of brilliant fie PMrLRussel as "LitilerRed hnA Riding Hood'' rendered a charmingjittle solojrom that opera. Atter the cnaracier delineations, Mrs. Lydia D. AIder read a summary of theryear's work of the Club; the progress made and improvement sought An ovation was tendered to Honorary President 5- B.Wells,, and President Ellis and. Press Club, R. ShiDD. r bv the Reapers . . d Windsor Castle, the closing function of that Before closing this review of the first decade of the Club's existence perhaps to mention some it of its annual gatherings, notable women entertained, and of the work accom plished along the lines of. journalism and . g. would-be-interestin- . 'congress- - ever-to-be-remember- ed " pc.aicwrirings; minutes has been lost, but the annua meeting of 1894 gives us the names of the offiicers of that year; they were as tol- IowsfHonorary President- ,- ErB, r Wells; f on Saturday- - eveningarch:iothii59 from-thCouncil of Wo President. E. R. Shipp, M.D.; Kuth M. on'their return in-Washington. Lydia D. Al- men, lately convened Fox, First eduof. "classical Lizzie S.. They met many "people der, Second Wilcox. Recording Secretary; Assistant, cation and opportunities for the highest "Ella" V7Hyde; Cor. Secretary, R. B. culture in the land. Our representatives Olea Shipp, Treasurer, attended the banquet given on the 75hs Assistant, Pratt; '' " Til t, it J! B. An. iv. tir wens, fiuuiiur, f iicuc v. iuuug, anniversary of the birth of Susan Dr. E. B- Ferguson, Chairman Program thony and spoke of the cordiality extended ' to the Utah women. Mrs, Wells also spoke Committee. Anniversary day being also Halloween, of her visit to, the beautiful home of Mrs Ve May Wright Sewail. Many memories were aspeciaj, program was arranged. had' pleasant and unique gatherings in revived, some pleasant, some disappointthe past, but this year rather exceeded ing,' especially that bf dear Aunt Zina, who had failed to meet with them in the aome of its predecessors. Either by costume or symbol.the mem- National Council. bers represented as truthfully as might be The Club Minutes of April 3. 1895, make liters or well authors of known the some mention, that the city that day was full was name As caiiea of "excitement on the suffrage question her ary characters, could and she arose, guess and on motion of Mrs. Wells, the meeting any present character the at was resolved into a meeting to discuss represented. there. were Woman Suffrage, the question then Literature, history.fable.all Some of the costumes worn were beauti- under discussion at the ConstitutionalCon-ventioThe speakers were Mrs. E. B. ful, striking, or original as the wearer desired. Wells. C C. R. Wells, T Lizzie Wilcox, imDr. E. R. Shipp as Portia looked Mrs. MLachlin and Richard R. Shipp, posing jn judicial robes; impressive her H. A. Badger, M iry A. Clark, E. J. Stespeech 'The quality of merey is not venson,; R- - M. Fox.- - Helena "Madsen of slrvir.ed" etc. Ruth M. Fcx attired in GunnisdnTTnriie-TKyd- e, Lvdia D. v colors W. various gaud represented sergeant Alder,vMrs. Kister. Ella Hyde. Mioses Wood-mann-Miss in Dickens. Buz fuz, Gladys Claire Ferguson, Laura Hyde, Florence was Hypatia in Roman cos- Alder.Ellis Shipp.and Mij-- May ol Ntphi tume, Ella V. Hyde looked graceful All Dr. Ferguson, and M. A. Caine. leaves with fern fan as Fanny Fern; pledging themselvesto work for the WoDr. R. B.Pratt' dressed as a nun read from man Suffrage plank in the State ConLongfellow's "Evangeline", Bv a stitution. Phebe C. Young and Lizzie S. The Club anniversary, of .1897, held at Wilcox, each representing Lucile, as a the residence of Dr. Ellis R- Snipp, when nun, had even chosen the same selection the" following was the personel ot its offrom that work to read. However, the ficers. d ladies changed their selection which Honorary President E. B. Wells, Past. the matter. C. C. R. Wells, represE. R. Shipp and Ruth M.Fox. ented "The Woman in White", from Presidents Wilkie Collin's novel of that: name.. Mrs. President elected Dr., Romania B. Pratt Minnie J. Snow as Mrs. Hemaris sang Rebecca H. Doolan and Helen. Vilate Kimball; Vice President at: Large, Isabel sweetly a song from that author's work. Cameron Brown, Secretary Mary A. J. Mrs. C Louise Boydeh, represented by a svmbol, Mrs. Browning, and with great Lambert, AmieeScrffller, Assistant Secredramatic ability recited "Mother and tary. Lydia D Alder Cor. Secretary, Hattie Poet" from her works. JMrs. Lucy A. B.ikHarker Treasurer. "No more unique and perhaps even Clark, very befittingly represented Eliza R. Snow, giving , selections from that beautiful gathering was ever held, in this author. Mrs. Melissa Wilson, with white most hospitable home, than the one of gown and flowing hair, represented" Per-di- this year. The present was forgotten in from Shakespeare,- reading "A Win- the past.and those of other years thronged Mrs.V E. Tl Stevensnn with tnis iayonte spot. 1 quote from the miter's Talp.' nutes. a beautiful rose, represented "Rose in Niellis C. Tavlnr. in hpr rm'aint ilThe ladies vho were most Rlnnm conspicuous. and simple y uaker garb, pleasingly remin-- " were first Lydia D. Alder as the sweet ded us of Lucretia Mott Miss Olea Shipp poet Lydia H. Sigourney in lace mantilla appearing as the "Bohemian Girl' played apd' appropnate costume throughout. beautiful airs from that opera. Miss Ellis None guessed her character, even when Shipp recited Longfellow's "Birds of she read "Napoleon's from - . e Vice-preside- Vice-preside- y- t- - : nt; nt; K - n. . gifted author. On request of the ladies, Mrs. Alder walked through each rAom that all might see her. before she reveal ed, the character, she represented. Lucy Ar Clark as Hypatia, in flowing raiment, artistically draped -- discussed -- philosophy like an ancient. sage. ' Dr. Orielle Curtis as Portia, with cap and gown looked like a Doctor of Laws, deed, when ine quality ok piercy is not quoting strained' she appeared like a real Greek Rebecca H. Doolan, with soft heroine- iwhite hair, and fine lace cap read from .the poems cf 'the gitted Eliza R. Snow. Ruth M. Fox was simply. charming in her Quaker bonnet, and 'severely plain garb psrrvinp' in herhan d the scroll of the I) er- limtinn nf Tndfnpndpnne nnd rrjvin r tK - v pathetic, yet eloquent description of the scene when the brave little woman made herself forever famous on that memorable night of the fire at the capitol. Ella W Puritan dress read one of Louise Hvde.in J M- - Alcott's sunshiny poems a delighjn tfully characteristic way. Edith R.Lovsey read Longfellow's poem to the flowers, in a most charming style, while bedecked becomingly in fresh and beautiful flowers. She made a pleasant picture to the eye and her voice is full of sweetness. Helen Vilate Kimball as Lady, Elizabeth Montague, made quite an imposing appearance, richly dressed, her tall stately figure showed to good advantage as a woman No one was able to of rank and title. guess her identity, .not even when she read quotations, from author's "Letters from the Dead." Of this lady who was born 1720 and died in 1800 the poet Cowper said: - . in-ver- y r -- F , this-celebrat- ed The birds puf oil their every hu To dress a room for Moutague. ee s in-fe- rn co-in-ciden- cej - set-sle- " -- ta - , -- : Epitaph" that She was even more popular than her illustrious kinswoman. Lady Mary Wort-l- y Montague, whom it is said suffered by the comparison cf her letters with those of Ladv ElizabethDr: Romania B. Pratt, in heavy, rustling silk, her beautiful hair in natural curls so exactly like the portrait of Felicia Dorothea Hemans as we see her in books with fan and reticule and scroll, making a complete study of the character, read one of the sweetest poems written by this favorite author. Miss Pearl Russell as L,ady Claire, in simple gown with a rose in her hair, repeated a verse from that charming poem of Tennyson's, and looked as timid and as sweet as. the Lady Claire herself possibly could had she Aimee stenned out from the boem. cnnier, nanasomeiyaressea, represeuicu the "Scarlet Letter," in a style new and unique, and her reading was excellent, as well as her chosen selection. a beautiful Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, with r r t t. ' I ...inlT t t aress 01 DiacK siik emrainey ana uuw"6 sleeves of glistening white that might nave Deen wings ot angels, so airy n - 1 " -- :ermg-tnev-wer&r-carrvi- O - - ng-in - - J . ..a " c'-- hand a luxuriant bunch of chrysantne-- 4 mums, and accompanied by her two daughters, Olea and Ellis, on either side ' as maids of honor, made a splendid PJC" ture of the Queen of Sheba, and as she ' gaye the quotation held up first the of real flowers, and then the artificial, akinp- whiVh was the true anu which the false, and adding the half had not been told, overcome as it were witn. the splendor and magnificence ot Solo. boa-qu- et R. K. THO MAS DRY 67,-69- ,' 71 Main SL-Sait-LakA GOODSCa r.itu WE. ARE IN OUR NEW. STORE, and solicit your patronage. as much as Dossible for vour monv -- ' .1 iau ...WW. ' We ,aim 0 give Juu. 111 - ; mon's Court. to be continued. '- - ' 