3 : Joseph 'Smith the Prophet of the Lord trattord branch. Lfii:.:.;. nrroftr with 'whom she was personally acquaintjvcucj ouueiroraniztd Uctober 8. 1907' ed and could speak irom. her own experiLeah Beus Pres. Bessie Ureapes Sec. Re- and observation. Sister ence Emmeline net bociety organized in Harthford.New-castl- e 11 Wells offered the opening. ' prayer: Conference, Euzibeth Allison Pres Excellent music was also furnished for Margaret M. Spark Sec. In Carlisle Newthrs meeting, and the spirit ot the Lord castle Conference Relief Society organized was manifest throughout the services, the tannic Walker Pres., Miss Sarah J. Wet-tersdrawback that there was not being only Sec. sufficient time for many vvho desired to al ' At 2 p. m. in the Assembly Hall, on the same day, Monday. Oct. 7th, the quinquennial meeting of this great society of women, that extends all over the word (almost in every land and clime) was hild and important business transacted. This meeting is for all the women of the Society and all who are interested in it even A brief review if they are not members. of the work of the Society at home and abroad is given and much that is not so speak. - tk r;u t' our High Council spoke' on now the example set for children always remained with them. President read a nirt of a letter from a member of tht Church in Louisiana who is sick. A resolution was adopted for the Relief Society to" help the afflicted family. t rs LyIMA - to the sisters generally is gone, over that the members may know what is.being accomplished and for what purposes, and how the means entrusted to the General Society is used for the public welfare of the society at large. RELIEF SOCIETY VORK ABROAD. One of the members of the Board of Directors or General Board of the Relief Society as it is perhaps better understood, Sister Romania B'. Penrose, is now so- journing abroad, and since she left home last January she has been doing active work among the sisters in Great Britain, Ireland and ScotlandSister Penrose has assisted President C. W. Penrose and other Elders, presidents of conferences or local brethren in organizing nineteen branches of the Relief Society and in reorganizing some others. In the Irish conference there are two branches, one in Dublin with Wilhelmnia Baker president, and Babette Retz secretary. In Belfast, Maud Ditty, presiIn dent, Agnes Anderson secretary. North London, London Conference R. S. ! R. Crafts Pres., A- - M. Stevens Sec. In the Liverpool Conference there are two branches of the Relief Society organized the Blackburn, Sarah Grayson Pres. Elizabeth Ann Haworth Sec Accrington, Mary H.Grimshaw Pres. Ada Watson Sec-Ithe Grimsby Conference there are two branches of the Relief Society. One in Hull, Annie Elizabeth Crafts Pres. Lil ian Maud Thomas Sec In York, Alice Day - n Pres. Gertrude Harrow Ainlie Sec Lei- cester Branch, Nottingham Conference Sarah Jackson Pres. Lilian B. Hunt Sec Bristol branch, Bristol Conference, Mary Ann Jane Caswell Pres. Ada Capel Sec. Snt ffield branch, Sheffield Conference Annie Eliza Shaw Pies. Annie M. Wright Tieas. Name of Sec not given. Worksip Sheffield Conference Lucy Fretwell Pres. Rosd Cockfngs Sec Hde Branch Man-cester Conference Sarah Jine Rowbottom Pres. Edith Morgan Sec. Norwich, Nor-- " wich Conference Elizabeth Southgate Pres. Alice Bunell Sec From. all of these we have received statistical and financial reports, but these are all newly organized and it is due to Sister Penrose efforts that these reports have been sent in. There is also a financial repjrt ahd let ter from Berlin, and we just received in the MillenniaLStar reports a.RdieLSociety organized at Stratford more recently. h RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. f irllO - The Teton Stake Relief Society Conference convened at Diigs June 23, 1907. President Sophia E. Riby presiding. One visitor, Mary C Lambert from the General Relief Sjciety. There were seven of the Stake Board present, fifty local officers and members and a good repre- sentation the Priesthood. After the preliminary exercises President Sophia E. Rigby delivered the opening address and welcomed, those present- - ine loiiowing wards were then reported: Victor, by Counselor Vilate Wilson-Pratt- , by President Hannah Stevens. Driggs, by Counselor Mary Fairbanks. Clawson, by President Mary Henry; ..The reports showed that an interest was being manifest by the Relief Society llIO rwtxmn t fV-llr- -l C .' t T J. 1 and members of the Board- - The remarks of Sister Lambert were very much appreciated and we hope she will soon visit us again. ' . . UINTAH STAKE. The Relief Society Conference (also the Annual Conference) was held in the New Stake Tabernacle at. Vernal, August 26, 19x57. President Sarah M. Colton pre? siding. . There were present with us Sisters Emma S. Woodruff and Annie Wells Cannon of the General Board from Salt Lake City. There were also several brethren of the Priesthood and a good resisters. After the usual presentation opening exercises President Sarah M. Colton welcomed the sisters, and spoke of the completion of the tabernacle. She reported her work and gave a short history of the Relief Society from the first settlement of this valley until the present -- workers. Sister Mary C. Lambert of the General Society spoke earnestly of the interest that should be manifest in the rising generation; and the storing of grain was spoken of and the necessity of it, also of time.' General and local officers were sustained, the divine mission of Joseph the Prophet. -, also' outPresident Sophia E. Rigby gave an a financial report of the Stake Board line of the work being done in the. stake. was read. We had reports from the following prePresident D. C Driggs of the Teton Stake spoke of the spirit of inspiration sidents: Saints while Hannah Odekirk, Vernal.Relief Society. that comes to Latter-da- y Phoebe Hisk p, Maeser Relief Society. to an account of the life and labors of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Mary J. Hards, Glines Relief Society. Counselor Alice Billings, Jensen Relief J. D. Kilpack, jr., of the Stake Presi' dency spoke of the great work that was Society. Counselor Adella Hunting, Naples Re- -, done by the Prophet Joseph. lief Society. . The afternoon session of the conference A Duet, was given from Glines Relief was the largest since the stake has been Society by Miss Effie Johnson and Bro. organized. Frank Thomas. The first was a lecture, ''Noblest MisLecture by Annie K. Bartlett, entitled sion of Woman," by Lizzie H- - Durrant. "Duty of parents to children." Ottilia Holden sang a Solo, "Show me Emma Woodruff addressed the congrethe Way O Father." gation touched on childrens rights, and Haden was reported by Prest- Martha the work of the Relief Society, advised Little'; Cache by President Mary A. the sisters to gather grain in the time of Swensen. harvest, she read the remark? of Presia Ella and Irma Wilson Rigby sang; dent Joseph F. Smith to the Relief So- -' 'Come Holy Spirit. Duet, ciety given at Salt Lake City Conference, Counselor Susie M.Wilson of the Stake advised the sisters to do all the good posBoard spoke of having the spirit of our sible, bore her testimony to the truthful' work to make it a success .. ' ness of the gospel. MCounselor Sylvia Thompson spoke Sister Annie Wells Cannon spoke of. of the importance of Relief Society work the teachers' cjuties in the Relief Sjciety and of the broad field that it covers. and the character one should have; to Emma Fairbanks gave a lecture, He- avoid all back biting, advised the young redity and prenatal influence:" women to jjin the Relief Society, warned C- - Lambert gave valuable inMary mothers not to send their daughters to Relief of structions for the advancement the cities to work with out proper care," the of also ; spreading spoke Society work urged the storing of wheat,and the im- nobleness of the and of truths the Gospel p0rtance of the privilege of equal suffr- cm. wno are iu iuc 01 the missionaries age to women. Patriarch John Leatham spoke of the President Colton announced officers the the and cuveiiant pattern at the close of this meeting, admarriage meeting young people should follow, the Patriarch journed until evening at 7:30 to meet at also gave a blessing to the Relief Society Vernal Ward House. workers. Singing and Benediction, ; E der Geo. S. Young of the btake re- Evening Session. Opened by singing sidency spoke ot the invoniy mai and Prayer. - First on the programs lec- taken hold ot some ot tne young pcupic. . lis-teni- ng , . - ' - I P. S. In the evening the Stake Board gave the Preliminary Program for the Uriggs Y. M. and Y. L. M. I A. The : TETON STAKE MKR, il$ecretary - well known . - . i. 9 