WOMAN'S EXPONENT. There was excellent music and a favor- - 1 that h'Vv Co J"- mnrl-,r;,ii:ki:- .' i vvunaciur riyue' pian.. appropriate compliment-- J ... .l ilrniifnt -snppr.h. vprv fitfinor c ..v aryanu u1u:rv...-r:i ne music was de- - After the reading, President F. M. Ly man in a comprehensive statement moved U r U1C uuopuon oi tne document nn py. - grind a.i occasion. pression of the principles and policy of the K.rhn'ul, especially by Church, and Elder John Henry Smith Master son Clifford Clive,,hia Pjrof. ac: seconded the motion in a few n on him the There piano. cornpanying words, and President Smith called upon and one all poems,, original who favored the adoption of thead-dres- s Wafe speeches ' Old Friends and Comrades" by Emme-.Jin- e to arise to their feet. In response, B. Wells, and songs and hymns, etc., nearly every person in the congregation all of. was the short of best the arose but speech and before putting the negative President Joseph F. Smith in which, afvote, the President stated that .the adof his deal a acdress great boyhood was only for the consideration of ter telling his Aunt with Bathsheba and Church members and, if there was any quaintance f hr remaTtable life, he closed by sayipresent who were not in sympathy with if he be he' he the might hoped pardoned contents of the paper', they also should ng of a Shakespeare-on-maarise. saying No one. responded and the motion paraphrased was declared to have been carried using the word woman instead: u "Winder oiicil-op?ned with an -- the-violin-pla- ' yed well-chose- -- n, Fler life was gentle; and the elements So mix'd in her, that Nature miht stand up, And say to all the world This is a woman! President Smith could not have given a higher tribute than in these lines. Elder John Henry Smith's speech early mine evening was a glowing inouie 10 his Aunt Bathsheba and to his father's memory, President George A. Smith who died over thirty years ago. There are so many things we wish to write of and have not the space to devote to, that we have concluded to mention them briefly in order to let the sisters know, that they deserve a place and a more elaborate notice than can be given at this time, but they are chronicled Tn the hearts of those who participated in the enjoyment of these notable social affairs, that help the busy seriously-intewomen to have a few hours respite now and then, Susa Young Gates, President of the Daughters of the Pioneers was hostess at a dinner given March 15, 1907 in the historic Lion House to the officers of the soof honor the ciety, and as special-gues- ts two honorary presidents were invited. Bathsheba W. Smith and Emmeline B. Wells. It is needless to say the affair but the most was in everyway enjoyable feature was the after-dinnspeech of the hostess, commending the efficient work of her assistants with such tact and skill in the use of language, that it would have puzzled the most brilliant woman there to haVe made a fitting res- Lizzie Thomas Edward sang .some of her very choicest selections. and .. was in excellent voice. President B. W. Smith herself responded in a few words expressing her appreciation of the love of friends, and of the Gospel and her desire that we might prove faithful and true to its teachings, blessing us all with peace, The exercises closed with a benediction by Apostle George A. Smith. , . SEVENTY - SEVENTH ENCE. The nt ANNUAL CONFER- up-to-da- te, er . annual conference of the Church was one of very great importance marking a milestone in Church history in the line. of progress, by the issuing of an Epistle to trie world that set forth in plain terms the views of the Latter-da- y Saints truthfully, and it would seem that all honest men and women rai?ht receive without oreludice suchla-d statement, in the spirit ci sincerity m which it had been prepared. The conference opened on the 5th of AprilXnd closed on the afternoon the 7th Throughout the entire session a spirit of brotherly love was strik-mgl- y apparent and the large and crowded The congregations sat as if spirit o( unity and of charity seemed to Pervade eyery heart, and the insructions Mre all of an uplifting tendency. -The music furnished by the choir seemed to accords harmoniouslywithLthe seventy-sevent- h ponse. A very enjoyable Easter party was givLion House, en March 2Q.in the Sister Clarissa S. Williams, the president nf the Relief Society of the Salt Lake far-fame- straight-forwar- spell-boun- d. sPint of thp C Witt vi VliVV) Uii ?ay when - V1A w the President announced in clos- mi his intensely interesting discourse the , Presentation of a document, that had been epared by the First Presidency and the jostles and stated that it would be md Wider Orson F. Whitney for the acceptance or rejection of the members of lQe Church thri'f titativestatemenL, med to :theJ. words thrill the assembly and to .the momentous history of ast events t0 memory some of e" asions in-th- jrt;ie3-,n-fprnsrand"vello- Uduuuiu rib -- -- r or Hattie.. BcHarker. acting, as . chairman, the Presidenrof-th- e Stake, EJder Nephi L. Morris, giving her valuable assistanceMany exquisite tlowers vytre used in dec- - orating, and baskets of roscr and carnations ornamented the center table. The program of speeches, recitations and musical numbers was very finely rendered, Miss Edna Harker's humorous selection well done and elaborately applauded; many heartfelt encomiums of praise and commendation were given Mrs. Williams; an original poem by Hattie C. Jensen was one of the pleasing exercises. The remarks by President Joseph Ir. Smith were inspiring and particularly affectionate towards his cousin Clarissa. Other speakers paid tributes to the guest oLhonor; glowing the music was exceptionally fine; refreshments were dainty and appetizing. At the close of the party a great surprise was sprung oh Sister Williams by the presentation of a pretty basket of exquisite flowers by the Relief Society Stake officers and on examining the contents, a dainty little box was found in the center, which contained an elegant brooch with diamond setting, a surrounded with pearls. was-.speciall- i ' y , sun-bur- st PEACE MEETINGS- - The interest of the world in peace and arbitration and the desire to "bring about the good time so long foretold when men shall learn war no more, seems to be greater this year than ever before. The people are becoming aware that the sentiment can.be disseminated through public gatherings in addition to the press. The National and International Councils of Women and other large organizations have been making great efforts along this line of work for peace ever since these associations were organized, through peace committees in all the affiliated so- The Relief Society, the largest organi-- z Latter-da- y Saint women; and the Y. L. M. I. A have held meetings annually thoroughout these organized asso ciations ever since May, 1899, and the influence must have been, realized in the : various communities. This year an additional interest has been awakened, and thevpovernor called a meeting in this city, one object of wliich was to organize a Peace Society- for the State. Tnis will be a step onward we trust in educating the masses, and those of all faiths and creeds, the public " 7.; The meeting called by Governor John C. Cutler, was held in the large Taber nacle in this city, Sunday, May 19, 1907, at vao p. m The.Governor himself pre siding. The Tabernacle choir furnished music. Dean Brewster offered the invocation, and Governor Cutler made the opening address, in which he said:, "I do not need to tell you that Utah and. its 4 - . gen-erall- y. : the bons attached with a card indicating conthe seat of each guest However versation was5 lively and the courses so by pretty dainty and numerous (served little little school girls) that there was came time for guessing; but the surprise one when the nest was reached and each out-- a is people. standfjrpeaceand-tHaLwa- r found the'ribbon of her card brought with. a Pieture on it. Uncle abhorent to them. And I have called you "nest-egg- " one together inorder that this fact which you Joseph Young used to; say, every W : itiOn of con-tain- ed w nVlarisaa-SrWiiliaios.-her-Counsel- " cieties- d Stake, the accomplished hostess; her mother. Sister. Susan E. Smith, seated. near her and her hufsband, Utah Senator, W. N. Williams, occupying a seat of honor a man of liberal views; and as well as his wife, a great favorite- .- The party was her associate given as a compliment to members of the Board. Among her large circle of friends.special guests were.Prest. The B. W. Smith and E. B. Wellstable decorations were unique, and the.la-die- s werecuriousto know what was in the pretty ornamental basket ctnnd in the center of the table filled -Willi .lu nest-egg;- " . EDITORIAL NOTES. Sister . ri.!" improved so af this and the. affair was, a brilliant success. b' A birthday party was given April 20, 1907, by the Relief Society officers of the Salt LakeStake in honor of theirPresi- had a " ' 