The Ballot in the hands of the Womn of Utah should h ' a Power to Utter the Home, the Hate and 'the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, MAY, 1907. VoK'35 No. 9 CQNTvN.TR, HUhsbeba W. SmitbriWitlf Portraits! Zmmeline Stake -- Wells 65 Mother's Work :To6ele .77T7. .7. . .................. Xotes a nd N e w ."' Annual Day, March 17, ,1907 66 66 In Memoriatn..... Relief Societv Reports: 67 67 H Hyrura Stake Uintah Slake 7 71 Union S?ake. Xebo Stake Maricopa Stake Afton, Wyoming Editorial: 1 he Officers of the Relitf Society President Bathshtba W. Smith Years Young Eighty-Fiv- e " 7i' 72 72 72 6S 6S Annual Conference.... 6q .... 69 Peace Meetings..... General Conference- of the Relief '....1.;..:.-.- . 70 Society. .......... ....... 69 Editorial Notes Poetry: Brine Floweis ........ Lydia D. Alder 65 Woman, The Missionary.....- '........Grace Ingles Frost 66 Life and Death....... ......Ernest Crosby 67' . V. 67 Unkissed Children Seventy-Sevent- h ' B A THSHEBA W. SMITH. - The pictures on this page speak for themselves, one taken in the prime of life the other at an. advanced age. Among the noble women of Zion who have attained honor and distinction in this Latter-dadispensation, the subject of this brief sketch stands Born of goodly parents in one of the most beantiful country places in old Vir ginia her mind was inclined to love that which was good; virtue, honesty and truthfulness; as a child she was of a religious tendency and attended to secret prayers, and it has been "a habit all her life; she was also of a cheerful and happy disposition, which she has ever retained; she thoroughly enjoyed her home life and its natural advantages and freedom, its simple yet dignified environments. In the home, which was a typical domestic one, she was taught housewifery in all its departments; for in those early days besides plain housework all the "arts and crafts" were taught in the household, such as carding, spinning, weaving, both wool and flax, and in Southern homes, cotton; and embroidfine sewing ery were among the accomplishments of the young ladies, as well as singing, dancing and playing old style musical instruy pre-emine- nt. . BRING FLOWERS ring flow'rs, but to the living; Hearts bleed and die for love One blossom pure and simple, A kindly thought will prove. As lain revives the roses, That droop 'neath summer's beat. So fill a brighten, Be sorrows e'er so deep. i love-thoug- ht The living need the flowers; Bring one, if only one; Or if it be a hand clasp, 'Twill cheer like to the sun. Withhold not. till death freezirg The heart that cries in pain, Hath stilled its cry forever-T- hen flowers are in vain. -- For closed eyes can see not. Though we be dim with grief; Then tell them, while yet living, Of fa'th in them belief. The drooping life 'twill stengthen warm and fast; With heart-beat- s The burden will be lighter, The trials soon o'erpast. hem-stitchi- ng -- ments- Miss Bigler ; e'en though 'tis fading, in Gift a darken'd room, Spreads fragrance with its beauty Dispels the densest gloom. The sun may shine tomorrow Across a grave of flowers And yet the silent sleeper Heeds not these gifts of ours. A flow 'r , - Then bring a tiny blossom, If love be in thine heart Twill cause the tears to trickle, T:Relieve the.cmel smarts zizlZZ'L' A fervent prayer to heaven Will soar on wings of love, Rise to the shining portals . . Your treasure up above. " ' Thus are we oaid for giving Fof gifts alone live on; Love's flowers unfaded, glowing Bloom 'fore the Eternal Throne. Oh, happy, then the mortal. r ' " -- Who of his store gives free! every where Love's off Flow'rs of Eternity. rine;s-fair.-bloo- Lvdia D. Alder. fond of outv door life,and flowers(she has always cultivated) trees, groves and streamlets, and all. the hills and dales around her father's farm far and near were familiar to her, and she took pleasure in rambling oyer them on horseback; when a young irl she was an expert and fearless rider, and this healthful exercise together with her home training developed in her those strong characteristics of endurance that are exceptional among women. Her early life seems to have been a fitting preparation for her future usefulness; not only as a wife and mother, but for the many public positions of various kinds she has been called at different times to fill, during , her long and eventful career. girlher in early Acrentinjr the Gospel .hood, she became convinced, through an onewpr tn heroravers. mar. msepn ouihu. J was aProph'et of Book of Mormon was a divine record. as a girlr-w- as -- -- Strange indeed that there in the dear home she should meet as a minister of the Gospel, the man whowas destined to be her future lover, and husband, and after-War- d through that subtle intuition or shall one say, the spirit of prophecy she was conscious of the mutual attraction. The Bigler family were converted to the truth and sold the homestead so dear to them all, and journeyed by team to Missouri, the gathering place of the Saints at that time. . It was in the 'days of the most severe persecutions.; Sister Bathsheba is a living witness of many of those dreadful tragedies. In 1840, the family moved to - Nauvoo, Illinois, where the Prophet Joseph was then; located, and there Sister Bathsheba had such opportunities of hearing the Prophet Joseph, as it is our opinion no one else now living, V has enjoyed. On the 25th of July, 1841, she was married to George A. Smith, a favorite cousin of the Prophet, and the youngest member of the Twelve Apostles. Then the dream of her girlhood realized for this union was a perfect one, and she was buoyantly happy, as the beloved wife and companion of an honored and favMrs. ored Apostle and leader in Israel. George A. Smith was eminently qualified for the place she occupied ; she had the womanly reserve of manner and the good taste in dress that won the admiration of all, and adds to the dignity of womanh- . , .'' ood,;-'-; ;;7":-r: .r vr We know whereof we speak when we say, she was greatly admired by Brig- - ham Young, and he was a man of most excellent judgment of people.: She was . always invited by him on great occasions. It may be thought frivolous in the writer , to tell these things, but though Sister Bathsheba occupies at the present time, (and has for many years) an exalted place among the sisterhood oFthe Church, yet" she is withal a womanT with" ideas, feel- ings, sentiments and attachments like others of her fellow associates, therefore one may be pardoned in writing of her as "Our President. if reference be made to her womanly qualities. Sister Smith was privileged to minister in the holy ordinances of the House of, the When Lord in the Temple in Nauvoo. admmisthe sacred ordinances wereiirsf . 