ii 4 . ,f.;ul!" f WOMAN'S EXPONENT- - - It will not' depart from them in afterlife. (c)t is a safeguard agivst plenty. poverty, andan insurance of them to NecessTy-6training dark clouds and turn - away wrath, that Why? (d) value of money the good that at times threaten to mar our home peace realize the might be accomplished with itthat they How does cheerfulcares and trials and wSuuis of life as rap idly as the sun does snow? (0 Illustrate how smiles and mild answers will disperse (b) omy, f -- piece was rendered by the sisters American Fork 1 st ward," "entitled 'Count 1: : your blessings." President Standring made' a few excel- -' cellent opening remarks. Four presidents gave good reports of their various wards. Good conditions and a spirit of inquiry seemed to be and happiness, (g) a desire to spend it in fjriv- have will not and physically? ness invigorate, mentally oloua things that could be done witnoui. it northeimportantrduty theTrreep" (hrir Saints in. particular,, to be M ExDlain how method of performing in thleKeartsofattended. Latter-da- y work will economize time, (f) Importance ings are better cheerful, and scatter, generously smiles of Counselor Annie C Hindley, this the' precious .moments and improving Cor. words? (II 97.) and .encouraging vvas given to us that we might help time-Gohargiven us. not wasting-th"each other. We fully "appreciate" thir ' ; Greenville R. S. Lesson X; Worry. : We are not perhaps always Alice Gunn White. Mary A. White, ,blessing. "It is not the work, but the worry, the best we can, but our desires are That makes us sober and sad; E. ParkinClarissa Frances L, Jones, ' to do right. That makes us narrow and sordid, ; Committee. . and son, be should we glad, cheery When Song, "Sometime, somewhere" by Miss Edith Hindley. "It is not the work, but the worry, That makes the world grow old, President Stephen L. Chipman said, That numbers the years of its children, RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. the instructions given were . from the Ere half their story is told." ALPINE STAKE. proper spirit. Found we were below the effect it? Its is (b) what fa) Worry We have The quarterly conference of theRelief average with other stakes. chilthe (c) Upon the parents, upon of Alpine Stake was held in the fewer missionaries in the field. Our mis Society associates, our (e) Upon (d) dren, sionaries should be strong in body and in 2nd ward chapel American Fork Friday, Name some of the causes of worry, (f) President Rebecca Stand-ringood 'health. Where the young man has How does.it affect us physically, and men- April 19, 1907. proved a failure in. the mission field he Opening exercises. presiding." of fruits the are fretting, What (g) tally? was pleased to see was a failure before he went; President repining and useless complaining? (h) and welcomeStandring Sister Sina Chipman of the Stake Board the sisters. Noticed that Can worry deepen the lines of care on the sisters were Here from our fartherest wards spoke of the unity there is among the sifface, rob the form of its grace and elas- while some nearer home had excused ters. "Let us commence in our homes ticity, and take the sparkle and lustre. themselves. We should be earnest in and see what can be done with the chifrom the eyes? (i) Show how it antici-We have four conferences ldren. When we are doing good to others our work. pates and magnifies evils that never come, each year and twelve conjoint meetings we are helping ourselves. (j) Is it work or worry that drives away and have Brother Ammon Mercer of Canada felt much to encourage us onward. sleep and causes us to toss and tumble on We have entered our 68th year since our to appreciate the privilege of meeting old our beds.unfitting ourselves for the duties time friends, rejoiced in attending conferfirst organization. of today? (k) Is vorryinga habit particence and seeing the spirit of unityr and ad-- e - sisters -- can C2 ' Jb Th overit be can If en withTw'om so, j ularly an vancement, knew the Lord was tavonng dvrfcr and thus-se- t come: and how? (I) Ought care and sor- nether in familv he'a'd of the of the' housev row to be accepted as inevitable and the example to the V , the principle of prayer in the hearts Saints.necessary discipline of life? (m) Show plant Solo, "Star of the East" by Sister Laura hovi patient resignation and being thank- of the children for the children cannot ful that things are no. worse, and letting be saved through the good works, of the McCarty. Sister Emily Bullock bore her . our thoughts go out to others mpre un- parents felt thankful for the Relief Society Four of the wards were reported by fortunate, restore peace and thankfulness Desired to to the disturbed soul and drive away the their respective presidents. All seem to for in it are the best women. we would be in good running order, officers united, set a good example and hoped evil spirit of worry and discord. teachers doing their duty and all working all be faithful to the end. Adamsville R. S. in harmony.' Much has been dune during Bishop Fjeld of Lehi, Mthe work is the past year in building meeting houses growing and it cannot be put down. Now Lesson XI. Charity. wilf make (a) Definition. (Ref.:' Book of Mor- in which work the sisters have done a the Church is out of debt it rapid strides." (b) Importance.. good share besides taking care of the poor, mon, Moroni 7: .) Ellen D. Clarke of the Stake Board felt (c.) Christ gathering grain and numerous other duties (I Peter 4: 3; I Cor. 13: Spoke we had had a time of rejoicing. our great exemplar in charity and com- devolving upon them. President "his H. Clarke excelin a of blessing Jas, tithing and that there was passion, expressed in healings, raising lent remarks of manv the sisters attending the observance of this principle. said, the dead, restoring sight and hearing, - to lateleave it too the lessons they Rosalie Driggs of the Stake Board felt get cleansing lepers, rebuking evil spirits, and releasing sinners- - (Ref.: John 11: 11:44; could have had in early life. President proud of the Alpine Stake and knew the Matt-8- : (d) Show Joseph F. Smith would like to see women work was true, had learned much irom Luke;?: how we can manifest our charity toward of vigor and strength take hold of Relief being a member of the Relief Society. President Standring, "the Lord had mankind, (e) Feeding the hungry and Society work. There are many .who never blest us and repaid us for coming together clothing the naked is not the highest type get the spirit and benefit of the instruc If the teachers could for we have had an overflow of the spirit of. charity it is only a temporary relief; tions given here. self-hecarry the spirit of these meetings to those of the Lord. Singing, "Lord dismiss us. while to provide ways and means for is a permanent blessing, (f) Show who cannot attend, it would be a great Benediction, Sister Rachel Hunter. how one drags down to pauperism, and help. Conference adjourned for three months. and manBishop Storrs. realized that the Relief the other develops Emma Featherstone, was of one the greatest organizabetween Society hood, (g) Explain he difference : in tions the Church, and what they do is charity and benevolence. . a success;-spokof the word of always RELIEF SOCIETY NURSE CLASS. Lesson XII. Home Economy. ; wisdom, and many other good things. - 'Economy is the magic door Meeting closed by singing, etc. The several stakes of Zion are hereby That leads to wealth's accumulated store," Afternoon Session at 2 o'clock. Presinotified that the" Relief Society Nurse (a) Show the benefits of children. be- dent Standring presiding. Singing. Prayer ing trained while young in habits of econ by- - President .Abel J. Evans. A select Class for this year will begin in September with. the first session of the L. D. S. University. The important work is under the aus-pices of the general Board of the Relief ; Lake City, Utah. 67, 69, 71 Main St., Society, who desire the earnest of all ward and stake presidents. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE, of-al- lr ex-jst- ed the-peoplera- nd . so-ci- ty e ' , d . ; do-Jn- g: . . . ; , , g 1 L cir-childrn- -to-- - 1 " testi-mbn- yi 45-48- 1-- 3,) 12-1- 28-32- 5; .) lp - self-respe- ct . " e . -- " ''' R.K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. -- Salt as much as possible for your money. "TRY co-operat- US Ellis . - - ion R. Shipp, M. D., - Instructor. J 