H 66 tcred here, she was called to officiate, and j that have been erectch f Jn all the Temples vales she has partici-patedi- n in these mountain this sacred-work- . - There is no woman living that has such ' When the a. record in this line of work. Salt Lake Temple, was opened for ordinances, after the dedication, she took first place, (Sister Zina D. H. Young, who had. precedence, being unavoiuauiy she has. ud to this date, never been away from her post one day in. all au-QntVn- nd (1 W about the miracle of feeding them,,!.: ' tude. (St. John VI Chap.), (d) ouier niirLicic wds ycnurinea on the Sabbath day? Lecture VII. His Miracles (continued) (a) Relate the miracle in which Jesus made the blind man to see. (St. John touched"! nf " ben . " ";i s nnP " minv uraii ffiMt ot Simple lauu; tn - 11.1i.' HUl. liiU .nil li-- 1 1 ir . i:,-- . u-n- r Hath noVthe'rnMA'of many a godlessi one nwuK4.v, Keen caused to turn uacic 01 me wnn-uwUuto the time when it iij inmcer.ee Had learned to pray be ide a mQtUer s knee, And thus ic locking back awakened into life. ". The higher, better self. And awed it to reflect c n what mt.'ht be? Full mauy a'dwrjiaih woman's "and unfastened, v . no- v.ar"H.T man's bold knrck resist. A iu 1niglxi.have.J0r.all iiaicsinc. beeiu! "c!?'Lr To gospel trutn. Hud HimiPii not been called unto the field. ' ' . " IX Chap.) (b) Tell of Jesus raisinsn rn fr flnm'hfpr trnm fhp tfn IX Chap.) (c) Relate" the raisin - - -- , B. What was God's testimony to the disciples, at this time? (d) Tell the people? (c) most beautiful passage in the discourse on humility and forgiveness. (Matt. XVIII Chap.) (d) Tell. of the feast of the tabernacle where it was held, how long it lasted. (St. John VIII Chap.J Lecture XI. The last Supper. (a) Tell of the feast Qf the passoyer, Why was it instituted? (Ex. XII Chap., verses), (b) Relate the events of the last supper. (Matt. XXIV Chap ) (c) When and where was the sacrament instituted, By wiom was Jesus betrayed! (d) Describe Jesus' prayer in the garden of Gethsemane. (e) How and where was Jesus at last arrested. Tell the story of work? Wells. of the-laborer- s? f I- - Hmmrune iL uazarus. Lecture VIII. The Parables. (a) Relate the parable of the Sower (b) What lesson 'does the parable of the tares teach? (c) What do. you understand from the parable-o(d) Relate the parable of the ten virgins! Lecture IX. The Parables (continued). (a) Relate the parable of the good Samaritan, (b) Tell the parable of the great (c) Relate the parable of the supper. piecelof silver, (d) What do you understand from the parable of the prodigal son? (e) What can we learn from the parable of the unjust steward? Lecture X. The Transfiguration. (a) Tell who was with Jesus at the time of His transfiguration. (b) How long were they to wait before telling it to the these fourteen years, since May22. 1893, She has ministered to thousands and tens of thousands of the daughters of Zion, MOTHERS' WORK. who rise up and calf her blessed. STAKE RELIEF SOCIETY. Atter the deatnpt our aeany oeiuveu General President, of the Relief Society The life of the Savior. of the Church, Zina D..H. Young. Sister Bathsheba V. Smith was appointed to The Nativity. Lesson fill the place of General President oyer (a) Relate the circumstances which hapthe Relief Society in all the world. Like prior to the birth of our Savior, her illustrious husband, who was never pened (b) Who wasJiis.Mother, and where was late, and never away from his post of duty he born? (See Matt I Chap.) (c). Tell except by sickness, she has been present what other great man were born about and presided at every General Confer- the same time that Jesus was-- (d) Relate ence of the Society, and at every meeting some of the customs in vogue at the time of the Board ot Directors, during ner term of our Savior's birth- of office, which commeuced in November, Lecture II. The childhood of our Sa1901. No more fitting encomium of her life could be written than the fpllowing vior. quotation from the Bible: "Give her of (a) Why were Joseph and Mary at "the fruits of her hands and let her own Bethlehem at that time? (b) Relate the works praise her within the gates." visit of the wise men and what jjuided them to the birthplace, and why they did A PORTRAIT. not return to the king, (c) Of what A queenly woman, statuesque and grand lineage was the promised Savior to be. in in mar courteous command, Real ner, Matt, nth chap. (d) At what time did Of reverential presence, and her face, Jesus first speak of doing his Father's Radiantly fair, beaming with hope and grace, Her valiant life one long, sweet symphony, Of duty, love, and soulful harmony. h fi.. . ? Lecture III. John the Baptist as a forerunner of Christ. (a) Tell what the ancient Prophets said about a forerunner of Christ, (b) When was John ordained to the ministry? (c) When and by whoTi was John baptized? (d) What relation were John and Jesus to each other? (St. Luke I Chap.) (e) Where did John make his home when he became a man? (f) How old was John when he, Peter's three fold denial of the Savior. began his ministry? (g) Why did the Lecture XII. The Crucifixion and RJews believe in John's ministry? (h) In esurrection. . J what way did John prepare the way for Christ's mission? (a), Relate the incidents of His crucifixion and the fulfilling of the prophesy of Lecture IV. Baptism and Temptation. Isaiah, (b) Tell His last words on the 30 WOMAN, THE MISSIONARY . (Dedicated to Sister Laura Bennion, who has recently dtpaned on a mission to the Northern States. ) - BY GRACE INC.LES FROST. Woman, thou who ait so weak, and yet so strong. Where upon the battle fields of life tiast tnou not stcocu . vAnd where may be the path The impress i.f thy fettZ i was mou who gave our that doth not bear ana savior nine; 'Twas onthy breast His rt posed; Beside thy knee His childish prayer was lisped. L-or- a infant-hea- ' d And when He upon the cross was hailed by those Tie came to save, Twas thou who longest at His feet didst weep, r Aye, an&Xvhile., within the sepulchre He.lay, ' Twas thou who first didst visit there. And unto thee it was that lie first spoke, When He had loosed the bands of death, And rose triumphant from the tomb. But though upon the fielcTThou didst appear As one who' acted well a mighty part, 'Twas not Thy right of heavenly thi Like unto Him Thy head, Until the Light of Heaven had pierced the. gloom That for loog years didst hover o'er the earth, And God 7 inJiisgreat 'Inercsuid' Jlii; love, Restored unto mankind the gospel plan - In all its fulness, v ngs-tcrpeak- , Behold the woman now. called to go forth With man unto the nations of the earth, Bearing gladsome tidings of great jo v Tcithose who, in the gloom of darkness-sit- . . And has she on this field of action, fatle.l Her part to do? Ask those with whom she labors side by side-Asthose who in afiliction's hour have felt ine comtort or ner Kingiy worn and deed ,ass: tnose wno ontne streets nave heard her voice Raised in defence of truth, or prayef to God. k " (a) Tell of Christ's baptism xand what happened at that time, (b) By whom was he baptized?-- . (Matt. Ill Chap.) (c) How old wasjesus when he was baptized? (d) Did Jesus feel that he would fulfill the popular expectation? (e) Relate his experiences in the wilderness. (Matt. IV Chap.) (0 What object did Satan have in trying to tempt Jesus? Lecture V. Christ's Ministry. (a) When was Jesus ready to begin his public work? (b) Where did he first appear after his temptation? (c) What did John testify regarding Jesus? (John I Chap.) (d) Tell the first recorded sign of Jesus power, (e) Name the 3 first disciples of Jesus. (John I Chap., c to A7 . verse.) cross. (Isaiah did He say to (d) Tell of His was His tomb stone removed, ed. (c) What the thieves on the cross? death and burial, (e) How sealed, (f) Tell of the LlirChap.) the resurrection 'r ;" proclaim- 7 Alice R: Woollev, President. - . NOTES AND NEWS. Baroness Alexandra Gripenberg received the largest vote of any candidate nominated forthe Parliament of Finland by the Old Finnish party. ' Senora Zelaya, wife of President f ya of Nicaragua, is said to have the idol of the Nicaraguan armyby her active service at the head of the Ked Lecture VI. His Miracles. , (a) Relate the Savior's first recorded miracle, (b) What did the Jews think when Jesus cured the man who hnd been 111,38 years, on the Sabbath day. ,(St John V Chap.) (c) " Tell what you can Bela- -- tT rvrt A 11 ri rvT made-hersel- Qh fi- -1 mione more than ko miles on muleback toreacn the scene of battle. 7 4 . 