He exercised His Jove and tenderness -- President Susannah P. Booth oresidinf towards every one. His daily duties present besides the stake Relief Society were made up of relieving the sick, the omcers, rresioent Stohl and W. UleenN. distressed ones, healing the afflicted- - He. C. Horsley of the Stake Presidenc y. comforted the poorthe, lowly, the downAfter opening exercises singing, prayer, cast and weary-hearteand those who etc.. Prest. S. P. Booth was thankful to had cause to mourn. He' knew the her Father for His blessings to griefs of the soul, the pains and her, Heavenly and sh e hacLa desire to do her duty. aches of the human heart, and the tempSaid the prophecies that had been givea tations which come to every one. were being - fulfilled. at some Through His dwn severe suffering He length on the Word of Spoke Wisdom; said if could feel for all of us. He taught us to we tried to live up to'the commandments love, pray for and forgive our enemies the Lord had us. He would bless the hardest thing for mortals to do- Yet us. urged the.given sisters to pay their tithes He taught us by example, and even were and offerings; also on the storing the last act of His life, for He healed of grain; had visitedspcke some of the associ-- , Judas' (His traitor's), ear. Then, when ations and found a good spirit prevailing, left entirely in the hands of His enemies, was pleased with the interest that was taking all their scoffs, scorn and mockery being taken in the "Mothers' Work." without a word or look of reproach.suffer-in- g May the Lord bless us and help us to do untold agonies, utterly forsaken by our duty. friends, it seemed He stood alone. Yet , Annie C Johnson. President of the He could look upon His enemies and first ward, Biigham City, reported the pray. "Father forgive them, d, sor-rowsa- nd - - for-the- She asked the Lord to "bless the Society that it may grow in strength ancl gpcd works. PresL Sophia Larsen of East Garland wondered if weappreciate the many good things we. hear from time to time, felt we often make excuses for not attending meeting. Spoke on the Word of. Wis- dom. felt it was for our good to keep it, and receive the promise given it weFeep the commandments of the Lctd.- A hvmn entitled "The Lord Imparted from, Above,' etc. ? was sung by Sister fartha Ensign. ' . Sister Emma Pratt. President of the Scandinavian association, said we all have a testimony that the Gospel is true and bore her testimony to the truth of the same; the Scandinavian sisters were still having good times together, they pay their donations, had emigrated recently' two sisters; when they hold their meetings their instructions were Word of Wisdom, tithing, and all things for the good of the sisters. . Counselor Emilia D. Madsen spoke on the Word of Wisdom, felt pleased with, the visiting committee, thought it would do much good in getting the people out to meetings; said a few words the Mothers work, and on her early experience and the trials she had to endure for the Gospel, said when our spirit is full of energy we want to do good, spoke against girls picking up acquaintances with strangers; felt it was a privilege to live in . this dav. Sister Lula B. Call read a letter to the sisters from Sister Wells, the General Secretary, explaining why the missionaries could not come. Counselor Mary. J, Harding knew the Gospel was true, spoke on the Word of Wisdom; thought we could keep it if we tried. She had enjoyed many blessings and was trying to overcome her weak- nesses, urged keeping our children home at night, referred to the Mothers work and the good it was to our j'oung moth' . '. . - Mothers' work, which was doing nicely. Felt to thank the Lcrd for the blessings He bestowed upon them in their labors. Charlotte W, Boden, President of the second ward, Brigham City, said the teachers visit His children always7 for He is our Savior the Word of quite regularly; spoke on Wisdom, and felt if we and our King. ; could live it, it would be for our good" Mary Berlin Johnson- Emma Lee, President of the third Huntsville, Utah. ward, Brigham City, said they had a good per cent who kept the Word of Wisdom; gave many good instructions on the same. Prest. Sarah J.Wilde of the fourth ward, A DREAM OF BURIED THINGS. Brigham City, reported the teachers visit I dream a dreamx)Lrosej quite regular, and were doing That perished long ago; work, were doing well in the Mothers Of hyacinths and mignonettes, Work.' Spoke some on the Word of WisAh. drea i of Urndertst regrets' dom. Felt well in the Relief Society Ah, morn of storm and snow! work of the Lord; urged work, and in the r all to try and overcome evil, and try to I dream a dream of childhood, do good they could. Though s Iverv my brow; I still am with the merry one, Sister Torbinson of Snowville: they A rnerrv partner now; had a good band of sisters, were doing Ah. dream of long forgotten tbing; well with their Mothers Work; Bad no Ah, perished moths of gau'ly wings! poor, but were all working and trying to William B. Chisuolm. do their duty to the best of their ability. Stake Counselor W. C. Horsley was ers. A duet was nicely rendered by Misses very pleased to see so many present, and Emma Stohl and Severena Madsen enti- find the attendance so good, 18 associ WHEN YOU COME HOME. ations being represented out of 20. Took- tied "Springtime of the Soul' up the subject of Word of Wisdomurged What gulden suns will gild the happv skies, Stake President Oleen N. Stohl was What incense from the meadow altas rise, all to' go to their Heavenly Father and nleased at the attendance of the confer- Whai h.mi-- fill all the groves with glad ask his help to keep it- - Spoke on having ence, felt the sisters were setting. a good : ; watchful care over our children and to example for the future, hoped the officers When you come home! set them good examples. of the stake were united, urged them to afConference adjourned until 2 p. m. hold their board meetings and have a How memory-bell- s will softly ring and rhyme and benediction. ter singing Amid the, dear oli ivied toweis of lime, thorough understanding on all things that exerafter As arm in arm we listen to their chime Afternoon session, opening was to come before their meetings. Gave When you come home! cises Prest Booth said we had a little his experience on reading at home, spoke change to make in the stake board, Sis- on dress and the disposition of our woAt Joy's bright festal board shall we sit down, ter Lettie Forsgreen having resigned as men to keep ipvfashion. Spoke on the And Mirth and Music, each wi h myrtle cron, corresponding secretary. Sister Lula B. Word of Wisdom, read the revelation on Will drive away the tear, the sigh, the frown CS11 was chosen and sustained to fill the the same; said if we obey the laws of God When you come home! 11J we wouia secure our LI vacancy. vjou oiessings. Prest. Sophia Anderson reported the bless the. sisters in this noble cause and Suspense will quickly change to calm content, Bothwell society as doing very nice- give you strength to overcome evil. Desire witri rare fulfilment will be blent, And meeting be one long, sweet sacrament of so much. sickness account but on ly, Prest. Boot h f el t the tim e h ad been : . . . . . when had not beerrable to meet regulanyrnad well spent, said a few words on the Word Clarence Uriiy. a good band of sisters who were trying to nt widnm. had faith in her Heavenly do their duty, thought the Word of Wis- -, Father and knew he would help her to dom was kept by the majority of the peo- - overcome her weaknesses4. Prayed the . pie. spirit of this conference might rest upon E. said her Peters health Louisa Sister an 0f ns and that we rnght take it home RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. had not been the best. 'but thought trials tft hplo us in our labors. Asked the bless- sometimes come upon us to test us, spoke in?s of the Lord upon all. BOX ELDER STAKE- on the conveniences today, but though Simrihsr How Firm a Foundation.' The Relief Society conference of Box there was also more temptations to lure Benediction Stohl. Elder Stake met in" the First Ward Meeto ur children away: felr we shou Id pray Annie H. Littlewood, Asst. Secry. inghouse, Tuesday,.,- - June 18th, 1907. for them that, they might not go astray know y theydo." He had won lhe victory over every weakness of the human heart. The honor and glory He gave to His Father.Now He intercedes with Father and pleads for not-wha- t jn - -- ad-dress- -a-- a am all-th- good m e - sur-pii- s 1 se . , - T ' you-ComeJio- me ...' -- by-Sister-Sadie ed . 