So bitter .7.-- ennancc their comfort and pleasure, a great por tion of the time having to be both father and mother to them ' Besides her own children she took a pair of twins to raise a boy and a girl. Sister Emma had given was untinner m ner enons 'she had .sejplin;w Some time after the deain :oi ine M:r.nA rlniieriitr. to them she was -ever a "kind and affectionate mother and 10 - . . In. a somewhat neglected and uncared for spot is a grave over which lies a flat stone bearing the inscription: Emma Biddamon, Born ' own. When made known and explained to her she accepted the order of celestial marriage, and in obedience to that law gave her husband several wivesto whom she was ever" kind and they in return ' loved and respected her. Doring'the dreadful scourge of sickness at Nauvoo in the first year of the. settlement of that place, she was considered an angel ot mercy, she was so untiring in her efforts to comfort the sick; and her presence was a solace to many in their 'dying hour, There were so many in distress, that the Prophet and his wife commenced taking the sick into their own home, with the view of. taking care of them more comfortably. This they continued to do until their home became so crowded that they were compelled to spread a tent for that part of the "family who were still on their feet, in order to make room in the house for the sick. Their home was ever open to the aged .and homeless, a number making it their permanent home and they were waited upon and cared for with the greatest of generosity and patience. N Sister Emma at that time was indeed an Elect Lady, one whom everybody loved that got acquainted .with her. It is very.fitting that the Relief Society should take time to consider and reflect upon the history of their first president.' She had the honor of being called to that position by the prophet himself and held the position Hnrintr hi lifpfimp pvprv wov Qualified for its duties. y' In time of peril she was a wise counselor to her husband: when surrounded by persecutions and trials she was ever ready to give comfort and consolation; she accompanied him on many perilous journeys in the nighttime, when only the tried and tested knew of his whereabouts or errand. 7 When occasion permitted she entertained his friends with charming grace July April 30, 1879- - . . m anrl-wa- hostess. When W 1 1 ft 11 Vi o fL11L. n11L.oirc? 11.1 c "tiro1 o .1 l.LJIlVI 4- - VIll III- - V I that her husband had met his death at the hands of the mob she was overcome with grief, but bravely bore the burden. of the Prophet ,; After the martyrdom and his brother, the Patriarch the Twelve Apostles constituted the presiding Quorum of the Church. In 1846. Brigham Young , MOTHER'S WORK, 1 -- Lesson 4 Nature Studies. Give each child a little plot of ground, however small, and set of little garden tools. Teach them to take proper care of the tools, and to have a place to keep them. Show them how to prepare a suitable seed bed and then teach them about, the germination and growth of the baby plants, baby birds, etc. Lesson 5 Our Children are Precious Jewels. - A child's right to be well born. The duty of parents to, their unborn children. Pre-natinfluen.cs. Loving them beforehand. You can sometimes tell which was an unwelcome child by its face. Too many are 'born tired." Lesson 6 Training our children. , Be truthful and honest with them alNever deceive them to secure ways. obedience, or they will soon lose their trust in you. . Instruct them early as to the sacredness of life, and the purposes of God in allowing us to be fathers and mothers. Make yourself a companion and confident of your children, or they ' will seek knowledge from impure sources. Lesson 7 Story Telling a Means of Edu-- '' cation . -- -- ; g, learn-to-- they-vill w -- helpfulT rather than hindrances not only to their mother, but to their wife when they get one; and teach both boys and girls to use reason, judgment and common sense in all things! Lesson 9 Our Bodies are Temples of the Lesson 10 The Sin of Gossip. "Judge no.t, tfiat ye be not judged; for with what judgment ye judge ye shall be judged.", (Matt. 7: 1.) Be not hasty in condemning others. Speak of their good qualities rather than their misdeeds. We might do things that yould be just as wrong if we were placed in similar circumstances. Have some subject for discussion at sewing bees and work meetings. Lesson n Parable of the Ten Talents (Matt. 25: .) What talent do I possess, and do I cuI-tivate it? Patience, faith, cheerfulness, the power to instruct or comfort others, or anything that helps to make life better and brighter is talent, which should be 14-30- cultivated. Lesson Place of Worship is Holy. 12 Teach the children to be quiet and orderly in the house of God. It is wrong to let the little ones run and play in the aisles, and for the older ones to whisper and make a disturbance during services. These things are displeasing to our heavenly Father and an offense to our friends who visit our places of worship. Celia A. Smith, Cor. Secy, of Stake R.S.. . EDITORIAL NOTES. al 5 be , hoped to find a home free : from mob V ; '.V; ; rule, ;. There seemed to com e over Emma Smith a complete change when the arrangements were made for the removal to the West. She took no interest in DvPfrnmp tri1 tanla U them, but rather preferred to remain in khmPnf ; i- - 1. her Nauvoo home. Those things-tha-'S nn- wnvi o m;j ana iiiiuu iu iiiirner ouniciiiiut her had been most sweet were now most bier. As much as possible, let your sto-; Lesson 8 Preparation for the Future. , We owe a duty to our children's future mates. Teach. the boys to put their cloth-inbooks, etc., away neatly, and thus as possible. STAKE. Life and its Responsibilities. Why are we here? We must some day giye an account for the way in which our lives have been spent, Lesson 2 Have an Aim in Life that of making happy homes. Good cooking an important factor. Politeness and Good health another. courtesy at home are also important. Count your blessings, but not your trials, and you will find much cause for happiness. Lesson 3 Home, the Child's World. Make the home beautiful. Encourage family singing. Provide music of some kind. Encourage the making of beautiful things at home. Get tool boxes for the boys, and make their room neat and pretty as well as the girls' rooms. They will appreciate it and help to keep it nice. Lesson rt.i. t i I'M idle- - Teach the children this, that they may learn to keep them clean and pure. Teach them the value of deep breathing, fresh air and exercise, and ol standing straight. We are made in the image of God, and should keep that image as perfect in form ' L. E. S. A. MARICOPA hi Living God. 10, 1804. Died - - and - -- flows near on its way to the sea. nopiejaeeasjina actions, wronT? which occurred April 30, 1879. On the slope of the hill near the old home several members of the family are buried.- - 01 .:. habits, srch as selhshhess, ness, wasteiuiness, etc. I conProphet she married again, but stillas the tinued to live in what was known New Mansion House' until her death birth to a pair of twins on April 30, 1831, both oPwhnrdiedThewifc-of-John-Murdoc- k gave birth to a pair of twins the sameday and soon after expired- - Sister motherless twins in the Emma 'toook-Jhfond hopeUhat they jvould, fill the void in her life occasioned by the loss of her m nes he . " ::lur - There have been so many notable occurrences and social functions during the midwinter season that it would be quite we impossible to mention them all, but of hope t6 give at a later date somethingthe an idea of a few of them, However society columns of the daily papers have been very generous in this respect, and" the rights might be almost intruding upon brief-what; of these good friends to give in they have done so well. Then this little sort paper does not deal much with this ot of thing editorially, except as a matter history. Therefore we ask our readers and patrons to accept this apology ior not old publishing now, parties in the grand Lion House that must yet be written P becanse-o- f their- histnrin-valua$ aPa5 of the woman's. side of the 'Mormon question in social and religiQUS life. -- e . 