WOMAN'S EXPONENT. world. Ounrrussion is siperb, cuuuuVKcu Wiv 39 look afte$ tQ ut a.IC "T-- : , lc dim iiiomers 10 live worthy lives. I feel we have a warm welcome here, I feel you are united. Stake President Wm- Seegmiller. "I in much meeting with" you, in enjoy very feel the Spirit of God .this new building, mids is in our great credit is due. to who had thematterin hand. "Be those wise as serpents, .and harmless as doves. It is a grand thing to meet people, who have the same object in view; spoke in praise of thelabors and efforts of the sisters, hope you will be interested, and every labor you do may stimulate to still greater labors. What a wonderful misr sion is ours; may God bless us in all our -- ' labors. Meeting adjourned until 2 singing and prayer. p. m. .after ing.s 01 weir .mothers, let us be humble . 3. We believe that through the atonement of Christ, all mankind may be saved by, obedience to .the laws and ordinances ana prayerful, we will all be tried Sister Carolina Hnhmnn - tvIoc, also paid tribute tH the labor of TFe sisters, said the blessings, of the Lord are .with us, in our efforts to do our duty. We are fed by the Spirit of the Lord in our meetings. President C. Sorensen always enjoyed , Relief rejoiced in the was thankful to those who enterwork; tained us,, also tothe,singers. Let. us continue in good works. God bless the sisters visiting with us that they may re turn in saiety. An officers meeting will be held after this meeting: Sister Julina Smith also thanked the - '. "1 the Gospel.' . t . .I I'At ft we ueueve mat me urst principles 4. ll and ordinances of the Gospel are: (1) Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ; (2) of . . . - 1 Re-jpentan- ce: (i) Baptism by immersion for the remission of sins; (4) Laying. on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost. 5. We believe that a man must.be called .Qf.God.by prophecy., and bythe laying on of hands, by those who are in authority, to preach the Gospel an ad: minister in the ordinances' thereof. 6. We believe in the same organization that existed in the Primitive Church, viz; apostles, prophets, teachers, evangelists, Society-meetings- singers. After the benediction Conference journed for three months. for sins. and not ' s transgression. . etc. We believe in the .gift orf tongues prophecy, revelation, visions, healing, incontinued at 2 p. m. PreConference Mary M. Swindle, terpretation of tongues, etc. C. Sorensen presiding. sident 8. We believe the Bible to be the word Secretary. After singing, prayer and other exerof God, as far as it is translated correctly; Officers of the cises General and Stake we also believe, the Book of Mormon to Relief Society were unanimously sustainbe the word of God. ' ed. 0. 'We believe all that God has re- "WHY A WOMAN SHOULD- DESIRE TO President C.Ogelvie, Richfield, 3rd ward, vcdicu, an uiai 11c uucs uuw local, auu BE A MORMON." Sister Farnsworth we believe that He will yet reveal many reported and then , in PTfvat of and imDortant things nertaininp tn our midst, and the good spirit spoke ' and read at ' (Written special by request u B s n for lid m a 'Wo the building fund, fng1 the Kingdom" of God. in Clubs New Womens' York.) to be erected in near future, the brethren 10. We believe in the literal gathering had agreed to take the care of the build-- . "Pure religion as taught by Jesus Christ of Israel and in the restoration of the Ten ing upon themselves. Encouraged the is a life, a growth, a divine spirit within, Tribes; that Zion will be built upon this stake to send more sisters to learn the coming out in love and sympathy and (the American) continent; that Christ will reign personally upon nurse course. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp to be helpfulness to our fellow-menI realize that my subject is a most deliand that the earth will be renewed and teadrer this year. Many more nurses are needed in our outlying stakes, spoke of cate one to write upon, knowing as I do, receive its paradisiacal glory. is looked' Sister Empy's labors in this line, also of how "Mormonism," ii. We claim the privilege of worshipThe Relief. Society gave upon by those who are unacquainted with ing Almighty God according to the die, saving grain. the people called 'Mormons.'' What- tatesof our conscience,, and allow all men 20 tons of flour, to famine stricken Chinese this summer, first car load of clothing, ever I may say must be from my point, of the same privilege, let them worship how, ' . view, and will assuredly be in accordance where, or what they may. etc., sent to San Francisco after earth12., we oeiieve in oeing suoject 10 quake and fire, was sent from, the four with facts, largely of my own personal stakes of Salt Lake City. Encourage our knowledge, and wholly on the woman's kings, presidents, rulers and magistrates, sons, to get acquainted with the Relief side of the question, according to the title in obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law. given me. Society meetings, it will be of great be13. We believe in being honest, true, What the world terms "Mormonism," nefit to them, when in the mission field. We should' be a light to the world, teach we call the Gospel of Jesus Christ, which chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in indeed, we may say good to all men; our Savior says is "the power of God unlives. our children to u :.: t tj i rn iL.i j IIJU.L VC 1UUUW UIC (lUlllUUllIUli Ul XtlUl, Sister Julina L. Smith said, almost to salvation," etc. We believe the everthe We believe all things, we hope all things, every point has been touched. We should lasting Gospel has been restored to fulwe have endured many things, and hope Saints' homes, earth in this last dispensation of the send our girls to Latter-da- y I to be able to endure all things. (If there when sending them to Salt Lake City to ness of times. Rev. 14: 6 reads, "And of good is anything virtuous, lovely.-- or work, gave some of her experiences with saw another angel fly in the midst of Gospel to report or praiseworthy, we seek after girls; said my children always let me heaven, having the eyerlasting Smith. know, when they come home at night. preach unto them that dwell oh the earth, these things. Joseph We cannot fill a better mission than to and to every nation, and kindred, and We believe in the state, look, after our children, and not send toneue, and people.,' It is the belief and or existed y we are that Saints theJLatter-dacreated of spiritually them away or turn them out in the street, firm conviction before world in the was the that coming here, spirit Gospel begin when they are, little, raise pur girls that the angel came, to make good mothers. Let our children restored to the earth, that Joseph Smith that we consented to come, that we might have a body for our spirits to dwell attend meetings, stay at home ourselves was commissioned from heaven to declare in. state is often spoken This the restoration if need be. The Relief Society is at the unto the children of men been-befotime, .of as primeval childhood, or first estate. head of'Mutual and Primary Associations. of all things that had Saints that he was ordained by Peter James The Lord said to Abraham, "And they who We feel the influence of Latter-dafirst estate shall be added upon, in our midst. We can give a good report and John to the same priesthood they keep their first estate held, and that he ordained his followers and they who Ikeepinotthis of your stake. in shall nnt have plnrv the same kingdom Instrumental Music by Sister Josie in like manner. "Since. thaUimernotwithstanding all the Christensen. and persecutions, the and they' who keep their second, estate Brother William Ogden said, he had drivings, mobbings shall have glory added upon their heads been acquainted with the labors of the Elders of the Church have gone forth, the Gospel and baptizing those forever and ever." Society in building this hall, he had the preaching Moses sang, "Remember the days of old who, became converted, until the sound privilege of writing out the checks. when the Most High divided to lands and President Minnie Nebeker and associ- thereof has reached many the nations their inheritance, - when He and peoples. kindreds, tongues, this climes, for ates need praise accomplishing separated the sons of Adam. He set the r ' Our Articles of Faith are: :;V::: . task. 1 We believe in God. the Eternal bounds of the people according to the Counselor Ellen Theuson.with.fedings 7 an d number of the children-o- f Israel." The wo oro trvlnff tn Hn our duty, felt "Father; and in His Son, Jesus Christ, population of the earth-i- s fixed according .blessed to be a member of the Relief So- ihthe Holy Ghost - to the number of spirits appointed to take 2. We believe that men will be punour duties, us let neglect Don't ciety. ad- 7. . ' - . f the-eart- ." so-calle- h; d, do-in- g live-mora- l pre-existe- pre-existe- nt re y . . L-- with-thos- e- " riv4 L i ' who-keeptheir-first- esatef nt 