1 ,, 36 incidents among all one reads, or is told, that will appeal to those who only.know through history" so little of his actual, heroic and prophetic character, and inEMMELINE D. WELLS, Editor and Publisher deed it is difficult for ihbse who. knew ANNIE WELLS CANNON. Assistant Editor. him'personally, to. talk. orhim in such ' a' way as to give reality to his nobility ot Lake Salt in Utah, Published City,. monthly, characperson and the grandeur of his Terms: one copy one ear, $l.oo; one copy six months, teristics and aspirations. axlSNojretj'Vgtion made for clubs! City papers Woman' s Exponent - ' - deliv-rrr- ti by mail, extra for postage one year, aTCts. of nonpanel Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines A liberal space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. advertisers. regular EXPONENT office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street; Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc ' ' Mrs: E. B.WELLS, dis-coun- fto It is uty ,notpossibterto-pTJt-Dir-paper-the-bea- of some special phases and say- ings of the Prophet Joseph; to attempt it is to makeone feel the insignificance of the pathetic utterances, as they emlnated from the glorious inspiration which- overshadowed him." There was V force and power in his exclamations of, which the following is hut a faint echo: : d "Oh the. beauties of these mountains! the soul refreshing streams that ' are running down through these mountain gorges! Then, gazing in another direction asaftherew;asachange of locality: Oh the scenes that this people will pass through! The dead that will lie between here and there." Then turning the as if the scene-changagain'Oh apostacy that will take place before my brethren reach that landTV Elder Call continues: 'Although I felt that Joseph was wrapt in vision, and that his voice was the voice of God, little did I realize the vast significance of those prophetic declarations compared with what I do now, with the experience of forty- five years, that has intervened since they were uttered. As he concluded the door of the house opened and we entered the building to transact the business for. which - snow-cappe- written account compared to the sub limity of the actual scenes as portrayed in , v Salt Laks City, Utah. life. said It has been frequently of late, that the Prophet predicted the gathering of Etihrtd at tht Fost Ope in Salt Lake City, I tah, as Mountains-Elder-Ansoto this people ' matter. clast coml 1 Call tells most graphically visions. of Salt Lake Otv, Utah. - - December,- 1907 oneAt a these prophetic meeting of Freemasons in the town of Montrose, Iowa, on the west side of the Missirsippi, Joseph Smith while THE PROPHET JOSEPH'S BIRTHDAY. conversing with his brother uttered the X remarkable prophecy that the. Saints we had Plucked fresh from an immortal paradise, gathered." would be driven to the Rocky Mountains. Transplanted in a new and uncongenial clime, herself recalls Mother WhitThe writer works To fulfill laws which nature's Ansori Call was present and gives a comprise; Elder time. A Purpose to achieve," coincident with ney's vivid. picture of the appearance and detailed account. .... . , . mannerTand beauty of the countenance The life of th&Prophet Joseph from his .,"On'thej4thUidyiJi?43Lthe..ProPhet the Prophet Joseph when dictating to birth in the vale of the Green Mountains Joseph with quite a number of his breth- of his scribe in an uper chamber of her to his tragic martyrdom is like a sublime ren crossed the Mississippi river to the inhouse in Kirtland. But the things that and heroic poem, and some day in the town of Montrose, to be present at the are written and the things that are told future, one or more of our poets, young stallment of the Masonic Lodge of the fall far It is short, of the reality. or old, will give it with all the wondrous, Rising Sun.' A block school house had with a good that .the Spirit of God has made graceful and majestic unfolding from the been prepared for the occasion have not seen the hearth where he was born, to the prison shade iri front under which was a barrel manifest to many who mission from where his life was yielded up as a of ice water. Judge George Adams was Prophet the truth of his divine sacrifice for his people, along with his the highest Masonic aUtHbrity in the State here upon the earth: noble brother Hyrum, who was nearest of Illinois and had been sent there to orto him of all his kindred in life and in ganize this lodge. The Judge, Hyrurn death. The bond between these brothers Smith and J. C. Bennett being highMa-sonsweinto the house to perform some Was of the most sacred character, uniting IN MEMORIAM. not others the were which ceremonies these two magnanimous an invisible entitled to witness, they, including Joseph been PRISCILLA SMITH TAYLOR. have must there men; under the bowery, Smith, remained altar of trust and consecration. Come to the bridal chamber, Death! d a he was water, tasting It is most, fitting that the Latter-d- v Joseph as Come to "the mother wh?n she feels Saints should celebrate the birth of the warned the brethren not to be too free breath," For the first time her it. with of since the the days greatest prophet "With a tumbler still in his hand he Savior and coming so nearly together It seems only yesterday, as it were, would Saints the that beauseems a strange coincidence. The yet go that we published the marriage of the prophesied Mountains. Call young woman whose demise we now Brother to the tiful story of the birth of Joseph Smith is; Rocky most poetical, and it is gratifying to all says, "I had before seen him in vision, feel it a duty to record. Her married who love and revere his memory to know and now saw while he was talking, his life was so brief, yet so sweet, one that his birthplace has been so harmoni- countenance change to white; not the cannot but feel that in such a short space deadly white of a bloodless face, but a of time, one may experience the heights ously brought into touch with the original arrangement of the old home. It living, brilliant white. He seemed ab- and depths of human joy and borrow sorbed in gazing, at something at a great will undoubtedly be in the future, an obSister Priscilla Smith Taylor was a upon happy bride on October 25th of last year ject lesson of great significance to the distance," and said "I am gazing people of our faith, and also to the unbe- the valleys of the mountains. " This ( 1906) , and - on November 3rd of this lieving and the inquiring stranger and Brother Call says was followed by a vivid present year (1907) she passed away to tourist. This simple fact of renovating description of the scenery of these moun- the "better land," leaving an infant and beautifying the old home may be tains as I have since become acquainted daughter six weeks old; her husband. more helpful than an epic poem, but both with it. Eider George S.Taylor, and her widowed to Shadrack are not too much to carry the message of "Pointing Roundy and mother, Sister Susan E.Smith,and others life and salvation to the world at large, others he said: "There are seme men of her were almost inconsolable the message delivered to Joseph Smith here, who shall do a great work in that at' the family loss of one so precious and so when only, a lad in his early boyhood. land." Pointing to me he said, "There and Whose circumstances, gave We have reason to be grateful for all Is Anson, he shall go and shall assist in lovable, of so . much happiness, These that iias been : done; to perpetuate his building cities from one end of the coun- - promise losses to those who remain seem irreparname, his great work and to show honor trv to the other: and von. mthpr PvtPnrL able, and only time can in part assuage that to these who were true and loyal to him,: ing the idea to all those he had spoken have an and to the Master's work he came to do. of shall perform as great a wort as has poignant grief; but to thoseofwho a resurrecA marvelous work and a wonder in the been done by man, so that the nations of implicit faith in the hope tion there is always a consolation, and midst of the earth in this dispensation of the earth shall be, astonished, and the. spirit of the Gospel sheds its rays upthe fulness of times. Every effort will be of them will be gathered in that landmany and on the heart, of all who bow in meek sub. made to make the of in assist the v birthplace Jmilding cities and temples, and mission to the dispensations of divine . prophet attractive and to preserve at the Israel shall be made to reioiVf " Providence. same time all the old landmarks. p The writer says, "It is impossible to Tn reviewing the..writings .of. men.associ-- .. words this scene, .which - is ..li'And this we call a loss! O, selfish sorrow ated with the Prophet Joseph and in con- represeatia. still vivid in my mind of the grandeur of uz seinsQ cearts! U, we ot lime ian.u. us look round some argument to borrow, Let few the staunch with men of his Joseph's V appearance, the beautiful deversing Why we in' patience should a wait the morro time now living.it Js difficult to select from scriptions of this land, and bis wonderful That surely must succeed this night of deawe . the-Rock- y n - ed " . . . nt great-hearte- d, the-col- first-born- 's . . ; . ' 