Wf)M AN.'S EXPONENT. Preside ii tVDixon was. pea$&rfC(: with the sisters in Eureka, but SGtiy to Zabriske, thought is a band of God s handmaias so unuea have to part with Sister Spoke of as to uplift the burdened and care for the she should have more help. of the sick and the' dead as being aged and sick, and in" every way strengthen the care a great labor; said the Relief Society , woman, kind. to use every President. Schofield spoke of the power gave the sisters a chance More and more the teacher is in the ward, said they are faculty of their mind. were being made. Gave really guardian angels in a ward. Referred improvements to sending young.ladies to be educatecTas TnstfuctionrinregardqJioldinrofficersl ' make our organizanurses, said it was effort that brought all meetings. We must world- - pood things to us. The Relief Society is tion the best in the Sister Forcey reported Mammoth ward. rnnsidered as a mother to other organiza ward Hons, therefore,- - should be very careful Sister Madsen reported Knightsville Sister Mary Brown said there all well. r in the examples put Southwick said the way to was W organization for women in this ' serve Godnvas by doing our individual Church until our Prophet Joseph Smith, organized the Relief Society. Read a duty. portion of the minutes of the first organSinging, "Oh Jesus the giver." Beneization. Bore testimony to the truth of diction, Counselor Mary A. Southwick. the Gospel. Singing, "Come Let Us Afternoon session: Singing, "Now let Anew," benediction by Fannie Simons. Conference reassembled at 2 p. us rejoice." Prayer, Brother J. R. Price. and prayer. Sister Steele from Singing, "Praise to the man." Counselor Mary A. Southwick urged the Goshen sang "High on the Mountain sisters to be energetic in following out Tops." Sister Kapple encouraged the the instruction given in regard to storing sisters to study the Gospel; said that revelations were given to enlighten our wheat. A chorus of young people sangVOh minds. Spoke of a fund in Relief Society to help the missionaries and their famiGalilee." Financial and statistical report of Stake lies; said we must not neglect the poor as this was our mission. We must set an .was read. Missionary" Sister Jordan was very example to our children and teach tnem thankful for conditions surrounding the. the Gospel, and ask for the Spirit of God to be with us. stake. Recitation by Sister Poesom, "The Two . Lecture from Union ward, on Mother's Work was given by Sister Lewis, "Asso- Portraits." Sister Evans said she had felt ciation of parents and child." As a writer the Spirit of God with us today; said we is known by his works so is a person all had our talents, let us exercise them; As a fool is said our faces show the desires of our known by his associates. known by his words so is a person known hearts, God would know our intentions by his associates, "and the sorrow or. whether for good Or evil. Instrumental selection, by Sister ueasure a parent could engender in a child's being was shown. Baughn. Brother Wallace said he had closed his store to meet with us; had Recitation, Kate Rogers. of La Grande been pleased with the remarks made toBishopGeo. Stoddard ward spoke, read a part of the discourse day. Sister Wall of Santaquin added given by President Smith at the April her testimony to what had been said; Conference, bearingon Relief work, ur- spoke of Relief Society in early days. Said that the blessings pronounced upon ged the idea of storing' wheat. Brother A. S- - Geddes, sajd, stand by her dying mothers head by Brother H each other, don't look for fauitsfind good Smith had been fulfilled upon her own head. qualities and enlarge upon them Instrumental .music by Sister Evans. Singing, We thank thee.O God for a Prophet." Benediction, 'Brother Thomas m ji3iu xiAuu caiiui icu uic aidicia im men Piiakin. rduties, to be loyal and true to their re . Kate Rogers, ; ligion to exert themselves and not shrink from their duties; prayed for God's blessSecretary. ings uporKus. Singing, "The Spirit of NEBO STAKE. Arfizmzatidn for the savihgof souX - - forth-Brothe- m-Singi- - . y-r- 1 , God.!iPray4?yrotrl'er-Wallac-e. Minutes of Relief Society Conference Eliza A. Hawkins. held in Eureka ward; October. 19th, 1906.. Cor. SecxNebo Stake R. S. Nebo Stake Relief Society met in quarterMARICOPA STAKE. ly conference at the meeting house. President Eliza J. rDixon presiding.. Several Relief Society Oonference'bLthe Mari- members of the Stake Board were pres- - copa . Stake met in the KeliefSociety ent. After, the usual opening exercises Hall, Mesa, February 21, 1067. President Melissa Hunsaker presiding. reading of minutes included, Sister President of Eureka ward bade us singing "Think gently of the Openedy erring one." welcome, reported her second counselor Prayer Brother Mahonri Stuart. Singing had moved away and that she would have "Let Zion in her bearty rise." Roll Call. to resign on account of poor health, she bnwmalU felt very sorry for this lis it . had been a nutes of previous conference read. Stake labor of love to herr officers and General Relief Society were Za-brisk- - um e. t" R.K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, AVERE t as 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. IN OUR N EW STOR E, and solick yussiuie ior your money. yburtronage. We aim to give you TRY US rott m President: Jtfelk Hunsaker maue. opening remarks,- said she felt to rejoice'in the blessings of the Lord Knew the Lord blessed the Relief Society work amj its faithful workers. " Reports from four wards were given all were doing a$ well as possible. There had been much sickness through the last three months. Both, teachers and members, -- were-desirous-- of doinjr-th eirdoty and seemed to haveT;a testimony alive with in themselves that the Gospel is true and this Society being organized .by the Prophet "Joseph Smith" was one of our Father's, purposes for 'the uplifting of woman; and the Savior said where a few met together in His name He would be there to bless. Our brother speakers, felt to rejoice for the inspiration that led to this organization and that we were all the children of our Father. One sister visiting relatives here from Idahp felt to unite with the sisters in saying that the Gospel as revealed by the Prophet Joseph Smith was true, spoke on prayer and teaching our children to pray. President Hunsaker made a few closing remarks, thanked. the brethren and sisters, and hoped we felt to rejoice in the words spoken. Hymn "Guide us, oh thou , great Jehovah.' Pomeroy. Benediction Sarah; Anna E. M. Fuller, AFTON, WYOMING. Minutes of the Relief Society meeting held March 17, 1907 in Afton. Uinta Co., Wyoming, Counselor Joanna Cook presiding. Singing, "The Happy Day Has Rolled On." Prayer by Elder Clarence Gardner. Singing, MYe Children of Our God." etc. Sacrament was administered by Elders Charles C. Leavitt and Steven P. Gheen, and the exercises were then' continued. Remarks by Sister Cook stating why we had met, it was to commemorate the sixty-fift- h anniversary of the organization of the Relief Society, and she was pleased to see so many of her sisters present. Stake President Alice J. Call said she would like more of the young women and girls to join our association iand assist us in this great work. She then read a sketch of the first organization of the Relief Society and the labors of the officers thereof, written by Sister Anna Kenning-ton- . - . Sister Mary Gardner said the Relief Society was just asXimportant as any .auxiliary organization, and was organized by the Prophet Joseph Smith for a good purpose. There is a great responsibility resting on us to look after the poor, to care for the sick, and watch the young so that hone are led astray. We should love one another and try to serve the Sister Artemissia Call gave a lecture on "Charity.'' Song by Sister Florence Lee. Recitation by Sister Stella Wollenzien entitled "Guilty or Not Guilty." Sister Maud Burton said she dearly loved the Relief Society work ; she always" felt strengthened and blest by attending the meetings. Elder John Nield said if this was a sample of our Relief meetings , then he wished to attend more of them-Elder A. R. Moffitf madea few interest" , - -- " lhg remarks;, 1 Benediction by Sister Eliza Cazier. Christine Eggleston, -- 