WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 63 -- fta,, domestic homekwr7r?g.;house Worn an's Exp EMMELNE B. WELLS Editor and Publisher Editor. ANXIE WELLS - CAXN OX, Assistant ' : v : M, . stand united and ready tOassist ursine. furnishing, Ethics Civics, Pafriotkm, Morals, Manners. the Gospel, the Virtues,all, all,and kindred Relief subjects are within scope of the emergency. In loaning money or wheat you should be particular to get proper security. My dear sisters, in all'matters pertaining to the work, I rely on your judgment and fidelity. I give you my blessing, onY and all, my dear Sisters, and pray that "a y 6 u m ay be" safe nd well , and return to your homes feeling renewed and strengthened in spirit, and finding, all well. And now again, the Lord bless and comfort with you. you and peace-b- Sundyrj!:lZ.-'--r- Society. This true and this" acted upon, no time ' will be wasted. and there will be no lack'of interest and instruction and advancement for officers and mem- indi-viju- al bers. The meetings should begin promptly, and the business treated with dispatch," lArs.E. WELLS, Salt Lake City. Utah. the interest not allowed tb.drag. and after all, the good Relief Society meeting is Enttrti at tkt Post bficein Salt Lake City, I ah', ai only a means and not the end of this work. $tconi-ea- s matter, If the meeting is, as suggested above it May, 1907 should be, helpful, elevating, practical Salt Lake Citv. Utah. it will find its way home with the mem-jjeand beaj.its fruit there, promoting THE OFFICERS OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. order, cleanliness, the virtues, spirituality, and uniting the home circle in intelliDear Sisters: I have a few thoughts gence, love and harmony. which I desire to give to you, my coSisters, that is what makes my heart workers, at this time, praying that they so rejoice today, to look into your faces may be helpful and encouraging: to you. and know, that through your efforts and This is a society which, at its beginning, those of the faithful teachers of our Sohad but eighteen members, but as an orciety we may reach every home in Zion, and rich in simplicity ganization it was so giving qomfort and assistance or encourof the full of so the truth, inspiration agement toward perfection. has of Most it the that High, Prophet These few words may give only a suggrown and increased until today it is dogestion of what constitutes the "Field of ing a mighty work in the amelioration of the Relief Society:'' but I pray you may the distressed, which is the mission for be inspired to discover the greatest needs which the Relief Society was launched. of your organization, that you may grow in Because of its mission to bless and reusefulness and joy day by day. lieve, the work has been blessed of the It is my wish-- that the organizations Lord, and it has found favor among the Saints, insomuch that 35, coo women have should be conducted, as regards financial joined hands, laboring, not for the vain matters, along strict business lines, and things of life, not for honor, not for price, that each officer should conduct personally the affairs of her department. but for the love of doing good. We are always willing to assist in all Before me I see my the . v t omcersoi our society, wnose countenances laudable effortsand while the building of glow with a spirit of strength and loving stake and ward houses is not directly in kindness. our line of work, we consider it an honor I say to you, you are blessed in this that the Priesthood should ask for our work, for it is ennobling. Each deed of assistance; and we should work assidukindness will increase ycur power to do ously, to be helpful in all matters where good and will stimulate your desire to help is needed. We should he united in the work of perform the work of a Saint. Day by day you earn your sure reward in the joy building and furnishing Relief Spciety and satisfaction of yorr heart for having halls; in building granaries and storing assisted one of our Father's children. grain; in assisting the Bishops to care As officers of .the various organizations for the sick, needy and distressed; in I. urge you to make, by prayerful and teaching mothers to rear and care for a success of energetic york, your par- tffeir children; in cherishing the virtues, field. ticular To successfully meet all the firing the'- fatherless, laying out the requirements of this great calling, one sch duties, all this we in uo l uc iu Luutu witn me community snoutd pertorm. cheerfully and in harmo-ti- y which she labors, seeking always to with the priesthood. ..' ; -discoverwhat wjll "heIrrari(i"encourage? r'f.Any and all money received by the Reand always stimulate to good deeds the lief Socie.ty, over what is expended in the members of her particular society. y wbrkwhich I have alluded, should bs There is nothing goodjwhibh is suitable! Icept asrfesefye. fund . f or V time of great for woman's work, that cann6t be proper- -' for we know not the day nor the in the Relief Society. ly brought The foour when somVof our Father's children 4 stndv of the best litprahirA crAr-may be stricken by famine or pestilence ture, cooking, in" fact, the whole field of or destroyed by the elements. We shoul 1 J " , , - Published, monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms; one Qopy one year, 1.00; one copy s x month 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv red by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates;--EiK- rb fequar, ten lines ol nonpanel one time $2.50; per month. $3.00. A liberal disspace count to regular advertisers. ExroNFNT office Room 509 Templeton. South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. jn. to 5 p. nt., every day. except . all business communications tc in every v - e : PoremcvT RiTticurrnA 7 Cwit,, April 8, 1907, Salt Lake City. -- . EIGrtTY-FIV- YEARS YOUNG. E rs The eighty-fift- h birthday anniversary of the remarkable President of the General Relief Society was celebrated this year. May 3d, by her , own immediate family, at the residence of Brother and Sister Joseph Fisher at East, Mill Creek. It was a happy occasion when she could see assembled all her living posterity; many of them being little tots, participated in the exercises of the day, basking in the sunshine of her. smiles and approbation; over twenty were among the number. and the The dinner was great-grand-childre- n par-excelle- ricle to and from in a stylish automobile was no doubt exhilarating. old-fashion- ed new-fangl- ed r. The Relief Society had to take second place on the birthday this time, and gave their party on Monday evening, May 6, in the popular resort for festive occasions, the Lion House. Preparations were made by the committee for two hundred guests and most of them responded to the inv- co-worke- rs, 1 itation. - jld gz To most vepeople, the hicles are sort of alarming, but Sister Bathsheba accepts all the new inventions of the age without protesting. It must, have been a gala day for the little folks and a very happy one for the fathers and mothers, as well as the grand-mothe-- , . nc 1 .. , Counselor Annie T. Hyde was chairman and the program was in her hands. The hall was artistically decorated with flowers, vines, and flags; elegant rugs here and there made a beautiful setting for the guests. Sister Bathsheba arrayed in white silk with" elegant lace, looked every inch a queen, her dignified bearing and gracious-nes- s of manner. give her prestige wherever she appears. Her daughter, Sister.Clar ence Merrill, who is the very counterpart of her mother, sat on her right, and next to her, twe nieces to whom she has beeri sort of foster mother. Sisters lulina and Edna Smith. President Joseph F. Smith sat very near her and it was a fine picture to lookmpon. Apostle John Henry Smith of whom she is as fond as if he was her own son, and who in return has great love and reverence for her, sat nearon her left and others of her dear friends. Sister Bathsheba verifies the saying of the poet who wrote: V . - jed, ' I . uAe , ! . is opportunity n less ' T han y uth itself, though' in ?nother dress; .'And as the evening tijijjht fades a auv,-Th- u invisible by da, sky is filled with-ta- 