I'll WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - " ' 1 .... - - ,uv ' ' . ntr evervaay - I m m Hull' -- ..1. : -- 'i,fc - v.vv vh.-- . ? v , X .EZIMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor, . Published monthly? in Salt Lake City, Utah one copy s i month Terras: one copy one year, ; 50 cts. No reduction made for dubs. City papers deliv 5i-oo- dure. . THE STEVENS GENEALOGY. -r,f f Ana l'1f Of heeliefrSorietrtsj Advertising rates: Each square, len lines ot nonpanei(liSA liberal to those who know, what it has mnnth marvel tim rtn rv rir t BY DR! BARNEY. 9 ja'V' J r r : advertisers. . to in its establishment permanently, regular jount done EXPONENT office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Books of genealogical records are of mafter the people had built up someLomes, everY itreeti Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 Saints "and towns "and ' settlements "hereand special interest to the Latter-da- y day, except Sunday. tc communications Address all business there. With the difficulties to be en: and the spirit that has inspired our brethB. E. WELLS, Mrs, the sisters, who ren and sisters more particularly, and also SaltLakk City, Utah. countered and overcome, of this to hunt up rebenevo- the people of have been the promoters m ent 'uf anlent work may well congratulate them- cords frrcestryris-irriulfillEntered at th$ fost Offic in Salt Lakt City, I 1tA, as selves oh its progress, instead of being cient prophecy, the very last words with matter. t which the Old Testament closes its sadiscouraged, that more could not be done-Thofficers of the Society and all its ac- cred pages are from the prophet Malachi March, 1907 Salt"s Lakk City. Utah. tive members may well be proud; of the on this very subject: "Behold I will send you Elijah the success attained. Remember the sisters THE WOMEN OF ZION. are gathered from various countries, they prophet before the coming of, the great The term women of Ziori applies to the have had to adapt themselves to other and dreadful day of the Lord. "And he shall turn the hearts of the sisters" in the Church in the larger sense, conditions than those they had been acand is understood to mean all the women customed to in the lands from which they fathers to the children, and the hearts of of the Church, whether connected with came. There were many things to learn, the children to the fathers, lest I come auxiliary organizations or not. It is the arid looking over the matter carefully, we and smite the earth with a curse." all our How significant this seems to opinion of the very best people in the must say the sisters have done remarkChurch, that all the sisters should be ably well, and their labors are deserving people, who are familiar with what has There is never a call transpired since the revelation to Joseph actively engaged so far as possible in one of commendation. or the other of the associations, that are made that they do not respond to it will- Smith, who received direct communication concerning these things. Elijah the helpful in so many ways to women and ingly and gladly. Relief Zion is growing rapidly and the prophet came and delivered to the children, and we may truthfully say to the family in all its relations to life. Par- Society must keep pace with its growth. Prophet Joseph the message that- has ticularly is the Relief Society helpful to Therefore the need of being on trie alert gone forth, and the spirit of that message our women, as mothers in all their house- to strengthen and uphold the hands of is looking after bur kindred that have hold duties. The work enters into every those who carry the burden of the work, lived in times past, without whom those held ot usefulness, and we might add ot whether in wards or stakes; and encourage who live now could not be made perall who will to come forward and assist fect. This work has grown to immense happiness. This society has been in the past very in making the Relief Society not only the proportions, and Sister Elvira Stevens is lightly spoken of, and women who have most genuinely useful organization, but one of those who has been diligent in as devoted their best energies to its estab- the most attractive. Let the sisters every- studying and tracing her genealogy, and-hlishment have been ridiculed and sneered where set forth in unmistakable terms used the means accumulated through at, but that day is past among sensible with eloquence and enthusiasm its bene- years of industry and toil in gathering up people because the society and its work fits and advantages, look upon the day of and arranging names and data of her is coming to be better comprehended. meeting as a day of rejoicing and praise. kindred, as far back as obtainable; and The need of this organization is now very Sing the songs of Zion with the spirit and at last has had this matter compiled in a " widely known. It has become a power understanding, and greet each other with very complete book form, available for for good not only in this land of liberty words of hope and cheer; make it a de- those of her name and lineage to peruse, and free institutions, but in other lands lightful occasion, not one to tell of sor- and become familiar with if they so deafar off ; anxl it is growing in favor with rows and hardships, but of the great bles- sire. The real value of it to herself is to those good women who have received the sings vouchsafed to this people and the have a work done for her relatives in the . Gospel through the teachings of the. glorious future of this goodly land, if the house of the Lord, whereby the family Elders, who proclaim it abroad, and people will keep the commandments of chain may be linked together into one when these sisters are told that the our Father in heaven. perfect circle. is established this Smith There The book is printed on excellent paper, Prophet "Joseph certainly a magnificent future institution for women in his life time for this Society all that the Prophet Jos- and is handsomely bound, and contains through the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, eph Smith predicted in his teachings must fifty-eigillustrations of the family, men. much more. The half and women. Some of them have been iney can inuceu remizc niai it is some- be fulfilled,-an- d thing more than an ordinary, association cannot be told of what it has already done members of the Latter-da-y Saints' Church of women for benevolent purposes. for the women of Zion in moral and spirand known among our people. When jone takes hold of the work in itual uplifting, and with the more favor- . The Stevens family are of Puritan earnest, then they begin to see more of able conditions that continue to improve first onetheaiithor mentions its actual benefits and educational ad- daily, what may we not expect in the near is William Stevens who came to" New vantages jn and along many avenues of future from the superior advantages that England before 1632. She says he was a : will certainly accrue as the natural se- activity, enterprise and development. and one of the first set-- , ship carpenter, Some of the people think it has been quence of events that must transpire in tiers of Salem, Mass., he probably slow in accomplishing the greater good the building up of temples of learninsr and had his residence in though Boston or vicinity. V 111 III I'J lH 1HMT1 r n IIIIVIII of the greatest institutions that must nf filled several honorable positions, result of so much time and labor, during necessity be established i n rKf A a v n n H j'He such as selectman, commissioner, and tor. ci vfu.fi ue UA?irc ctnr'A.iiuso-(MtU. t 1 t 11 vw u..j wtuw uw fetii" di uur very aoors in oruer to f our years a representative; and because ac, j ized; and that may be true in one sense, bring al)out the, glory of Zion. of his public services and in promoting but partly because only a few were really These things must needs be accomplish- the of the colony he secured conyerted to the idea of its being valu- ed and it will require energy and talent an prosperity extraordinary grant of land (500 acres) able, and again there were the years of of no common degree, and in all this even two rivers with Indian the. exbdus from Nauvoo, Illinois, (where the redemption of Zion, and the light and lying between names, and a grant of six acres on what the Society was founded); and the of the many cities of the glory was known as "Meeting House Neck; an4 the ma'ay hindrances of mak- woman will haye her share of the Saints, miVhtv his residence property on the beach ing permanent homes herein these moun work; and the Relief Society will be one of acres. He is spoken of tain; vales alter; the long and wearisome ot the preparatory stepping stones to the Governoreight Winthrop's ship carpenter. uesen lanasj with ultimate triumph of the work of restora- udvci uvci uuicu-auHe built the "Royal Merchant" of 600 tm A x i - OTC V . ELVIRA-STEVE- NS m P- - - . . the-world- , - ttcond-clat- e - . ht ; -- an-cestryr- the , I I 1 I I 4 I 1 I I I I I I I I V v . - : 1 jour-neyin- i i,riia;,v m ft- -- but makeit so admiriu rhnqeouence. had our as such people iiuuig life, that pilgrims and excellent and withal soselectr that all aim however paueiu to pass through, the peo- the noble women of Zion will seek adambitious even and courageous some of us can mittance thereto instead of 'having .to be ple might be and were, as wonder is not urged to enter its ranks. truthfully ' testify. The that the sisters could not do more, but it en is, that they could do so much and i Woman's Exponent; .... n' gs con-sist- ed I 