'"' r woman;? exponent. Priesthood, ' she said the with harmony hire on "Charity' Bathsheba W. . Smith and Sis' ; Sister ;v Young. sent their love to all the President Colton said we want to place ter E.'B. Wells should have a system in our some of our work before you. Our work sisters. We of the training of our chilis not only in one way but many, feeding work; spoke to pay. their tithing she the hungry, clothing 4he" naked, nursing dren, train them out here in the the sick.comforting the mourners, we also, felt to bless the people country. inform ourselves along gospel lines, in' Counselor Annie T. Hyde felt it a great to brethren and sisters vited the young r privilege to.meetJjiviththe-ibrethrenanvTsTfthTKTt:lief.Sbciety-often7we as A Solo was rendered by Brother David sisters, what a great privilege mothers have to bring sons and daughters Mainwaring. we should be cheerful in Sister Annie Wells Cannon was glad to into the world, should encourcontinue the "meeting, said that we could our homes, The teachers in their homes, we should accomplish more by organized Society, age tie sisters Spoke work than by individual effort, that the endeavor to overcome our faults. ask the work, we should Prophet Joseph Smith foresaw the good of the toMother's up of our that could be done by organization when Lord help us in the bringing he gave the first $5 00 gold piece into the children". S poke of the Nurse: Class, encouraged the sisters to take that course; Relief Society and said "what I do Hereafter for charity I will do through the we should give our children practical, We are proud of our knowledge; spoke of the woman's buildRelief Society." with organization, again advised the mothers ing; said they were going to join ennot to send their girls from home to work, the brethren in building the house; couraged the young mothers to come to without, every precaution being used. Sister Zina Young Card said, we know bur. meetings and not be lay members; the Relief Society was organized for good, asked the blessing of the Lord on all. The afternoon session, at 2 p. m., Presiwork of the Relief Society spoke e in carpeting Jhe tabernacle which had dent Eliza C Hale presiding. Singing, just been. dedicated to. the Most High, exercises as usual. Sister Eliza Thomas advised parents to. help the;r children to reported Central Relief .Society in good First Counselor Julia A. Pond: get the land and keep it as God intended condition it for our inheritance for the people who " We as sisters have a great missi jn to seek God and His righteousness and not perform; she had been visiting the stake with the other officers and enjoyed her those who live for self alone. Stake Counselor Don R. Colton said trip. The mothers have a great work in our homes; the best way to get the Spirit if he would become a member of woman's Organization it' would- be the Relief So-- r of the Lord is to attend our meetings, it ciety. spoke of the spirit of the members, will help us to live our religion and teach it to our children.'! and the care for the sick, spoke on chariSecond Counselor Louise Corbet said ty and Its influence, and the work of the . we are thoroughly united as a board; Relief Society: Patriarch Samuel R. Bennion said if enjoyed, her labors; asked tne Lord to we have anything to give to the poor give bless all. ' President L. S. Pond felt by looking it to .the Relief Society, for mothers should be the best judge of the childrens over the congregation that the officers wants, said do not wear one sister out would feel encouraged to see so many because she is willing to work, but call in present; spoke of encouraging love and the young sisters to take care of the sick. peace in the home; be congenial with our President Colton thanked all who had companions: in the rearing of our sons and taken part in this conference- daughters in the way they should go; school ourselves to continue onward, Singing, "Redeemer of Israel." Conference adjourned for three months spoke of cleanliness in the home; the sisters were engaged in a good and noble after the Benediction- work, felt to encourage them in helping Mary B. Henry, Assistant Secretary. the poor and the sick, hoped the Lord would help the new officers and all that took part in this conference. ' BANNOCK STAKE. Sister Emma Woodruff bore her testiThe R lief Society Conference of the mony to the truthfulness of the Gospel. Bannoclc Stake was held at Gracerldaho, She knew that the Prophet Joseph Smith Tune 18th. IQ07. at 10 a. m.. Stake Presi- - was a Prophet of God. she was persondent Eliza Hle presiding, After singing ally acquainted with him. We should and prayer by Patriarch Sterritt, roll call. make our homes attractive and go with Sister- Margaret Rose reported Soda our soiris and daughters to their places of Springs Relief Society. Sister Minnie amusement; bring them up to honor the. Hansen reported the Central Relief So- -, Priesthood; hoped we would all be true Sister Esther Banks reported and faithful; asked the blessing of "the ciety. Sterrit Relief Society. Sister Tolman re- -. Lord upon all. Counselor Annie T. Hyde --urged the ported Chesterfield Relief Society. Sister Al'mira MeechumreportedTrout Creek sisters that gave reports to speak loud so Relief Societyrall these-i- n good working all could hear. - We should be prompt and have a system in our work; spoke order, on Prest. Eliza Hale felt that her prayers punctuality, the officers should endeavor had been answered and the Relief Societo be at all the meetings. We should ty was a blessing to. the sisters. beautify our homes; of orderin Sister Emma Woodruff was pleased to our places of worship, spoke and on the training see so many of the brethren and sisters; of children; show our children that we we should use our influence for good, the love them,; and love in encourage the teachers have a great mission to perform, home; spoke of the noble work of mothshould encourage the young mothers to ers; we should live the Word of Wisdom come of. and teach it to our children, Vet" a" good and1 encourage them, keep in example to those around h us. given by Mrs. Annie ' .' . - - d 'Brother Joseph T. Pond was pieaseto ; meet, with us in this conference. We should reduce to practice all the good things we have heard today; we should prepare ourselves for the: life to come; spoke of love and harmony in the home, there is a crown of glory in store for the mothers, we should be a light to the world and not follow the fashions of the world. " May thjeLord help us to keep His Gam7 in a nd merit s3 Prest. Eliza C. Hale endorsed all that had been said. Closed by singing '.'High Conlerence adon the Mountain Top.' ? journed for three months. - , Catherine Sorenson, Sec' y. ALPINE STAKE. : of-th- - . - . . 1 - -- . . -- our-fait- - Conference of the Relief Society of Alpine Stake was held in the Lehi Tabernacle July 19th, 1907. President Rebecca Standring presiding. Sisters Annie T. Hde and Julra P. M. Farnsworth and Priscilla P.Jennings of the General Board were present. Alter the usual opening exercises President Standring greeted the sisters and reported the Stake in good condition but still room for improvement.. Taought some of the wards were in a sleepy conwake dition, but hoped up. to their duties. Reports were given from three wards, all doing well; quite a number of young mothers joining. Teachers give good reports and poor are relieved and sick visited- Sister M. A. Webb of Lehi, Stake Missionary was pleased to report her labors in Lehi. There are many'good sisters in the wards, many aged "ones and some scattered but they are trying to live their they-would-s- oon . - There are many influences to combat and trials to meet, Tried to impress the mothers with the necessity of Felt we were training their children. blest above all women on the face of the religion.- earth. . Sister Rachel Hunier,Stake Missionary of American Fork, was proud of her stand- ing and position, desired to carry.a good influence and always enjjyed her labors. The sisters as a rule are interested in the work but many are tied at home with families. large ' The address of President BathshebaW. Smith to the Relief Society was read by Sister Farnsworth. Counselor Annie T. Hyde spoke of President Smith, her love fot the sisters and her devotion to Temple work. Told the teachers to go to the sisters houses and tell them they are needed in the Relief Society, and help and encourage them to attend the meetings. Urge - the young women to attend the lectures which will be a benefit to them. These pioneers have been faithful for so many years, and it will be found in the records when we pKvrmr-riiilHr- en together D9wa in the" morning and pray with them, will pay you, for your children will be benefited and you will be blest. vVe should always have a cheerful countenance and live up to all our requirements; we must overcome evil with good, for we are the chosen of the Lord and we are to become saviors on mount Zion. Instrumental music by Sister Kirkbam.. President Stephen L. Chipman thought that nowhere on the earth could we meet a congregation of women with the same : " 