'. : . m Mf . rr r r - 'it u r i k . tri. v mi Awif .i.ivi.v ..in. society .coasted; ZirawWt of its inclusive of eighteen members, rstrr ij i k. offi- ri1. 'hft desinTof the mstitutibfr;: let them I were visiting him presenting the petition time be appointed and set apart as deacons," cers- This the close of the hscal year, ship and love for legal right and justice" until at time to minThe us. are among teachers, etc., meetings wereso his emissaries were engaged in secret utes of your meetings will be precedents it amounted 101158. The plotting in his behalf against "the rights large that the largest hall in the city was, and for vou to act upon. safety of President Smith, and aiding and it became necessary He then suggested ine pruyuciy .ui densely crowded Grove the usual place the unprincipled s of Mjs. to office in continue adjourn to a electing presidency s, But the souri. whatever Sabbath pieet-ingresult, the F. summer for during good behavior or so long as they in thewhich was holding with a suitable R. Society had made a noble effort provided shall fill the office with dignity, etc. a and stand supply of seats for large as- and it was compensated by knowing Motioned by Mrs. Whitney and secthat the great, good man, Joseph Smith onded by Mrs. Packard that Mrs. Emma semblies. The society soon became so popular appreciated it. Smfth be chosen president; passed unaniThe city of Nauvoo was divided into that even those of- - doubtful character in mously, four wards and, after the Society became On suggestion of President Smith, the several instances appfied for admission, imposition by extending too numerous to convene in one assem presidentess elect make choice of Mrs. and to prevent bly, it was decided to meet alternately Sarah M. Cleveland and Mrs. Elizabeth membership to such ones inadvertently, stricter rules were adopted than seemed in the different wards from week to week Ann Whitney for counselors. - requisite at first. Each one wishing to so as to give equal opportunities to all. rprpmnnv rf Ataf -w. nrrlinainci tirkiMi President Joseph Smith donated a city join the Society was required to present tion- was performed. When President a certificate of her good morarcharacter lot to the Society for the purpose of makSmith resumed his remarks, giving instructions how' to govern themselves in signed by two or more responsible ing homes for the homeless, and also to furnish work to those who were able to their meetings, what order to observe, persons. The meetings were opened and closed work and men out of employment, which hnw to regulate discussions, etc., and concluded by saying "Do not injure the with prayer, arid systematic order was he proposed deedin to the treasurer and In each meeting her successors in office for the Society. character of anyone; if members of the observed throughout. He also donated the frame of a house, society shall conduct improperly, deal reports were given by those whose duty it was to visit from house to house and in- and made arrangements for it to be with them and keep all your doings within your own bosoms, arid hold all characquire into the circumstances of the sick moved on the aforesaid lot for a comand destitute donations were received mencement of the establishment. But ters sacred." It was then proposed that Elder Tay- and those subjects discussed which ap- this benevolent .and judicious project, lor vacate the chair, and President Empertain to woman's duties, influence and with many others which were designed ma Smith and her counselors take the responsibilities, etc., whatever has a ten- for the amelioration of the condition of chair. dency to benefit and elevate society at suffering humanity, was blasted in the bud by the blighting hand of religious Elder Taylor moved, seconded by horne and abroad. President Joseph Smith, that we go Frequently President Joseph Smith, persecution, and through which the once into an investigation respecting what this Bishop N. K. Whitney and brethren of beautiful city of Nauvoo became a desoSociety shall be called, which was carried the Twelve met with the sisters and lation, and its inhabitants exiled to through the inspiration of the Spirit of Mexico. unanimously. counsel ana intelliGod, "who makes the wrath of man to (The discussion, which was lengthy and uoa, impartea gence; instructing not only in duties con- praise Him, has overruled, as He ever interesting, is wholly omitted.) By unanimous vote Miss Eliza R. Snow cerning the poor, but also in all the rela- does, in all things for the good ol them was appoined secretary, and Miss rhebe tions of life, as wives, mothers, daughwho put their trust in Him. M. Wheeler, assistant secretary, and Miss ters, sisters, as Saints of the Most High, In having been driven from a city, we Elvira A, Coles (the late Mrs. Holmes); our duties lo one another, and our res- have become a Territory should have treasurer. ponsibilities as examples to the world, etc. been a State and here the Female RePresident Joseph Smith said "I now The first winter after the Society was lief Society more amply developed than Presideclare this society organized with organized was exceedingly xold and se- in Nauvoo, has extended its borders in dent and Counselors, etc., according to vere. Many in consequence of exposure every ward and settlement from Beai parliamentary usages, and all who shall and hardship in their expulsion from the Lake in the north to Santa Clara in the hereafter be admitted into this society state of Missouri and the unhealthiness south, and yet as seenin prospective it must be free from censure and received of the climate of Nauvoo, had been re- has but little more than emerged from its r duced by sickness to destitution and had embryo state in comparison to its great by vote." Elder Taylor addressed the meeting by it not. been for the timely aid of the F. future. R. Society would have suffered very Published in the first numbers of the saying that he was much gratified in seeing a meeting of this kind in Nauvoo; his much and probably some would have Woman's Exponent, June l and 15, 1872 heart rejoiced when he saw the most dis- perished. About the last of July, 1842, when tinguished characters stepping forth in a OBITUARY. is cause which calculated to bring into some of the officials of Missouri were takexercise every virtue, and give scope to ing measures to drag President Joseph Ellen Redman Hutchinson, born at Luddington the benevolent feeling's of the female Smith from Illinois by an illegal process, Yorkshire, England.. May 17, 1833. Emigrated to Utah in ox team, enduring chee-a heart; he rejoiced to see this institution the F, R. Society sent a petition to rfully the trials and privations incident to such organized according to the law of heaven ; Thomas Carlin, governor of Illinois in trip. She with her husband settled in Salt, Lake ; his prayer was that the blessings of God behalf of President Smith, claiming his City, afterwards moving to Deseret, Millard Co., . . ana gie peace ot heaven may rest upon protection as chief magistrate. The pe- - beinc amom? the first settlers of that rlace: taking her share of trial and privation, as well as Indian this institution henceforth. tition was signea by every member of the troubles with the rest of her brethren and sisters. After singing "Now let us Rejoice," society, and presented by its President, At one time an old. Indian came to her house ask the meeting adjourned for one week. Mrs. Emma Smith, accompanied by Mrs. .ing: for food ahd everything else which he could ' Dismissed Amanda Smith arid Miss E. R. Snow. see. When Sister Hutchinson, refused to give the by prayer. Before retiring, each gentleman pres- The governor's residence was in things to him, he pulled out his knife. Sister a good ent gave a liberal donation to commence fifty miles south from Nauvoo. Quincy, Hutchinson took up the, fire shovel with He Indian. supply of fireotf iti andsran after the the funds of the institution. come The following is transcribed from my ran away as fast as possible, and did not f 4l AiTtin J l(M ah i lie luuuwiun lines wcic iuuiiu wniien- journal written after my return: E.R.S. ; back, ; ".'' on a scrap of paper and lying on an open For many years she was an officer in the tne "The governor received us with much Bible in the room where, and at the time Primary Association, also a teacher in to, cordiality and politeness as his excellency was master of, as- Relief Society both in Deseret and Hinckley, a when, the society was organized, which which place they moved from Deseret She was of his protection by suring, the that laws have been carefully preserved and transaying kind mother and great friend to the needy, depny and of constitution ouf shall be country his scribed as an appropriate frontispiece to polar ing herself of needful food many times to give in star case of any difficulty, lie manifested others.- - For five " she suffered from paralysis, the F. R. S. Book of Records: . to-th- blood-hound- e " . " io iy - - -- -- - u ... 1 " V 1 . . V A . X A. A. ' jL . Des--er- et , 1 , "O Lord, help our widows and fatherless children! So mote it be. Amen. With the. sword and the word of truth, defend Thou them. So iuulc li ue, Amen. ' much friendship,, and it remains for time and circumstance to prove "the sincerity of his protesta 7 tions. ". '. .... : . ; - We subsequently ascertained that at" - years which she bore without a murmur. J. was seized with la grippe, and diedyit the res dence of "her daughter, Mrs. James Garrett,. ' . ; Nephi. ,rQ ry R. TnEOBOLD, President Hinckley-Rri'- JT , MI - . 