WOMAN'S EXPONENT; TTrr i J; a constitution adopted arid "a systematic -- omans Exp onent i . Href cnnnnrtArc inrl nifrAn, hn ...ww . ui i me r""wtio ri iw .. . society begun. car r U11L1 i Tin mti nntirn rrni 111 tr t - r III V II .MJI.IL.LI. UllL.UUlfllT Without going into any of the details, .tiivini of their talents to the which are really of very great interest, ly to' contribute of the society, which he attended 1 we only desire to state that in the far success for regularly. Among those who were mem- - ! West, viz-- , Nauvoo, Illinois, a society woman's higher education and advance-mAn- f bers known to 'the writer, were Apostle celebrated hirl cnmnuD almost without effort Lorenzo Snow, his sisterthe ' F.li Snow. Hnn Vrm ttj I nrW Hon. bamuel W. Richard s. Hrin t WU a work as early as March 17, 1542. iwemy-si- x dinuton. won. Amasa M, Ly- - I years before this woman's. society in Liaudius v. spencer, I edi- author,TTpoet and Boston. On May 30;i863, the first meet- man, the renowned .. i 1IT. t T.' L!ii v maiev New Englapd-Clu- b ior ing to introduce the v i v 1 ac m k ntnrnr rviiiio Mr f f. i. nuns, to the public was held in Chickering Hall.' jaui(.a iuwiiuiiit At this meeting were such able friends Candland, Charles W. Bassett, CharleS f and advisors as Ralph Waldo Emerson, Lambert,T Gilbert Clements, iJohn B. Ii TJ..1.: James Freeman Clarke, Jacob Manning, irn F. A. Mitchell, T W. S- - Godbe, Judge- .v! II John Weiss, O. B. Frothingham, Thomas itr ri t xicrinnon. John Wentworth Higginson, Bronson Alcott, vv. rneips, jamcs lf.l.' D. Mrs. Edna and Bowring, Philip Margetts f Ward Lyon, Harry Howe, Julia f and others. Cheney. Musical contributors: Louisa K. Spen- - i Without in the least disparaging any effort put forth or any endeavor to bring cer, pianist; Sarah Kay, guitar, Helena and Jatogether social forces and to create a cen- RrChards, organ; Daniel Olson C. Dunbar, ter of valuable activity, we only desire to cob Hutchinson, violin; W. show that even at an earlier period in bagpipes. Of gifted .women who contributed ethe very heart of the desert, here in a country unknown, as it were, men and ssays and papers, songs and hymns: Elizwomen formulated a similar society to abeth Ann Whitney, Margaret P. Young, that of which Mrs. Severance speaks with Hannah T. King, a very gifted English such justifiable pride. The facts are hard- woman, author and writer; and Hannah ly known today even to our own young Cornaby, also an English woman, and people in regard to this society, of which another very notable writer, Margaret the writer purposes now to give a brief Sear. There were also of celebrated wostatement while, some .of the active men, Bathsheba W. Smith, Sarah M. members of that organization are still Kimball, Josephine Ursenbach, Zina D. H. Young, Susan Dudley, Eleanor Pratt, living. Presendia L. Kimball, Sarepta L. ASSOCIATION. POLYSOPHICAL THE These are a few names recalled Early in the settlement of Utah, even from memory, as we have no list or reamidst the struggle for existence, the cord for reference. The following paragraph from the Bdrift of thought of some of these remarkable pioneer men and women tended to- iography of Lorenzo Snow, written by his wards breadth of thought and higher in- sister Eliza R. Snow, seems a fitting tellectuality. It seems to. the writer at for this article and will give out readers this time that it is as striking an instance an idea of the order observed and the of this nature as history records anywhere. characteristic tone of the meetings: "The association met once in two The endeavors of those engaged in this literary work were, to enlarge, enlighten weeks in my brother's hall, which was and cultivate the powers of the human decorated in a manner to correspond with soul this was the supreme idea of its the occasion. The grand aim in getting founders. When the people came, the up the programme was to awaken an infirst thought was to make homes and terest by riveting the attention from the raise crops; they had brought with them opening to the close. To secure this ea printing press which may still be seen, ffect the parts allotted to each were full they established a newspaper, the Des-er- of Doint and viVor and no one was al- Newsl which still retains its name. lowed more than fifteen" minutes. The They founded a university and they did sjaeeches, songs, readings, recitations, in- - f. many wonderful things;, but it is of the strumental music, or guitar, organ, piano association of - men and women of ad- and bagpipes were all precisely assigned, f vanced ideas that the writer desires to and sufficient time given for preparation. tell in this desultory article. In order to preserve quietude and pro-Apostle Lorenzo Snow saw the need found silence, the one who was appointed for timely action and in his own home master of ceremonies was seated beside a laid the foundation for the first high table in the center of the hall, with pen- school in Utah and from that eventually ciled notes on small slips of paper, ingrew the Polysophical Society or gather- forming each one when the precise time ing for social, literary and general culti- for his or her part would, arrive, so the vation of mind and manners. A email lad wear t Hari This society- - continued with phehoiri ing an appropriate "badge moved quietly success; it numbered among its mem- around and ipresented the notes as ad-bers those, both men arid women, who dressed, and a ben light touch on a smallwere had not only broad views, but education, the signal of the moment, culture and" innate refinement even gave tnar j nothing to strictly enjoined present the feel- though they were pilgrims in' a desert would have a to annoy tendency land. ',;.."- v ? of any and nothing was permittea j ings There are poems and prose articles in on low witticism or that couiaA bordering l print that date as far backas 1854 and 1855, offend the .most 'refined. sensibility. the precise .date; is unfortunately not sacred, elp.vatinir rpfini no-- influence at an known to the writer, but the exercises times pervaded the assembly inspi ATere aliof '. tralitmusicTTecita-hon- s, pure and lofty sentiments. " essays, papers on various subjects; The effect of these varied exercises on in1 he meetings were exceedingly, interest- - vited guests was captivating." ' - i i cr-- I Vu. 5 EMMELINE D. WELLS Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNONTtsistant Editor Published- - monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy, one year, 1 1. oo; one copy six months, remuuon maae iot cruos. ; 50 nj red by mail, extra for postage one year. 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel ' A liberal disspace one time $2.50; per month, J3.00. count, lb tegular advertisers. South Temple -r Exponent office - Room 509 1 a.erapleton. to m. 5 from p. m., every 10 hours Business Street: day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, cisjo SaltLXkh City, Utah. entered at tht Fott Ofic .fttd im Salt Lake City, I Uh. as class matter. Salt Lake City Utah. July, 1907 THE FIRST LITERARY SOCIETY IN UTAH- - It has generally been admitted that New England took the lead, or perhaps one should say Boston and its vicinity, in progressive tendencies towards literary attainments, and it has been stated that womin's ohib3 and literary societies origr inaTed in Boston, or in the Far East. In Madam Severance's book entitled the "Mother of Clubs," she gives her experience and some of her ideas on the subject, and data, etc. She says, "To ' J t it a ii V a If lL. oiuu-iucmn tvk wuu ine auveiii urine uij own mind in the early fifties while living 1 C L 1 in Cleveland." Then she explains that fifteen years of her early married life were spent1 there, though she was born and reared in New York- - It was a frontier town then with very few intellectual resources, though there were schools and churches galore, Afterwards, and a library association. when in Boston and meeting some of the "eminent wise men and women in. the East," she says "I was especially attracted by Emerson and Alcott, for whom parlor "meetings were occasionally arranged." She was anxious to live in Massachusetts so as to have her sons go to Harvard, and wise woso she herself could meet men in literature" on some ground of and service." Mr. Alcottinformed her, it she wanted to live in Boston for its broader and finer atmosphere, that would be no disappointment, but to meet easily "the wise women" would be difficult, as they were "scattered in different circles, churches and suburbs." Another idea of such possibility as she desired came from reading in the English Woman's Journal, of the formation of clubs for women in England. " Mrs. Severance cherished this hope, . this idea. in her heart, it was a project . .which she agitated gently during the first three years after she had settled in Boston. She became a member of the board of the New England Hospital for women and children; also one of the "Sanitary Commission," during the civil' war, and other public measures of a similar kind. The possibility of the club-ide- a evolved in a series of parlor meetings. ... Notwithstanding, the years intervening of women coming between the thought a ; it. :i t "-th- e -'f- ellowship ri -- ri. f. 'iin suits and advancement, it was not until xudiui iu, iouo, iiieii uuicers were elected, : -- . ds-fnllyrt3ii:ani.ed4or-progressive4 - T-- -r- - r 4 ! ' 1 ienry-wiiiibuuu-nugn s i 1 . ' -- Hey-woo- d. et ; " -- e-- nal . ill - 