WOMAN'S EXPONENT, em. ?;;;w&o:mjxt: who tells in delectable verse " .: Jttt'z Of tt ' a, . the . . poet things Ve might part with and sot te the worse Fur.tbe misipg his list Tunning through the whole range Of pleasures anl treasures, of travel aM change, To et u with a crat little rhyme of repining, Tbit whatever we pait miih it can't be oar din-rhn--g;- h: ua gave me thpcrhr i"tpr:?-- ; is that I must chexve. we"d miss if once we should most lit object lose Kor treasures of art nor of gold npr of gem, It's came in our hearts is just knon as "Aunt dining nor-wini- n j years that hire parsed o'er us all, Cannot in their vita her image recall? Through scenes that have gladdened or saddened tne days Sizce the valley first dawned on the pioneers : Fo: who in the gaze. Through all their privation and hardship her hand Was Joremost to toil for the good of the land; Ia the struggle for woman's high honor alway Her name as a beacon has lighted the way. over the murk of the battle has hung Framed in laurels of pea and of deed and of tongue. And not only the pathway of note and renown Her footsteps have trodden but better, adown The still piths of sympathy with sore hearts. They have wandered, fall oft giving balm to their sen smarts. her word has met yoang aspiration's meek voicing With hope, inspiration, and meed of rejoicing. There are few of us here but have owed her some measure hope, help or praise in our daty or pleasure. So I say. ia (And I "trust the lilt of the poet I borrow his dark shade may not brood here to sorrow, . nr state, or our citv. balls offices, homes or the street Cou d ever seem quite to our senses csmplete, Cou'd we not oa the cheering conviction rely That somewhere among them Aunt' Em we should spy! And s:n e as we know, she is barely nineteen. For years yet to come she in the scene. Three d years having chalked out the That I cannot conceive how Our banquet -- will-mov- e keen-witte- day Of her birth, that among us she longer might stay. So here's to Aunt Em with the hearts of the Club In the liquid we drink when our glasses we rub. May the and the almanac Leap years increase, ' 'keep I . trick up its sleeve, that old Time mar not reap Her life with its scythe till he reaches the end Of his and ia all of the years she may mgbt A - - 1 aura i . mm h mm 9 -- I As Of 'aui o 1:?. While present : lathe viands we eat and the liquids we sip. And re-t-he . dear guest of honor, with heart and with Bat not Wm.JlSScy . Fct the tribute we've gaihensl together to pay, To oct 'Stake' Counselor . ; fal .hii, ' seenT 'Said reminded -- tier nf' th.lhl&A w w r WW r V.auvoo.-- 1twas. .!manuci tnat sne spoke cn apostacy and the fulfillment of j had not lost faith. While at Salt Lake prophecy. she had the privilege of seeing the watch I Prest. OJen X. . itohl felt he was in that preserved the life nf PrcirWf Tav. good company, and said, ' Th ese are lor in Carthage jail. things for mothers to consider, for a Pres. Julia Bingham reported Garland mother's care does more for her boys than ? ILSocietjwrh ere they jvveVe.: interest anvene else we cannot teach the children ed espeaally with the mothers work, we-dnot pactice ourselves;" Prest. Mary Fridehl of El wood reported hoped that ail the otneers and teachers mat society, spoke of existing circum kept the Word of Wisdom, so they could stances and cf the changes made for the J teach it when Aisitin;! the people, name wrigni. gave notice 01 a winter; had 173 bushels of grain in gran miss TT..' ary: barah rndehl reported the society Young Ladies conference and invited all of Bear River City; spoke of their granary the sisters. and expenses; referred to some traveling, ; President Booth spoke cf the time bemissionaries and of treating them kindly. ing too short for all to speak she would Prest. Ward of Willard felt proud to rep-- j like to hear; reminded the sisters of the the sisters of Willard. Said their yearly donations. resent .- I r i i The conference adjourned until thfe secdiienuarjce.was ico; are Duuaing a, new granary; spoke on charity. The congre- ond Tuesday in June, 1907, after singing gation joined in singing a hymn. "Prest. and benediction. Emma Vance, Mary Tolman of Honeyviile, reported that society; said they had not many Stake Secretary. poor, but had made quilts and carpets to help pay lor a building. Counselor Lticius Snow was pleased to MOTHERS TORK. look into the faces of the sisters; they MORGAN STAKE. were women who hid passed through Lesson 1. The nature of miracles. many trials and hardships the younger Lesson 2. Nature miracles. people cannot appreciate what these eld' H - esty;sbAAtypT lifnfe ' spend May the Lord hold her fast in a loving caress As we do that's one meaning you know ol the . Josephine. Spencer. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. , BOX ELDER STAKE. me conierence oi ine ivenei ouuieiy 1 . er sisters had passed through; said he had a great deal of respect for these sisters. Spoke on prophecies and their fullfilment and of the influence Sister Zina Young had over him on account of her kindness and her faith in God; he oould not realize it then as at the present time; no other person impressed him as she did; spoke of his dislike to the remark of not being religiously inclined; made a suggeston about lining granaries with tin. President Booth felt all had been blest this morning. Adjourned after singing and benediction. Assembled at 2 p.m., President Booth presiding. After the usual exercises. Prest. Love-lan- d of Deweyville reported , that society 34 meiribers enrolled, average attendance 20; the teachers are doing good work, but they have no poor in their ward, but had visited all the homes. Prest. Hannah Harper spoke on theWord of Wisdom; our burden is lightened when we live our relieion: referred to. the - I changes that had taken place since the- settled in these valle3'S.- Pres. Thome of Pern reported that ward, also made remarks on the Word of Wisdom. Counselor Julian Olsen of Mantua gave a report of their society and excused the presidents' absence;, spoke well of her; felt that they should all keep the Word of Wisdom. A selection was . given by six of the sisters. Sister Emilia D. Madsen was grateful . "Press," i for life inithis wonderful age; spoke on November. 13, 1906 at Brigham City" the Word of -- Wisdom ; gave instructions President Susannah P. Booth presiding. on mother's work, said, My whole am-h'tis tn scft mv familv eood Latter- Present of the stake presidency, Elder Lucius A. Snow. . day Saints;" she counseled the sisters not and fax tne granaries ".iici binding, prayer, auigiuj; dguiu, mc to store poor grainwould not spoil; gave so that the grain roll was called, twelve, branches were repinstructions on many subjects pertaining resented. Minutes were read and ' r to the spiritual welfare of the people in , cepted. President Booth felt grateful to the the ward. Counselor Mary Harding gave her experience on j the Word of Wisdom; conference lt conference; was thankful to see a good had visited Relief Society Lake City; saioVLet us.be kind and attendance." Referred to the conference at Salt Lake, the attendance there was helpful to one another." I mn - - 5 .'. , 1 ;., at-Sa- Lesson 3. Healing miracles. Lesson 4. Mind miracles and the raising of the dead. Ref. Young Woman's v Journal, Oct. 1906. Lesson 5. Faith and what it is. ' Ref Doc and Gov. Lesson 6. The object on which faith . rests. Lesson 7. Show the effect which faith , produces. Lesson S. Show what connection be tween correct ideas of the attributes, of God, and the exercise of faith in Him unto eternal life. Doc. and Gov. . (The figures in the followinglessons re- fer to chapters.) Lesson 9 (a) The preaching of Lehi his departure with his family into the wilderness, etc. Nepji obtains the plates of brass Zoram returns into wilderness.' Ref. I Nephi, 1: 5. (b) Ishmael and his family join Lehi. Lehi's vision- - Ref. I Nephi, 7: 10. Lesson 10. (a) Alma preaches - at Mulek - Alma at Ammonihah Amulek Words of Amulek unto people at Am- rnqnihah. Ref I Nephi S:- i2. (b) Words of Alma unto; people Amulek and Alma cast into prison, and afterwards delivered by the power of God Zeezrora is healed and baptized. Ref. 12: 16. Lesson 1 1. (a) Benjamin, king of the Nephites his reign and ministry his vision of the angel. Ref, Mosiah 1. 2, 3. (b) His organization of the Church of Christ the reign of King Mosiah II. Ref. Mosiah 4; 5, 6. (c) The return of the reign of his Zen iff to Lehi-Nepson ;Noah. Ref. Mosiah. S; 9. Lesson 12. (a) The origin of the Jara-h te - race Bab el the departure o n tb e journey to America Great faith of the brother of Jared concerning the two stones. Ref. Ether 1 to 6. (b) The journeyt continued foundation of a king-dom early kings the days of Imer and Akish. (Ref. Ether 6, 7. S, 9) - hi - - ElectA E. Porter, , -- BessiA. Porter. Sarah J. Durrant. Committee. 