I f i .. - ..- . - ' S to the sitate reference n i.z--t- r K)I ME LINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON. Assistant Editor. Published monthly, in -- Salt. Lake C y, Utah Terms: one copy one ear, $1.00; one copy s x month v 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs." City papers del red by mail, extra for postage one year. 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel disspace one time $2.50', per . month, $3.00, A liberal count to regular advertisers. EXPONENT office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: . Bu&ineaS hours from loa, m. to j p. m., every day, except SundJfy. Address all business communications to . Mrs. E D. WELLS, - Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Fost Office in Salt Lake Ctty, I tak, at ttccn City. Utah. - June, 1907 THE NEW VOLUME XXXVI. This number is the initial one of an and as . other volume of our little paper, these are times of great progress in the Reliel Society, and among women generally, and more especially the. women o( our own Church, it would seem essential that the sisters should renew and increase the subscriptionsthat a greater interest might be taken in making it more than ever, truly representative of the magnificent work in which the women of Zion are taking part. President. Brigham Young said to the editor, "Make the sisters understand that it is their record, their history, and let it be preserved as such;" biographies of the celebrated women "of the Church, was one of the subjects he insisted upon having published.. A large number of these have been written and are on record for reference ; during the past year in connection with the mothers' work, these histories of our departed sisters, and of some who are living now, have been studied and brought before the society in many wards, so that numbers of our women, who had only heard the names of these remarkable characters, who were associated, with the founding of the Church in this dispensation, have learned of their lives and what they passed through, in the days of the early struggles for the establishment of what is now so great an organization as the Church of JesusXhrist of Latter-da- y Saints. Every phase of the real public work of our women has been duly recorded in this little "paper; and the books are. kept, they have been bound in volumes by some of the sisters, and might have been by many others had they taken a little care to preserve them. It . . we fl for the sisters to realize that they are making history all the time,; as is" the days and months and years roll on; so -- ' ifhonk?t wprwrittn thateven WA ihfv . , w w W XX W V oniy cover a certain penoat or penoaicai carries lorward what is be ing aone on ana on, rerhaps there are some of our sisters who have never given this idea a thought, but when they want some particular fact or item on a subject in which they are especially interested then they enquire where such material can be found. There is seldom a day in the office of this paper, that there are not n n tun M..ma c f rrmr prn inrr of - ottVi circumstances relating to woman's work Dut-arpa- per 1 - iinr4prc (nrit vc rcy u might almbst- szty) unat to obtained by to if the information can be , , hunting through bound volumes. This is only a hint to the sisters, who are not in a position to know about these that things. In view of the great good has been done in the past since the paper first came into existence, and in consideration of the greater and much more imof, the portant future, we trust the sisters Relief Society in all the several stakes of Zion and in all the wards of the stakes, will take hold of the matter and see what can be done to maintain what is to each one of them, and to every woman in Zion a repository of the actual philanthropic and religious work done by themselves as a great organization, ihtvtxy greatest and grindest there is anywhere. It is difficult amid the accumulation of cares and duties that come into every day of the lives of these dear sisters, to dwell upon the vast magnitude of the work in general, and to think of their own share in it, yet each one is an essential factor of the great whole; and each member of the society, which was organized by the Prophet Joseph Smith himself for the betterment of the women of Zion, as well as for the amelioration and care of the sick and the needy, is uplifted in the best sense of the word by the furtherance of the work in its increasing magnitude and power for the good of communities, and society at large in all the places where a foothold has been obtained to introduce the Gospel. If it were possible to speak to each individual woman and impress each one with the vast importance of the Relief Society, in a. "heart to heart talk," one might then hope for successful results; however such personal conversation is not possible for any one, however deeply one may be impressed, therefore it rests with those of our sisters who appreciate the Exponent, fully realizing what it might be to our sisters in the great future, to do whajt is possible in each ward to awaken an interest in the matter, so that they shall not have any delinquencies or irregularities in the issue of the paper, and that will in itself render it of much more valuable assistance to the Society. There are those dear sisters who have never faltered in their allegiance, and who always pay promptly and in advance, notably Sister Bathsheba W. Smith, Sister Jane S. Richards, Sister Julia C Howe, Sister "Sarah Jenne Cannon and Sister Eliza R. Snow, who together with President Brigham Young was instrumental in founding the paper, used to pay every year in advance for two copies; we mention these facts to show how desirous' th ese good, faithful sisters are to have the paper better supported. There are other.women outside of nnr Society and Church who take- - the paper ana pay ior it, ana trunk it worth the while, and possibly our readers all know there are those in missions and afar. off, who need the paper in ; their work and ' whose circumstances are such that they are entitled to have it sent to them free. In fact, the Woman's Exponent travels far into many countries, and into homes of the lowly and of thehigh-bor- many Wroen of distinction: in: literary, circles,, authors and writers have spoken in com- yxiuicuiaiy icuus pi it, ana eveir men - who have traveled far and .wide", have m. it. as containing' ' - nothing r.nmmended " "ts vu" Expon- - . aa an American jecuuimuic, us papers do," meaning sensational matter ' scandals and divorces, etc. Certainly the Woman's Exponent has been a benefit and help to the women 6f Zion, and let us hope and believe that as there is now a much wider field Open for advancement along many lines that it may have increased inlluejice, bythQ larger encouragement iritheTncrease of patronage. , n. . BIRTHDAY OF BRIGHAM YOUNG. The first day of June, Saturday, 1907, was the anniversary of the birthday of President Brigham Young, and according . . . .U . L U 4 i I ilO il me cubiuui wuiLii iias uccii ciiaujisneu many years now, a large gathering of the -- 1 1 1 Young family was heloVin honor of the of memory of this great pioneer-founde- r Utah, its first governor and for thirty years President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, a longer administration than that of any other President. The people of this Western country, of them, should honor the memory all of he it was who sought who lead the people as Brigham Young; out these valleys, a veritable Moses of civilization, out of the boundaries who, under the inspiration of the Lord made it possible for thousands to come hither and find His wisdom and homes and protection. prudence in devising and calculating the whole scheme of converting the then arid desert into habitable cities and towns with every advantage essential for the growth and maintenance of family life, and vegetation of the greatest variety, are apparent to all those who knew the man, the great master-mind- . It is true he was surrounded with great men, with stalwarts possessing the pioneer spirit, but the fact still remains that in any question arising among them, they all looked to him, and yielded to his superior judgment. His capacity to see to .be done in making what was. neressarv . r r l i i.Jaeniecn me country truitiui to tne inignesi in all that was essential in the preservation of life of man and beast was marveland . 1 ous. Too much honor cannot be shown by his posterity and those who of the blessings of this- - Western civilization. However his works praise him everywhere, all about us "he lives in deeds," is emphatically true of Brigham Young. He had many honorable titles, but his name wherever it is spoken is a euldgy in itself. Foremost among those vho assembled at Wandemere on that day and who were called upon to speak to the people, ' was our present greats and K. J T have-partake- 1 ' - 1 n cmrnn lanat 1 1 -- r 1 L irAoinanT s n Vl if lvr 1111 v-- a " Smith, who paid the highesr tribute to the memory of BrighamYoung that.it is to possible for one great man to pay another. It was 'a powerful discourse and his eloquence appealed to the assembled jnultitude as that of no other have done. Many of those ; man-coul- d never, known' Brigham tar jTDung personally and the time is not distant when-the- re will be very;few wbo knew him intimately, as many do who present had are now living. 