sr-,-- :. ; "; n ficent and liwtfaa - - iiar&e r?-.- school- vnltip nf " lhe house and the meetinghouse the social aspects of life's stern struggle were well " wm1 rememDereu. ncnic men lages clustered round the more or less pretentious structures where the young wor-shi-assemble and where long winter evenings the monotony of existence isrelieved bv concertslectures, dances and amateur : or peripatetic-theatricals- . r At the time of this writing, the line of travel between these towns, whether by train or wagon, is flanked by miles uppn miles of waving fields of golden grain. Far as .the eye can reach across the broad level prairie, it meets this same rich prospect.- Towand again at close range, may be seen a group of harvesting machines, each drawn by four stout horses, these one behind anoth readers swinging er in joyous procession, cutting down a wide swath of the ripened, ruddy "crop, nnA tnccinrr nnt a steadv stream of fat. wealth-lade- n sheaves. a Perhaps group of aborigines from the p, in-th- -- e lowing in the wake of the harvesters, gathering the bundles into shocks ur stooks. These natives assist greatly in the solution of the local labor problem, white help being wholly insufficient in quantity where farming is done on so stupendous a scale; and the gaudy raiment of the squaws.with the flashing ornaments nftprtpA hv hoth sexes, together with the adjacent cluster of picturesque tepees and the band of diminutive and almost inevitably piebald ponies, lend color and vauety to the scene. Anon the mellow hum of the early thresher mayi be heard, for inf e 11 i tnis land 01 suaaen ana severe cnanges 01 weather, the prudent farmer loses no time betweenharvest and threshing his anxieties are not over till his grain is safely stored in his bins or received into the capacious maw of the lofty elevators or broad warehouses which line the railway track; Fierce and' greedy in iheir appetite are some 'of these monster steam threshers. They burn either coal or straw, and when working in good grain are capable of "shelling out" a bushel of clean wheat every twelve to fifteen seconds. As bushels make a load sixty to seventy-fiv- e for the ordinary wagon and team, it. will be realized that a considerable train of wagons are required to haul away the grain from the thresher to the granary or elevator. These are met along the road or are noticed gathered about the dusty, wnirnnK, dusy separator; aiiu ni mc ueai vicinity is observed also the long, low, . -- 1 i- - which mess-wago- n, canvas-covere- d is trailed about from field to field, being as indispensable a part of the caravan as the n or even the water-wagorit- coal-wago- he mess-waengine itself. ; A on is a model of compactness and is as convenient as sucrraxcomDined Kitcnen; diuiu luwiii) uujiug iwuui , auu paiiiij, bed-roocan be made. Its pre- cook's well-arrang- g- ed .jhr.buxom V - OUWIV.J tVif IUCSG Utowii'"""'" - m young: tpr! and she has assistant a younger girl where possible her sister who waits on or. a sunflower would choke the table during meals, helps in the dish- even a lizard to death. ; In seasons of rain it has sim-- : washing afterwards, and between times day week after furnishes company for the otherwise lone ply poured, day after whole country was woman with the outfit." Cooking for a week, until the thresher trew is no jinecurejfor with -- soaked full and the badger holes ran breakfast at daylight; supper at" early water like'living springsrOnlyJast win candle-light;- " dinner at high noon, and a ter there were several dreary week's duwhich the thermometer never regisgenerous distribution of wide.thick wedges ring better.thari ten degrees below zero, oLpieJetween regular mealtimes, if the tered that down to fifty below. machine stops for a few minutesfor your ranging-frothresher-ma- n eats every time he gets a Then there is wind, and still more wind: chance, and all the time has an appetite wind that brings blizzards with it. wind little less ravenous than Jtbe machine he that warms air and soil, and melts the provide snow like magic; wind that seems to travels with this would seem-ta program sufficiently strenuous for the scorch and wither with its hot breath, most industrious and exacting devotee of wind that wafts moisture and refreshing coolness over nature's heated face. There . the culinary art.Nearer the towns are the fields devoted are potato bugs and cutworms, mange to the culture of that splendid wealth and mosquitoes, and as varied and vigorproducer the sugar. beet; and here, later ous a collection of noxious weeds as any But with all in the season, will be found, not only the farmer would wish to see. Lamanites of both sexes and all agesv to- this there is health and happiness, and gether with their ponies and their droves there is, and there is going to be more, w w w vvwv of dogs, but the white man also and; his v r their futute of and in adversity, whole family, all. engaged plowing,, their period with is radiant promise. They have pulling, ".topping" and hauling the juicy saccharine root. The skill, precision learned by experience how to meet and and rapidity with which the squaws make themselves comfortable under the and children whack off the tops of the conditions which exist, and to which they knife, were aforetime unaccustomed. There is beets with a broad villanous-lookin- g holding the beet in one hand and wieldhardly one who has not bettered his ciring the weapon with the other, suggest cumstances by going there not one who both careful practice and native dexter-i- t with the exercise of ordinary industry and or.Jh e ke e n b a d e s eem s to make thrift can fail to prosper. From the its way to the hairsbreadth of the proper seventy of their earlier struggles they have come forth refined and improved. place and angle of decapitation. Within the limits of the town or vil- The toils and hardships associated with lage proper are gardens whose every making a beginning, with getting a bare r, if shown living even, are now things of the past. product Would be a In the The comforts of life, nay the luxuries, in almost any other clime. matter of vegetables, these Canada setare now in evidence on every side. Bettlements can hardly be surpassed,, if ter cultivation has made better farms indeed equalled. For size flavor, crisp-neand better crops. Machinery eases the is whatever the term that means burden of the agriculturist. His wife and the best that can be grown from new, daughters, relieved of the discouragefresh, vigorous, fertile soil the epicure ments and the drudgery which bended who dotes on the - succulent products their bodies and benumbed their souls, from the bosom now find time for intellectual enjoyment which come health-lade- n of Earth must not reckon his in sopieties for philanthropic work and associations for mutual improvement. His experience filled or his soul satisfied until he has tasted the good green garden sons, though they have learned and are stuff of Southern Alberta. not ashamed of the business of f arming or Of the great stock growing industry; ranching, can go to college. He himself ' the rich grasses, the sleek, can rest serenely in the evening of his saucy "cattle upon a thousand' not life, feeling that in bringing his family to "hills," but prairies (there are rid'' hills' the new. land he has put them in the worth mentioning) I have as yet said way of sound, healthy bodies, clear; pure nothing. Much also might be written minds, the glorious independence that about the untold and incalculable coal comes from contact with and true affecmeasures underlying the whole country, tion for tbe-soiand the possession of a and numerous other splendid resources inneritance ot fertile acres, a porand industries. But the limits of this goodly tion of this footstool of our God. have been;tiow paper reached, and there remains space' but for a Concluding word, ; : :..;v.: ; RELIEF SOCIETY NURSE CLASS. Allusion has been ma rfa tn th nrAenar. f ity now'smiling upon the people. But it The several stakes of Zion are hereby any um ue uorne in mind that to this happy condition they have come up notified that the Relief Society Nurse Class for this year will begin in Septemthrough a full measure of tribulation. ber with the first session of the L. D. S. University. The important work is under the auso . - . - yf 1 . prize-winne- ss fat-produci- ng l, 1 .. R.K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. ?, oa, 7 1 jviain st, bait fnr vmir mnnpv n4 mnrh aa r.nossihlp - 7" The climate is rigorous, at times severe.; It is a, region 9f extremes of weather. In years of drouth and of these there have been quite enough it would seem that - Lake City, Utah. : - . -- TWVf MO W ill vj J pices of the general Board of : the Relief Society who desire the earnest aopera- - Ellis RShippTM - . I?-- 7 Instructor 