WOMAN'S Wcites't have-bee- n mtlentertained izSk? oviirtVtl wftj,t m her home, Iviiere the Spirit pf, God always seenvd to abide. bg also had the courage of her convictions and. no adverse influence which could be brought to -- ; bear would cause her to deviate from what she considered her duty. She was an exemplary wife and mother, a' consistent Latter-da- y Saint, and had an abiding faith in the Gospel, and in the Divine mission of the Prophet Joseph with whom sheua.in imately acquainted, and forwhorn'she "entertained ltereatest ' love, rbspict " . aadTcnefa-tion- bbe is survived by her daughter Mrs. Alvira L. Cox in whose home the closing years of her life were spent, and . Mr.. O, Hf Cooledge of. La. She also leaves nine grandchtl-d- ? Grande Oregon. en and five . great-grandchildre- n. Funeral services were held in the Manti TaberTuesday; Nov 27. The speakers all paid glowing tributes to her :blarheless useful life and stti ling qualities ot head and htart. She was laid to rest in the beautiful cemetery beside her husbmd, who passed awav some years ago. Blessed are ihey who die in the Lord, Com. nacle on A CHRISTMAS ROMANCE. Continued from page, fj.) v girl, too, beautiful and true, and like your . Geraldine, she was betrothed to another, a dear friend, a college chum of mine, they were wed, and she died soon after; tell you that is why I entered the Holy Order in the Church, and and shall I strange indeed it is that you should come tome, thegirLI loved and would have wed was Geraldine Wesley's mother." Before the young man had left the convent, he had told the good Father, who now seemed nearer to him than the offer he intended to make to be-for- Geraldine, his brother's widow. e, "I shall her to marry me straightway, and take her away to the old home in Lincolnshire, if it is not too much encumbered with mortgages. I have some idea of the place and its surroundings and what will be needed, and I have a strong attach ment to the forests and parks, as I remember them in my boyhood, the house urge m London it l could purcnase it wouia bring up too many sad memories for Geraldine, it was there the first years of her married life were passed. I go now to. meet my fate, confident I shall win, and if I am fortunate in my hasty wooing,' we will drive' here for you, dear Father Mathew, to solemnize the marriage. An Revoir" And so they parted after clasping each other's hands at the convent gate. Horace Brandon hastened to the Banks to make hurried preparations ior departure, and after taking a plain dinner wended his way to the abode of his sister-in-laBettie, as though anticipating his coming, beamed with smiles when she admitted him, and he was soon in the presence of the one beloved and her little flock of children, to whom he was "therjeh uncle from far away," of whom they had been told. They climbed doom mm joyously," telling mm ot tne beautiful presents that Santa Claus had brought, not forgetting the stories their w. mamma had told them of the ''Babe of Bethlehem." to. 'My little girls, would you' like-mtell your mamma a beautiful fairy tale said their uncle. "Yes, O yes!" the little ones shouted. o, do! Mam ma tells us fairy "stones wneu she is not too tired; "pretty Ones, too.V "Now you run away and tell Bettie to e EXPONENT. 47 ' ..Sr7r--..v. itiu Christmas story that ever was told." -- lThe.,teawaS" fprthcoming-an- d Horace love nis preiaced it was story by as old as time itself, and saying always new in every individual case, .he had always ioveo tne Deautitul in nature, art; poetry, music and women; he had only seen' one woman - above alt "others" that "had "been enshrined in his heart since he met her, seven years before; he had begged her picture from a friend of herVand taken it: with him when he left home; and carried it next his heart in all his wanderings, his visions of her when alone at f, night time, or when in the lonely places, wherever he might be, he could always see the face of this fairy creature, it was more to him than all the world; now, little girls, would you like to see the picture?" All at once cried "Yes, yes, show us the picture!" He drew from his inside pocket a velvet case enclosing a srriall medalion of Geraldine Wesley, and Jennie cried, "My mamma, my pretty mamma? Where did you get it?" Embarrassed beyond speech, Mrs. Brandon rose to leave the room, but with a courage born of his heroic love, determined to stake all "at one fell stroke," he took her in his arms, and there, in the presence of the three little witnesses caressed her as he would a child. There, was no mistaking his meaning, as he plead for an immediate marriage, and assured her every preparation had been made. She did not make any pretence of mistaking his avowal of love, but felt it was too hasty.yet there were none to criticise, and his plea to get away from London, and breathe the country air, not only for himself but for the little ones, overcame all her scruples. The picture you were painting must be with dispatched to Lady Maynard r t sage; and tne nousenoid goods pactced on to the nearest dealer in second hand arti r far-of- : . a-me- s- faff ms oroiner were oorn, ana nis tatner I'lMfiiii rirr nnn nrnpr mpmnprs i i the family, before him, and found less inconvenience of "mortgages than he had anticipated.1; An uncle of his was in possession, not a Brandon, but married to one. He vvas eager to get rid of the obligations and see the old place repaired and restored to one 'of the family name. rnde of inheritance is a strong characteristic in these old landowners, and their descendants on this side of the water are equally tenacious in this respect. To make a long story short, Horace in the long winter evenings related to his bride the story of Father Mathew's attachment to her mother; and she explained something of her own early life when her father was the Vicar of St. Budolph in Lincolnshire, and how happy she had been in that more simple life before her aunt had brought her out in society and she had been betrothed and afterwards the wife of his elder brother. "We shall be happy here, 1 know, it is not so far from my old home, and I love the woods and fields of Lincolnshire. E. B.W. ... 2'";;r4-Y-Mw- 1 1 ; : , -- V UTAH WOMAN'S PRESS CLUB. The Utah Woman's Press Club held its annual' meeting October 30, fifteen years since its commencement, at the home of Mrs. Emma Jensen. Mrs. E. B. Wells, honorary president, in the chair, by courtesy of the members. Opening prayer by Dr. Ellis Shipp . Mrs. Zina Y. Card was unanimously accepted as a member of the club. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year: President, Mrs. Minnie J. Snow; first vice president, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp;-seconvice president, Mrs. Maria Francis jsecretary, Mrs. Florence S. Critch-lotreasurer, Mrs. Emma Jensen. Mrs. E. B. Wells, in behalf of the club, presented the retiring president, Mrs, . d w; Emma Jensen, with a picture, represent ing "Study," with her usual grace and elocles." ' ' Geraldine had no valuables to speak of, quence. Mrs. E. Jensen responded with expresso a few short hours sufficed to complete sions of love and gratitude to all the was the paid members. Delicious refreshments were landlady the, arrangements; a month s rent in advance, and by five served, and altogether a very pleasant o'clock all was done, the carriage was at evening had been arranged by the hospitthe door and a trap for Bettie and the able hostess, including a number of guests, Horace had brought over friends and neighbors. from India, with the few packages, boxes, Maria Francis, etc., .trunks were strapped to .the Secretary pro tern. - one iota without and Geraldine, of regret, left the miserable lodgings in Putney Row. They drove to the convent OUTLINE UINTAH RELIEF SOCIETY. and when admitted Father Mathew manifested not the least surprise. Ii the Lecture i Veneration For Sacred simple little chapel of the convent the Things. ceremony was performed with a few (a) Proper conduct in houses of worpriests for witnesses, and the two Sisters of Mercy who, had called on Mrs. Bran- ship, (b) Respect for the sabbath, don on that memorable Christmas Eve (c) Veneration for sacred ordinances. the day before. 2 :M others to be CompanAll this time Bettie was in a state of Lecture" ions. T"7 great exaltation, for her dream had come (a) Mothers should share the joys, sor true and proud she was to know that her mistress, had consented to leave dirty rows and amusements of their children, London. These were the days of slow (b) Strive to do honor and justice to the travel arid poor accomodations at wayside Dature of the child. inns and hostelries, comparatively speak- Lecture 3 Faith. ing, and the journey that could now be (a) What is faith? (b) On whom does taken in a day or so occupied weeks. To ,Sho w that.it is.a. prin little annoyances are our faith rest the but trifles, and the travelers reached the ciple of action, (d) Show that it is a old Manor in Lincolnshire .where Horace principle of power, (e) Example of faith. - ; man-servan- t, four-wheel- er . , ---- newly-married- 'z:Lr c) -- 