WOMAN'S EXPONENT :.; LTr4 (a) Means of acquiring. Faith. ""'tar'" t THE N. W. R. S:XONVENT10Nv;-:-;- f convention convened Nov, 18,106, ' -J (b) Means The and 2 p. of increasing (c) Means of retaining, and held two sessions, at 10 a.m. ; m., at Flamm's Hall, Rexburg, Idaho V" (d) Example of faith. .. On the stand Of the presidency of the AlLecture 5Industry. stake, Presidents Thomas E. Bassett, (b) How to bert Heathy President Matilda Flamrn, (a) Necessary to success, Counselors Sarah A. Barnes and Tamar aeachjchildrenlojprrn habits ot mdust ry. Trcks7Dr."RrBrPenroserof the General-Boar- d (c) .Benefits to be dented from it. of the Relief Society, Pres. Jane (d) Mention some instance where a seem- e Osborne, of the Y. L. M. I. A., and Pres, ingly impossible obstacle has beenover-comWinters, of the stake Primaries, and a by industry- number of presidents of theRelief Society,-alsLecture 6 Charity. ,.. Pres. Ezra Christensen of the Ricks (a) Charity suffereth long and is kind. Academy. At the morning session, Pres. Flamm (b) Charity rejoices not in another's downfew fall nor feels pain at another's prosperity." gave an address of welcome in a choice words of encouragement, and giv(c) Why should we. exercise charity. ing a short report of the Relief Society AuLecture 7 Properly Constituted work for the last year. Alljhe wards had been visited twice.except one, a very disthority." but once. (a) The Church to which we belong tant one.which had been visited flourishin a most being the work of Christ; every mother They found nearly all should show by her: acts that she. con- ing condition, and the workers diligent siders it: her duty to sustain all properly and energetic. Pres. Barrett spoke in a most encourconstituted authority.- (b) Why? .(c) How? aging manner, commending the work of (d) Benefits to be derived. and their diligence, and thesociety Lecture 8 Errors to be avoided. blessed them in all their efforts to do good. Excellent papers were read by Coun(a) Using your influence against the and Tamar Ricks. authority of the Church, Stake or Ward, selors Sarah A. Barnes Dr. Romania B. Penrose spoke a few whom you have by uplifted hand agreed to sustain, (b) Unkind criticism. Im- words in appreciation of the excellent work the society was doing. puting evil to actions not Understood. At 2 p.m., though Afternoon session. Lecture 9 Courtesy, the weather was intensely cold, and some (a) Courtesy is uplifting as it leads each oi the sisters had walked two miles before to render proper respect to another, (b) daylight to catch a chance fo ride to RexThe Wives should be courteous to their hus- burg a large assembly convened, with to bands and children, (c) Children should afternoon services were dispensed be taught to be courteous, (d) Advant- give opportunity to all to attend the convention. ages to be derived. After the opening exercises, Pres. AlLecture 10 Purity. bert Heath spoke some time in a most (a) The pure in heart shall see God. praiseworthy manner of the work done (b) Pure thoughts induce pure actions, in the Relief Society, and reported to their great diligence and energy in visit(c) How to gain pure thoughts, ing the branches. Said they had done , ,. o - -- . Lecture 11 Honesty. (a) If thou shalt find that which thy better than the brethren in this line. Papers of special interest were read, notably the one by Mrs. Stevens, who Was selected as second counselor, Mrs. Ricks resigning. Brother Christensen, president of Ricks Academy, spoke many words cf commendation and of the work Practice What You done by the encouragement Lecture 12 sisters !n their Relef Society ; Preach. labors. The Presidency o f the S take felt so (a) Good intentions are worthy to be sustained by honest persistent efforts to well pteased with the work of the Society that they set aside the 1 8th of November carry them to efficient execution. as a permanent date for the convention Annie K. Bartlett, '...;..,.... to be held annually. Beautiul music was ' Sarah A; Colton . rendered by the academy choir, and two Rhoda S. Goodrich, v solo's of fine voices were rendered Commitee. the convention. The benedictionduring was given by Brother Henry Flamm. R.B.P. neighbor has lost, thou shalt make diligent search till thou shalt deliver it to him again. Doc. and Cov. When children pick up articles of value do we encourage them to try to find the lawful owner? theTiraesate sociations. v- - tctiKns other as- C. Hale, spoke Stake President-Eliz- a 'of the necessity of ' training our "children a'nd teaching our daughters to choose suitable companions in life, also of duties of teachers, thought the Society.would be more successful if the teachers would do ' . - IheiFduty. We can Counselor Julia H. Pond. all get the spirit of our work if we will seek the Lord and attend to our meetings, and encourage others, visit the sick, minister to the poor, encourage the sisters to attend conferences, we have joy in doing our duty", spoke of the mothers work. Counselor Louesia Corbitt spoke of officersin'all associations doing their duty, Said we should trust-i- n the Lord in rearing our children and teach them to be obedient to those that are placed over - - them. The Stake presidency were present and gave very timely advice to the sisters, encouraged them to keep the spirit of their work, and God would bless them in their desires to do good. We hope to continue in the work of the Lord, and look for success in our labors as long as we are faithful. Catharine Sorensen, Secretary. ANTHONY HOUSE BURNED. The early home of Susan B- - Anthony in Adams, Mass., was destroyed by fire on Dec. 7, with a loss of about $12,000. Part of the house was built by Miss Anthony's grandfather, Humphrey Anthony, about 160 years ago, and part by his father Joshua Tapham, 50 years earlier. The structure was two and one-ha- lf stories in height and contained 18 rooms. It had recently been refitted and partly remodeled inside. It was owned by Mrs. Hannah Boyle of Lake Geneva, N. Y., and Albert Dickinson of Chicago, who bought it some time ago on account of its historic value, ' It was occupied by Charles A. Daniels and family. The fire was caused by the The loss of overturning of an this historic building will be a cause of regret to the friends Ex. the country. in-la- w, -- oil-sto- ve. bf-equal-ri- all-ov- er ghts, ..J':. : CONCERNING WOMEN. . A Revolutionary ces Farrell, president of v Mrs. Fran- the Stoughton (Mass.) Equal Suffrage League, writes: "I never hear women's inability to fight 1 of the Relief-Socie- ty that I do of Bannock Stake was held at Thatcher, discussed, as it was yesterday," not thinlcof an ancestress" of mine, Mary Idaho, November 3, 1906, Stake President Drake by name, who belonged in Sharon, Eliza C- Hale presiding, most of the wards not far from the home of Deborah Sampson. She defended her son's property when he was in the Revolutionary army by driving from his barn with a pitchfork a squad of British soldiers who had come to forage. The commanding officer Lake Uity. Uta h . her name at the next house, say 'If I had a regiment of such .women,- -I sollclt your patronage. ing, to ,Ve aim give you would storm hell with them!' " "bannock Mrs. Ida7 H. Harper is in New York this1 winter, doing research work for one of the large magazines. X.Mother. ' The-conferen- Stake. ce - R. K. THOMAS DRY mdiri 01., salt vi, WE ARE IN OUR NEW i STORE ' and v as much as possible for your money. - . GOODS CO. : -- rr InY Uo - fin-quir- ed 