r- - r :XTt" 3$. " r, a light they shed ' '" O'er each old iount and grovep A ftemoiy of the gentle dead, lingering spell of love. . . AroundthVtbristmas tree, Join hands in charity , Ami hail with joy Tan J praise whatever: lights our war. ' So shall each unforgotten.word W fanr f arrtbcstHovrt 1: vnerrvs tHek.gifislimd.iilLthsiQd big by the chimney piece and on chairs -- kingdom of heaven." It is good sometimes to banish care and if possible forget, or lay aside the everyday worries, annoyances and perplexities that trammel us and .make us enirritable, and hinder, whole-hearte- d joyment; but if only one could be joyous for the sake of the children it and care-fre- e would be better for oneY own health. as well as happiness; and in the years to come thechildren grown to mart and womanhood will recall with greater pleasure how father and mother and the older members of the family entered into the Christmas spirit-wit- h" them, when they and were of a young tender age; and they, will not only follow the example set for ing The n souls rejoiced to hear, When harps were in the hall,- c - And etch proud note made lance and spear Songs-thei- r . j ; '- t.i-iiV- VI1C TT- L "" CjU"" it is a beautiful building. Reported the labors of the Stake, Board, said we are united, we feel our weakness, u we iry inc uic33iii;3'ui iiic to do our duty. We visit each ward once a year, Have, twenty branches in the stake, "find the sisters united and energetic, and ready to comply with instructions given. She spoke of the stake business meetings, where we get reports, we have no helps, but expect presidents and counselors of the different branches to be cur helps. Also of Missionary Sisters visiting eacn otners society ana onnging in reports .of improvement to all, those who are yisiting and those who are visited. We feel, highly honored, to have Sisters Julina L. Smith and Julia P. M. Farns-wort- h from the General Board with us . tuuay. uut-wu- possi-bler-t- he i-,u- ru . President Minnie. Nebeker of the first spoke-o- f the new building we are permitted to meet in today, it is not quite finished so we.cannot dedicate it today as anticipated. About a year ago we had some over $700 from selling buildOn last ing of former Relief Society. ld ward-Richfie- Thankgivin Day each sister donated $1. We met with the. Bishopric, counseled with them, we asked the brethren in the ward how much they loved their wives and in this way we raised between $500 and $600. Bishop Heber Christensen and William Ogden and many others assisted materially. yWe have made our hall laree as we found the need of a- house to meet in socially and have parties, and encourage the young people to meet with us and enjoy the Spirit of the Lord-SisteNebeker also gave a Lecture, "Sphere of Woman", made many beautiful remarks, a good woman ever being dispenser of love and joy in every home, and musing a good influence where ever she may be. Vocal Solo by Sister Anna Orrock and company. - r President Henrietta Wright, Richfield, 2nd ward, spoke of holding meeting each 1 J k f - U rrA O'i' ieei uicaacvi iviuuud.y ttt j p. in.. oisiers in visits of teachers, also spoke of the Relief Society house, and congratulated Sisters of the Kt ward, tn havfi such a nice place to meet in,- and enjoy young peo1 1 - -- ple socially. Sister. Tuliha L. Smith: felt more than pleased to meet with the sisters said "I can feel the Spirit, that you are united, it is the nicest Relief Society Building I www. t Ar Y . VlU"ttlu wt J UUC Utt3 0 toniy" ior o luci xiii sisters, but young mothers should be called to visitSvith the sisters who are older. Said PresidentxBW.:Smith sent her bye iv . is-ooci- etysn -- RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. ' : SEVIER STAKE.- - -- 7 Thrill oa the banner'd wall. The sdngs that through our valleys green, .SenLoit tronL.ageciiig( Like his own river's voice have been - Tlie peasant's heritage, W..W fciety Hall, mr rag-doll- v - , - - rati were visiting our stake, were present. After opening exercises President C. Sorensen' welcomed 'the visiting sisters and all present. ' : E. read Magleby an adPresidenOrary dress- from President B. W. Smith, to officers of the Relief Society, after which President C Sorensen said,, she was old songs, but for the old memories to be handed down, remembrances of thegenial days of life that when the little ones now clustering round the Christmas fireside,, or the Christmas tree, or playing at the father's knee are grown they may carry into the yearsto come that beautiful home picture of Christmas or holiday times in the early home andrehearse such themes to the children of that later time. Banish care and gloom for a day, or a few hours (whatever the cause) for the sake of the children. The English people have many simple pastimes and customs that havebeencbntinued.ilown the ages almost, and they are very impressive, although some writers tell us that now in England, Christmas is not. what it once was. "The world has become more worldly, more of dissipation and less of en joyment. The traditionary customs of golden-hearte- d antiquity, its feudal hos- -. pitality and lordly wassailings have passed away with the baronial castles and statein which they were celely manor-house- s brated. Thev comported with the shadowy hall, the great oaken gallery, and the tapestried parlor, but are unfitted to the light, showy saloons and gay drawing- rooms of the modern villa." Yet, now among the peasantry many of the pretty'customs are still kept up, evergreens distributed- from house to house, the sound of vthe waits on the midnight air, howeyerrude. the minstrelsy may be, awakenssentiment and breaks the midnight watches, and reminds one that the season of-- , festivity, and of peace and of good will to all mankind has returned, and that mutual greetings of relatives and friends is being proceeded with even though we have radiators instead of the great open fire, and Teddy Bears in the s or real ones, but let us place of and believe, and perpetuate if hope gathering of kindred and friends and the open hearted hospitality of "ye ' olden time." ; : But at family holiday dinners of banquets, there is usually inadvertently much historic matter in the conversation that one may glean for his own benefit or future use, though there mav prevail an innocent hilarity and a spirit of revelry, mingled with the songs and jests and superstitious legends. . ' rarnswottn, lrom tne ueneral Board;who The writer does not' only wish Jor the j ' -- to. your "sobs those 'melodies, Sing ' The songs your father's loved. ns them .but will recount to their flock of little ones the-- childish sports and games, and fairy tales of their own happy; childhood, and thus perpetuate the- - family, historyon its social side in a way to make a lasting impression. Nothing is more true on this subject or expresses the idea in Kwe desire to convey thaaUh the horn e of the songs and hymns o f th e times, and of the past, Mrs. Heman's exquisite poem,5 "The Songs, of Our Fathers: reiterates the thought; we quote here a verse or two'T:!;;-:'::T''T- ' -. ht naturally; there are fewpeople in the world who are not touched with kindli- -. ness in some degree at Christmas, and as the years roll on the sentiment, the feeling that the day inspires does not die out, indeedronc might say Christmas "wears well," we never tire of it, especially the children arid those who enter into the innocent spirit, and the pastimes of the little folks; the Savior whose birth we celebrate loved little children, and gave the pattern for all to follow, when He said to His disciples, "Except ye become as little children ye shall not enter into the ' " "rr'r-...- . Call back the hearts which once it stired To childhood's holy home. and tables and the Xmas trees, great and small, in' parlor or bedroom or hall,, anywhere that there is room enough Q of the children" what Joy and pleasure it brings to the home, even though some of the elder' ones are full of cares and anxieties or sorrows, yet the children's mirth and, playfulness, songs and laughter cannot but bring rays of sunshine into the saddened hearts, andtfiere-for- e it is good to have trie Christmas time, whether the snow falls, or the wind blows, or whatever troubles assail us from without, or within no matter. Xmas comes to all, rich and poor, high and low, and it is as welcome inthe humble cottage, as in the lordly mansion. It may be that all do not realize its true meaning, or give heed to the admonitionsr that might be of real benefit to them, but it always brings thoughts the-delig- "".' Murmuring the names of mighty men, They bid our areams roll on. glen Where valiant deeds were done. , And so Christmasjias Gme againvith; arid poise, and overflow of its hurly-burl- y playthings and toys for the little girls and boys Santa Claus himself to distribute , vt IT N So let it be ; and-reflectip- T.Vun XThe Relief Society Conference? of Se- fa VP cnmfr' tQ all. nf'Vior oYripri"pnrftS in taking care of old ladies; she loved to visit with the sisters, almost every sister WJF . vier Stake convened in Richfield Relief r. M: farnswortn spoKe ui oisrer Society Hall at ten a. m. June 22, 1907. the new juna Stake President Christina -- V - Sorenseir irrRich hall, and of the other two bails field;ars6oFth e "Iectur e giv en : presiding. nt Minnie Nebeker; she" said our Sisters Julina L Smith and Julia P, M, husbands are the best . husbands in the . V . by-Pres- 7 - ide 