7 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. J A we saintSr know the r the work and we appreciate their help and L,auer-aa- y l niia i3 uui uuiy cnance j for. doing .our work, so let us be diligent and do all we can. Let us train our daughters guard them with all our might, let us bear our trials with patience ind prayer. There is much to be done and when we are .in the line of our duty we can do more than when we take a day off. . Sister Jennings said, we are the best wbrrten on the earth and let us sustain each other and sustain "and uphold our to1)e-pure,-let-u- s . pf evident.:" ; After singing and prayer conference journed until 2 o'clock. v. ad- Afternoon Session: President Siandring presiding. After the usual exercises, President M. A,, Andersen reported Lehi ist ward. President Serena McKinney, Fairf- ield branch. . m . 1 L wiui iif rparmts-shrt-niuvc- d to Arizona in 1878 and reside.! m St John's twenty four ears, enduring the hardships inu cnt to the settl n of a new country. in iy,5i fcbe cajncjoJalU laalio. where she has ever Miu-- resided. -November 26ih. she was married to John Elbert hitr in the St. Grorue She has been; he mother mple. of children. She leaves a devoted husband and. seven children (six sons aid one daughter), a fatherland mother two brothers and three sisters to mourn her untimely - -- L-tt-- e 1 - 1 death Physically she was in a ddicate 6ondition. which' makes it all the moie sad. All was done for her relief that Iov n hands could do. but to God had called and she ohevtd tne summons. he was a faithful Lattcra Sa nt she passed peacefully away, in full axurance of a glorious resurrection. Vic funeral services were held August 19th. they were conducted by Bishop Win. De Many beautjful florals were placrd upon the casket by her many dear friends expressive of their sorrow and grief over her departure The speakers bore test m.ny to her integrity to the gospel, and their, remarks were Conso.ing in their nature. Sister Jane has been a member of the Relief Society of this ward since bcr arrival. She was choe as 2nd counselor to President Nellie D. De, April 25th. 1007. She magnified her calling, ot a short duration, the won the although no-avai- President Kate Allred Lehi 2nd ward. are united and in harmony'with the bishops. Sister Clarke read a sketch of- the life and labors of Sister Mary S. Hindley, 1st rtas president of the Relief Society of American Fork. jrespectand love All gave good reports, K1BUTE. To the jnemory of our U.ir sister - ;an- - i:. White. . who depute:! t is life Auirnst i6th. "too?, aft,r a few dxS - V- - flie was ihe .lanRhtrr i.f John understand their motives. Sister Jennings said: This is a broad use ui 1 3? of her sisters. Stake Counselor Annie C Hindley. RESOLUTIONS. Many people in the old world are longing He it resolved that we the sisters ot the Relief to come to this land, but when they get Society ofthe Basalt 'Vard lo mcst deeply m urn here do we make them welcome? We tie Josh of k faithful a sister, and feel it is hard death, but are willing should call .on them and assist them all to become ra onciled to bow in humble submission to to Faber's will. we can and show that weare not afraid He it resolve! that we extend our heart felt to associate with them as members of the sympathy to her husbmd. "chihtren parents, Church. Felt to testify to the sketch of brother-anGod to bless them, sisters, and and teel make He them is their friend. fhat Sister Hindley's life, knew that she had Be it fun her resolved that b se resolutions be been a mother to many besides her husentered in the minutis of the Relief Society, a opy band's children. given o tne bereaved family, of the deceased, and President A. J. Evans testified that the a copy seDt to the Woman's 1xp nent. Relief Society .is more diligent in their Nellie D. Dyk, President, Mary Lyons, ist Counselor, labors than any other auxiliary organizaMary E. Freeman, Secretary. tion in the Church. Rejoiced in. the gospel and felt to sustain the efforts of the sisthr-- r " ers. d ". Counselor Annie T. Hyde. We are working for the good of the people, let us sustain every move which is for the purity and advancement of the people. Keep in touch with your children, join them in their sports, go with them, we want to throw, every safeguard around our children.1 nought missionaries should be sent to every district in every ward. Prayed for a blessing on all. Sister Farnsworth knew the Alpine Stake was a progressive stake in every way. Spoke of the Womans Exponent, our patriotism should go' out in support of this paper, and she urged. the sisters to take it. We have every thing to encourage 'us, every thing in an educational way Our sons should be instructed, in Relief Society work for soirie may have to help organize the Society in foreign land?. President James H. Clarke., Our Relief Society is the strongestTauxiliary organization in the Church. Out sisters know that the Lord blesses their labors., We are like children, we have to be constantBore testily reminded of our duties. mony to the gospel.even the Savior could not find favpr witn thepeople, ;the same - -- with the? Prophet Joseph-Smit- h. Singing, and Benediction by Counselor Harriet Jacobs. Conference ad journed for three months. Emma Featherstone, HISTORY OF THE U. W. PRESS CLUB, From October jrt igor to October jr, 1906, with a brief history of the first decade. Lydia D. Alder historian. The U W. Press Club was organized at the Woman's Exponent office October 31, 1891, as a result of a number of letters that had been sent out calling a meeting. On that occasion a number of women writers met together. Mrs. E. B. Wells was chosen temporary chairman, and Mrs: Julia I. McDonald secretary pro tern. A permanent organization was effected, with Mrs. E. B. Wells president, Susa'Y, Gates first L. Lula Greene Richards second vice- president, 'Martha A.' Greenhalgh at large, Annie Wells Cannon corrsecretary and Josephine Spencer as sistant cor. secretary, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp; recording secretary.vRuth M. Fox treasurer, Dr. Romania B. Pratt auditor. The name Utah Woman's Press Club was adopted, and the chairman appointed a commiite of three to prepare a constitution and s. , Susa Y. Gates, 'Romania B. Pratt and Lucy A. Ciark of Farmington formed the committee- - It was suggested that at the first meeting, to be held November an 30, i9i, each .member contribute vice-preside- nt, vice-preside- nt ' by-law- . such rejected subjtct as would further the object for vhich the club was oiganized. or be subject to a fine not to. exceed twenty-fiv- e cents'.. The charter'members iwenTETB. Wells7 Susa Y. Gates, Romania' B. Piatt, Ellis R. Shipp, L- - J: L. Greene Richards, Julia and Lucy A. Clark, alfof whom are still with us, excepting Julia I. McDonald. Foil owing are a few extracts from the resolutions of condolence and respect passed at the' time of. her demise, which are spread upon the V o( the Club , CLirPINGS FROM .THE OBITUARY OF'jULIA IVIXS ' M'DONALD TACE.. l, 1 . original article; or address.on A womanly woman, what more can we say? Ha.4 passed from the gloom to the beautiful da" . As sut!h she wss, greeted, and if women we be. As such we shall know hyr eternally. . . Methiuks I see the books opened, And an angel the pajjes turns o'er, Till he comes to her name when he pausrs: "Sainted womn, thou'lt' sorrow no more; Thy lif ha, heen weighed In the balance, W'hich tipprd at the eight of pure gold, "most worthy,' By this thy name is . Enter into the j.j s of thy. Lord.! 1 " Ruth -- i .... M. Fox. Romania B Pratt. Lucy A. Clark. Committee. held Appointed at the meeting January 31,1900, The original intention of the Club. was carried out, those assigned on the pro- gram preparing themselves with original articles, poems ot addresses. The history of the first decade of the Club, written and read by its writer, Lydia D. Alder, at its tenth'annual meeting, shows that the Club has had a brilliant career. The same history was later published in full in the Woman's Exponent. Many of its first members are still forging ahead in the literary world. Some are holding newspaper positions of note today, both at home and abroad. Ada M Patterson, one of the latter, is on the staff of the New Yprk Journal and even now keeps in touch with the Club. Josephine Spencer a writer of great merit, is on the staff of the Dcscrci 'News, while others are regular writers for the home magazines, as well as those of the east. At the present time, Dr, R B. Pratt, name changed to Penrose, is abroad in the missionary field with her husband, Charles W.. Penrose, president of the European mission. - Letters from her are prized by h.er friends.. They show no decrease inner interest of those so long affociated with her in the uplifting of won J. Perhaps no club in the state or nation has been represented like the U. Wf. Press in the congresses of the world. The great congress and fair held in Chi- cago in 1 893 haddel egates from Ut ah , both of the Club and other women's organizations. At the Quinquennial Congress held in London June, 1899, there, were present of the Club members, E. B. Wells, Susa Y- - Gates, Carrie S Thomas, M. A. Caine, and Lydia D- - Alder, Seven other Utah ladies were of the party, who were numbered among Queen Victoria's gu ests vvlienhenteTtainedTfhe foreign ladies of the congress at tea, July 7 1899, at . ? -- "i-- 