:J, tOO pictures of his friends. iui v.rawiora u niAf-ediu-, some sriecanle to cneiand and' embraced ot nis observations, are so shrpwl cnristianity, and married i nomas irouc well said that they may almost rank as She was received by, Queen Anne, wife of aphorisms; for example: "Women like to James the first. A small monument be understood before they speak, and the erected to her memory is here, bearing grosser intellect of, man, seldom more the date March 26, I617. Well the sights - ?oen'sesame to many'things that must be sealed books to Protestants. Many of his characters are more or less . ' These, records taken together form a brilliant and true explanation of Ro- -' and politics as they man society existed in the last struggle of the Papal . first of the series introduces us on the scene of that conflict in the . year 1865, when the great Cardinal Antonelli and the Holy Office were still air poweriu-HRome, in the exercise of their rights of espionage, when says Mr. Crawford, the Second Empire was in its" glory. Mr. Emile Zola had power -supremacy.--The n ' tJ:. )lh the surroundings in Rome, jhis' anoraea nim a Knowledge and an written his "Assomeir," Count Bismarck :had just triumphed in his monarchy, Sadiwa and Sedan yet unf ought, Garabaldi had w6n Naples and had Cavnor not 1 C.W fnr Hfcrrmfmn magnificent W4i "3 .. " ,7 luy 11 ; -- "!. It. ri' nurcn is uetc avvjrvri vjrcorge s . than half understands them when they have spoken." "Can it be hard, hesavs. in ppt man's Jove," then change presently and says, "Truly it is less easy than is supposed, for the heart of a woman who does not love, is like a desert, when the wind blows over it, and. there are neither tracks nor land marks. And I am wandering in the desert like a man seeking lost camels." From the story of "Khalea." "What is a beautiful woman without love?" he asks. "She is like a garden wherein are all had said, "If we did for ourselves what we kinds of rare flowers and much grass, and did for Italy, we. would be great scounin which but a man cannot deep shade, drels." In the year.1865 people crossed' live, because nothing grows there which the Alps in carriages, and the Suez Canal he can eat when he is hungry." had not yet been opened; the first AtSometimes he is good in dialogue, but lantic cable had not been laid, Pius X sometimes weak. By some authors he is reigned as the Holy See, Louis Napoleon thought to be the most versatile and was the idol of the French, President vivacious of modern writers. Lincoln had not been murdered -- is anyHe is an American though born on to those needed more Italian soil. Any critical estimate of Mr. thing separate from these? days Crawford's rank, depends much on the The estates in the country are piccast of mind of the reader. castles with their A polished man of the world his writdating turesque, great back to the Park Ages, and their feudal ings are ,free from jarring notes. His laws. One American critic has said, style has personal quality and he possesses "Mr- - Crawford has written the best and the gift of throwing a romantic halo the worst American novels, and' they were around his personages, their speech is the "Saracinesca" and "An Americrisp and bright, developing character can Politician;" whether true or not, without strain or undue effort at wit. he is certainly very dashing in style, Mr. Crawford must take a high rank in method subject to no school, but showamong modern novelists. He excels in his description of the human heart. His ing a most remarkable.romantic heritage. He is dignified, as a lover, of which he great breadth of view, keen intuitions writes a generous share. Languages were and artistic feelings, making his works of his passion at school, and what was his interest and yalue. perfectly pure, withsurprise to read one of his own stories in out taint of vulgarity or coarseness. a Russian publication, and he says he enLydia D. Alder. joyed it, too. At another time one ap- peared in the Danish dialect, yet they were published without his knowledge or permission. They are read in almost all He has produced European languages. eighteen novels in ten years. He has a natural eloquence and facility, which enables him. to write rapidly, his sentences requiring but little revision. His periods are pointed and brilliant, and have much grace of rhythm. For instance, the following-sketch : of a .valley in the lower Himalayas:. "The gulf that divides you from the distant mountain, rises like a huge bite, taken bodily out of the world by some voracious god ; far away rise .snow peaks, such as were not dreamed of in your Swiss town; the bottomless valley 'at your feet is misty and gloomy, with blackness, streaked with, mist, while the peaks above shoot gladly to the sun, and catch his broad side rays, like ma jestic white standards; Between you, as hill be vou stanH cautiouslvasrainst-th- e hind you, and the wonderful background far away in front, sails a strange vision, scarcely moving; yet not still. A great gold shield, sails steadily in vast circles, sending back the sunlight in ivory tints of burnished gold. The golden eagle of the Himalayas, hangs in mid air; a. spot of polished metal to the eye, pausing some time in the f ull blaze of reflection, as ages ago the sun and the moon tood still in the valley of the "Ajalon," c01. r 1 Leaving Guernsey for Southampton, thence to London to visit my husband's relatives, not having heard of them for some time, we had a little hunting to do; however we found a niece in Angerly Road, Upper Norwood, Surreynear the Crystal Palace. They were both suprised and overjoyed on seeing us, and we- had to stay there and partake of their hospitality, then they took us to Poplar,' where my husband found a sister arid a brother, who treated us equally well, and two Here, as at more sisters in Gravesend. the other places, we had to rest awhile. Our sister and her husband took us someOne of the grandest where everyday. sights was the Resherville gardens. .Every night there are performers acting, but the illuminations were so grand and flowers so artistically arranged, it is claimed these are the most beautiful gardens in the world. I think it was in 1904 that the Duchess of Albany was invited to visit these gardens. 7 The gardener had so planted the flowers in their variety of colors in such a way as to read, Wel It "is come to the Duchess of Albany. needless to say that she was : highly delighted. Theri'we wenrto MiIl Park.---I thought what a nice place for a picnic. 01. " " w how-prou- d days. While visiting, our brother and family at this place, we visited the hospital. ThiYhospital is a sample of many in England. This building was erected and endowed by a generous donation, then afterwards is kept up by, the working men's subscriptions which they pay as regularly and as systematically as they receive their wages, and for every guinea they subscribe they are privileged to give a recommend to one inside patient or two outside patients, for one treatment. These recommends are sometimes given to nonresidents and to those who are out of work or cannot afford to pay for advice that they may receive either surgical aid or medicine. Before leaving Chatham our brother Harry and wife took us to Rochester Park and church yard, there we saw some lovely flowers and shrubs. While we were passing the' Rochester Cathedral it was evident that an official marriage ceremony was aoout to .taKe place, as the gentlemen were ail dressed in full uniform and they did .look grand. While here at Chatham, or close by, we walked down to see the Jezreelite tower, or temple. This building is constructed of iron and brick andjwas designed by its founder tojshelter the lady of the faithful when the world was to come to an end. But the work did not progress beyond the fifth floor, after 44,000 pounds had been expended, the finances came to an end and the structure .was seized by the . contractors under the order, of the court; the last we heard of it was that it had ' been turned into a warehouse. Then we run up to Gravesend to take a folks, then fro on to Pod- rippn at lar, called at a photographer's art gallery, had qui tea conversation with him ; he belonged to a physical culture society, did ' I (Co7tcli(dcd ai Droiner nuerys" had just commenced .though they i L.it ...1 i i10 tr nire a scnooi nan, wnere.we iuukI. our brother-in-laand nephews to hear our Elders preach. When I saw and heard these young men standing in the hall explaining the principles of the Gospel, I their mothers would thought be if they could only peep in just then. The congregation was composed mostly of children, but the seed sown in these young minds may sprout, and who knows what the harvest will be after many ingaii30 iugn house, -- A TRIP TO ENGLAND. . are too numerous to give in detail,. and then there are thechalk mines. I do not wish to tire the readers of the Exponent so we will leave our friends at Gravesend for a while and take the train for Chatham, where ?we have .another brother v " and nephews. Here exists a little band of .Saints, very small; the first we saw was Elder Orlando Bateman and .Elder Jno.,Saville his part-- . ner. They were holding afternoon meet- - , - thp-Vnn- d -- iin- here refuse these Whpn cnmc npnnlft f Wfil . vnn m -. KoiroMffPc ihvv n r tnlH be very religious." A young man living in leton rasin, ana wuu siaiu au at our place, once said his mother was tea or verv I told him there were many inn-- ; coffee. V W A W W J- 1 USt-L- um -- relidous-shewouJdnordrin- k 