,;35 OLD' F.RIENDS AND COMRADES.. ' ' A LIKENESS.. Foxes have homes and each bird, has a tiut the Son of God nowher? found safenest, place to ; Written for Miss KatAVells' Valentine; parly for ,, - her f. Aunties,-February- 19(37; We have been, friends together - rcst- - - " AN ARTISTIC BOOKLET. the-Relie- f . . jng years and of trials, with hardships, doubts, and . v fears, Since first we' met each other,, in those eventful i : days,' And ' In fair Nauvoo, the Beautiful," or on the desert And Ajostlcs of Jesus from Jerusalem fled, o'er all the wide earth, thus Christ's gospel ways. - Of travel , Th ere is for sale at this office a booklet issued by our President of Society, Sister Bathsheba W. Smith for the sisters, of the Relief Society or others who might From. prison and judgment, to was led, And bravely met death, as old slaughter, had said. prophets I3ut His cruel death did not satisfy hate, And Saint Stephen and James met like merciless thro' all the cliang- - - - desire to have one. either for herself or a present to a friend. The book is entitled -- -B- ringing-Blessings: 1 Published for her eighty-fift- h birthdav: There are in the book good pictures of was spread. . , ouiiia unriy-nv- e years ago, also So this Latter-da- y with Sisters Prophet found no whereto rest. one taken-fortyears ago Was from place to place driven on mother earth's Eliza R. Snow, Zina D. H- Young and breaitj P. Young, and one taken recently. Emily From prisorJwithout trial, to was led, slaughter Price of the book, fifty cents. And bravely met death, as old" prophets had said. , - There's something: glorious in life, whatever may befall, ; And we have been most loyal to the Gospel, thro' it all,- , Because the faith we cherish our staff amLslay has : been. And we trust taat each of us immortal life may win. y - And the innocent blood thed that day for Ws cause Diew his people together by the natural laws Of enduring symnithv. brothers indeed . In their common sufferings, in their common need. :But there are faces that we miss of those we lov'd so well, So many that their names, too numerous are to RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. But their dead leader's mantle fell on brave shoul, ders strong, And westward he led them, singing ever this song ' 'O God of our fathers! Give to us oh eive. A goo.l land of promise, where in peace we may live: tell; They' were our dear companions, our comrades, heart and hand, la festive scenes and gatherings, we were a happy band. STAKE. county. Utah, Thursday, October 31, 1007, x:resiueni juna . rucnaras presiding. Sister Emily S. Richards of the General Board was present, also the Afalad stake- presidency. President M. H." Welling. . f 1 And we 1 ; The Malad Slake Relief Society Conference was held at Riverside, .Box. Elder young and bright: So they prayed, toiled and marched, 'till as on, comforted each other, when sorrow left its on, they pressed. blight; Reached they Galilee. Jordan and the Dead sea's In trouble, or in sadness, or in. burdens hard to' w.u iillUJl, bear There they builded a tempie, through, forty long We each were ever willing, to take another's years, share. And in blessings of plent forgot their past tears. MA LAD . . With theln we dane'd and feasted, when we were . 'nnnco'Are Vm kKrnr. I 7 A and all the sisters of the stake board of Malad, several bishops,and representatives from all the wards. . After the opening exercises, five wards were represented, and reported in'each instance as being ia good working order, fully organized and trying to follow out the instructions given. Sister Emily S. Richards spoke earnestly on the storing of grain, and said that Sisters Smith and Wells each sent love and greeting to the sisters of the Malad She advised the. "oung ladies to eiiei society ana assist in maK- Jom ine ing the mother s work a success. Gave instructions concerning the laying out ana aressing ot tne aeaa. spoke on the necessity of guarding our tongues against, Prest. $L. speaking evil of one another. H. Welling followed with remarks along the same lines. After singing and benedictionconfer- - ' ence adjourned until 2 p. Conference reassembled at 2 o'clock p. , m. upening exercises as usual. Keports from three wards were given, each in good working order and interested in the v each absent one, and think them o'er and o'er; Their voices seem to greet us from oft that distant We recall And thus persecution spread their faith in the west And from there to all lands has the Church sent its best, As the death of Jerusalem's martyr eave birth To the zeal of Christ's teachers all over the earth. . shore, The river flows between us, but we see the shining sand. And we know beyond happy land. that river, there lies the Though temptation invite and assail day by day From the good "Words of Wisdom" may they never more stray The whole world U watching to see how they live, And a goodly example ta the world they may give, was so dear, the songs of Zion in a language sweet and clear That the angels sung in Eden, when the earth was new and fair, Before the great transgression. that brought death, and sin and care. She sung If this faith is of God. it will stand to the last, If brewed in men's brains, 'twould fall Sure and fali fast, By trielr f niits! By their fruits, shall their works all be known Let them keep up the record their past years have ' shown. Alice Pert Bisiiotv (An unprejudiced Gentile student of Mormon history.) . Seventh 673 st., City. - , . And beloved Aunt Eliza a Priestess of the time; .Whose words like precious jewels were full of truth sublime; Aunt Zina with a healing balm for ev'ry wounded . heart, Vilate with soul magnanimous,, rich blessings to impart. "And Sarah 6- . Wells, and dear Aunt Mar-L. caret. And Sister Howard's. gladsome face we never can t of get; And Mary Isabella whose wisdom was our pride, And dear Elmina Taylor, and many more beside. Ida H. Harper has completed the third volume of the "Life and Works of work. Susan B. Anthony." She expects that - Prest. Julia A. Richards reported the Beloved friends who've gone to join the great it win ue out oy M;-Loui- sa, '.. , , NOTES" AND NEWS. . Mrs. - - im- wondrous sdng Richards, Prest. M. H. Welling, Counsel- 0r W; Gibbs and Bishop M.J. Richards, the remarks' being along the same line as during the morning, that of speakirtg evil of each other being foremost. Sister Emily S. Richards explained the " f" ciety as an organization. Treas. Ella S. Capener recited a poem entitled , Woman, selected from .the at the redeemed and glorified, who warship ' -- uuucu Ci-L- A ' And we have made celestial laws our covenant and choice, And when wepass beyond the - . who've gone on before; may our bark sail smooth to land when we Emmeline P. w... ,;o,rc iS.--iMi-?- u nffin, fn f . lu inaii tllluj iclvgldpu uniuto Wells. wk,vk oVr roefoi . jr - , EXPONENT. Mfs. Ken ward; who has just celebrated been postmistress has 88th .. birthday, hpr . rr. . t t for 61 years at the quaint oia posiomce at vviveisneia, near nay waru s ncaiu, work of the Queen; Wilhelmina of; Holland knows r England. In addition to the iu uct uwn a cow, andtbmakebutter.; onice Mrs .rvenwara aiienus is She ha a model dairy, of which she is. household duties, and a great reader of -' th newsDaoers. very fdnd. I . . - - . . '- t - m-,r- -'- lk The sneakers were Sister Emilv S. Vail. we trust we " are wafted o'er. - - ' ; rejoice " ith rnay -those whose names we love to hear, and how-tcTrni- in l Delegate Taylor of Kalamazoo' has in- troduced in tne Micnigan onstuutonai Convention a proposal to allow women taxpayers to vote on all measures which4 include the expenditure ot tne puDiic funds. v ." feet, 2 ' 11 t ji. r' iiiiu wno Dore me cross ior an, yea- ' and complete. And 03 uuiv'u3 iwuuu uuy"uui traveling and holding meetings. 1 hirth month. fI "Of v- ' s - mortal throng; Who stand before the pearly gates, and sing the Of the r eDruary, luiss n.niiiony I The Spirit of the Lord was in our midst and each one ' present felt that they had t 1 maeeo naa a spiritualifieasi. T ivicciiu ciubeu uy ringing God on high." jL,iiz,aucin ' . 3 , kjivi y iu Benedictiqnby. Sister juua.Josie r K, Hales, ., ' Secretary. 1 