: r " So ' "'" -- ; r. A life Xte.ifcamk That he i!i..d for bis faith. v J " 1 . . 1 He it Resolved, And the world with contempt. that he plo Ided ahead, Never turning aside? that we. the sisters of the Relief Society, do most deeply mourn the loss of faithful a sister, and feel that it i hard to become reconciled toher death.but are willing to acknowledge the hand of the Lord in all things. He it Resolved, that we extend our heartfelt sympathy to her mother, husband, and children, and ask God to bless them and cause them to know that He is their Fnend. Also that He wiil comiort their woumied hearts in this hour of trou ble and sorrow. lie itfurthrr Resolved, t hit these resolutions be cmeicu m ine minutes ot our Keliet society, a copv given to the bereaved family of tho deceased, ana a copy sent to the woman s Exvonent. Mkussa President. Eliza Stari ey. ry v Then we'll talk of the life that he lived. Never min'i how he died. Ernest Crosky. UNKISSED CHILDREN. Oi-SE.- co-;ura- ns ... WW4uum. ago, Mie was a crreat sullerer before her death and entreated Uod to release her from pain. She died a iaitbfu'1 Latter day Saint. , r Sbtcr Kli.abelh Civok Kirkwixnl, was a teacher in our Relief Society and a member of the Old Folks Committee whom she delighted to boner. She was conistent in all her. callings and mtnh resjxxrted by all who knew her, and was true and faithful to the religion the had espoused and in the sacred order of marriage She was an example to her children and in all her walks of life, and departed hence much beloved. j " Sister Maria Jones, daughter of the late Bishop Loveless and his wife Josep'jine, p issed away almost suddenly, although he hid been subject to ailments She was a teacher in our Relief Society, was of a kind and loving nature, one beloved by a circle of relatives and lriends. n, Lavalla Mklville. a rare and joous place For those who deem it sof With smilrs enough for even,-- face This. is no tale of woe. But yet, when all's been done and sai Some little children crrep. At cuddling time, unkissed to bed And sob themselves to sleep T.ic world's the Memory of five good women, metnbeis tf he St 5th Ward.. Relief Society, Provo City, Utah, who have past hence in abou: twelve months, and whose demise we wi-to chronicle in the . of the Exi Sister Helen Alexander, daughter of Hro Howard and Sister Martha Corey, was well and favorably known, was a very intelligent person and devoted 'lo her family. She filled a mission, in com nan v with-he- r hns. . . ' h dren. Hut to day to live out All the truth thai he dreamt, While his friends met his conduct with doubt Was it thus 1 a. . - - on'j-.nt- tayMn! and loving helpmate tuner" husbamT; n37' a Kino, tender and aitectionate m.ither to her chil- - live-eve- - e have died ; wlmii Fur a wish or a From bravado, or passion, or pride, Was it harder for hitn? TRIBUTE "1 p 0. die.Mn 4tis-ra.?- yt : A wc " In bis death he bore witness at last . As a martyr to truth, same in the do the Did his life past Prom the dajs'of His jouth? 67 .And.H hereas, our intimate association wjth lu-.- r i I? her .dutiesVs P?r"rm?nce a jn the Relief Society f the F.llmore ward leather has so her .to, us th-tfeel it necessary and bc-texPressour appreciat rn of her labor, n -- So,c!ety- - anJ- f her earnest endeavor to do ngnt.of her strorg integrity and faithfulness in the tiospcl. m which she was an .earnest orkr; always ready to perform any duty assigned her, no matter what the call-miL- t be, Sister Mat-Licould always be relied upon t XBtiZ O lavAA,1 A. . . uuMiiui iu wci liiwiucr. .i - is fine ,M" than roost of us do. But. say, can you add to that' line Tiut htr lived for it, too? yOMAN'S EX POXENT. Counselors r 1 ot Uamel berris and daughter of the late Robert nil and M. A. Till, born August 3rd, 1S66, and died Laster Morninjr 1007, at the home of her mother in Provo after a lingering illne-- s of Brigbts disease. She left a husband and three children; one hav at work, somewhere, Their mammy's tired and worn. Both burdened down with carking care From the first break of morn. d Each young one on the list Has troubles by the heap. Vet each must go to bed unkissed And sob himself to sleep. Their daddy's off ing preceded her; and many relatives and friends to mourn her loss for she was beloved by all who knew her; being of a loving and cheerful disposition and was faithful and true to all and to her religion, ever shedding a good influence and a helpi ing hand. She resided at Mammoth. Utah, the last few years of her life and among the floral emblems was a beautiful Star on a pedestal from the Relief Society of that d'strict; and some members of that ward came to attend the funeral showing marked love and respect for the deceased. love-starve- Oh, world of Sister Eliza Barney Wilkins lived true to her covenants m celesti marriage, was an affectionate v wife and mother, faithful Latter-da- y Saint, a teacher in our Relief Society, and Chiirman of the wheat committee. Always willing to help in sickness and in laying out the dead. She passe i away in the full of a glorious To the memory of Mrs. Minnie Belle Ferris, wife . ' . sunshine mixed with storm. Oh, world of tears and joy. Oh. world of frozen heirts and warm, Oh. world of man and boy! Less were your sorrow, less your dread, If. when night's shadows creep. Each little lad went kissed to bed And smiled himself to sleep, Zklla Litchfield, Mathilda Olskn. Provo, May 1st, 1907. ce Sister Ann Palen Jozies embraced the Gospel in England and came to Uth in 1S49. and to Provo in 1852. She was not blest with offspring but was a faithful and hospitable woman; she was called to officiate as a counselor in the Relief Soc etv when first organized here. She w as industrious and indefatigable in all her dnties. She w as pro-- , verbiai for carrying a well rilled bas"ket to the needy and sick. She aUays bore a strong testimony to the divinity of the mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith and lived and defended all the principle she taught. She also did much work in the temple for her dead, and died at the ripe age of eighty eight 3 ears much resjected and we her sisters have a worthy example in her trust and confidence in her holy religion. Electa Bullock, President. M. A. IN MEMORIAM. ANNUAL DAY, MARCH J7, 1907. The Relief Society held its meeting in the Central School house in Fillmore, Utah. After the opening exercises, the following program was rendered: Opening address, Stake President Isa- Reading, Clara M. Swallow; Address, El- bella Robison; Song, Helen Greenwood; der Christian -- Anderson Reminiscences, Helen Callister; Recitation, Francis n; Closing address, President of Fillmore R. S., Melissa Olsen. Ras-.muso- We also have to record the death of Sister Maggie Starley while driving with her husband the horses became frightened and ran Sister Starley away jumped from the buggy, her dress became ?' entangled arid she was dragged some dis-tanc- and when Brother. Starley who fro m th e vehicle reac h ed her quite dead. This comes as a .severe sknrt tn FillmnrpV where w ster Starlev has" livedTsTnce criiTdhdod, and where she was much beloved. The appended resolution expresses our sorrow arid bereavement. as 1 h rown her he found 1 - . A. y - " - ' . Clara M. Swallow; Secretary. resolutions: y. breas, our heavenly Father, in His infinity l3om, has seen fit to call from our midst ou ach esteemed and beloved Sister Maggie Wade rley, who departed this life April 14th, 1907. Another earnest,, faithful worker in the Relief Soc:etv has been called home to her rest. After suffering for some time with pneumonia. Sister Ellen Iilarkhurst McLelland passed peacefully away on the morning of March iS. 1907. lovingly ministered unto by her three daughters, who were with her in her last illness. Sister McLelland was born in Longton, .Lancashire, England. November 10. 1837. Her mother died in Winter Quarters, leaving the little girl of eight years of age to be a mother to two young brothers one a young babe; and lovingly and the arrival of truly did she perform her part. in On the Citv Lake in Salt. early fall of the family Seventh m the ward, 1847, they made their home death. of her time where she still resWe'd at the While assisting her father in the Big Field to drive her away the crickets, her baby brother, who, was in an and creek the to toddled constant charge, was in drowned; fell and a obtain drink, attempt to Later she married Thomas McLelland, at ore time 'Bishop of the Seventh ward, and passed through a fnll share of the trials and difficuties smile and aariy Ja s. With evera cheeful a kindly word, she gained the love of all acquainted with her. She always saw the good qualitje-o- f others, and overlooked or did not seem to diss cern their failings. A member of the Relief Society since; early t;mes she was always to be relied upon in her duties as a teacher, and endeared herself to her , Society companion and associate-- and the Relief a lost feel stalwart, have ward ihey of the Seventh faithful member and loving sister The funeral services were held in the Pioneer paid Stake house March 20. where the speakerscheerworthy, tributes to her unassuming, patient, of-tho- se 1 Ul IUCrlU - "all CJ! V.uiuaiouv Mllen Broadkent, Presidfent. Gertrude Sampson, Secretary. Till, Clara Paxman, Matilda Olsen, Committee. ; RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. HYRUM STAKE. Our Relief Society Confererence convened on Saturday, the 17th of November, 1906. Two very interesting sessions were held. We had a nice program of lectures,, instrumental and vocar selec tions; recitations and speeches; The reports of the presidents were very good, showing the branch organizations 7 to be improving. 4 The attendance both of the brethren : and sisters were large. One Society in our Stake (where three members of the board reside) has paid $839 00 toward the erection of a new Desiaes ouying a granary meeting-hou-se this last sum $240rof:this e .1 t lil mer. i nree or iour 01 me oiner Drancnes has-been-p- aid m 1 1 have done nearly as well and" some of them have a great many sick and poor to take care of. This is the reason we did not think it wise to make more expenses for them than we need to. With kind love and best wishes and may our Heavenly Father add his choicest blessings. ll .." Nellie . '.. ItPARKiNsoN, Presiden. j 