.8 nirms relatives! Doctor G'rif 'face; you can pad your person; Tuu can of that period in "her ex- wear a wig; you can walk, in shoes that father, speaking said that her insistence was irre pugment your. height; you can, in various perience,. and that, at last, ne was sistible, ways, change7 your body;" but your voic to go .with her, to the pnncipa will, sooner or later, reveal you as you and ask for a trial are. It seems unlikely that Miss Ander- theater of Louisville -performson's melting, tragic tones were uttered of her talents. Then came herwas favorverdict in any.of her girlish impartments; but the ance of Juliet. The Macauleyr-;specia- k and the manager, copious, lovely voice was in ere auu u able, ly incited gained ner ursryicioryv mc umc not yet come when she could, actually from the tragedian- John McCullough It did gave to her a regular engagement, beginand absolutely, embody Juliet. from- - which time come, and her success in .-that part was ning January 2cwi8;6, : 1888-8she was in condecisive and "unequivocal- The most ro- until the season of mantic and the most passionate Juliet of tinual practice of her profession. "She first appeared in New York in 1877, our epoch was that "of Adelaide Neilson; the most essentially womanlike andsplen-didl- y at he Fifth Avenue Theater and thereof the countragical Juliet that our stage has after she made annual tours known within' the last fifty years was that try and so laid the foundation of a brilliant renown. : Her professional ventures of Mary Anderson. a Mary Anderson, onv the stage, had to in England ensued and she became make her way from comparative obscu- favorite abroad as well as at home. Tier rity, and at the first, contrary to common acting was seen with delight in Scotland belief, her pathway was not one of roses. and Ireland, as well as in the provincial Artistically, however, she began "at the cities of England. On June 17, 1896, she was married to top" where, as Daniel Webster saul, there is always plenty of room. Genius Mr. Antonio de Navarro, and since then and beauty", can, sometimes, so begin, she has dwelt in retirement, only occasionwisely and to advantage: but. in KeneraL ally emerging to read and to sing for the The begin- benefit of the poor of London. Her home that course is not judicious. ner, in this case, acted on the advice of is at Broadway, Worcestershire, England; Charlotte; Cushman, who perceived . her and her friends are glad to know that she natural endowments, and must have di- is as she deserves to be one of the hapscerned in her an exceptional fitness for piest women in the world. Fortunate in her choice of a career and the dramatic profession; Just as Burns was born to write poety, Mary Anderson fortunate in her management of it; Mary was born to act. That fact the veteran Anderson was especially fortunate in her actress divined; and though firm in the retirement from public life at a time when a1 a L f J 'aL the luuu iuai,vas sue cxpresseu u, iiic ari ur her sailing a ship cannot be learned by enter- stage, and to,society so continuously and ing at the cabin window," she knew that deeply affected by the stage her withthere are exceptions to all rules. The drawal was not simply a deprivation, it origin of genius has, not been ascertained. was a bereavement; for it greatly reduced It happens and that is all we know the public store of innocent pleasure, about it. and it greatly weakened the inspiring and The antecedents of- - Mary Anderson af- ennobling influence of the acted drama. ford no explanation of her proclivity for But her exertions had been great and the stage. an heroic actress, she had X, continuous; as " - She was born in the Eagle Hotel," reached the zenith of achievement; her Sacramento, California, July 28 1859. health required relief from care; and she Her father, Charles H. Anderson, vas a left the scene before the lights1 had begun young Englishman who had comcxta to darken and while yet a time remained America to seek his fortune! He served for the enjoyment of that life of the afas an officer in the Confederate Army; fections which is the chief blessing of our and died early in tbe? Civil War. His mortal state. She did not take a formal grave is in Magnolia Cemetery, at Mobile, farewell of the theater, Hier last -Alabama. Her mother,; AntoniaXeugers, at Washington, in the of Philadelphia, was a- beautiful woman, springXjf 1889, and the last part that she 1 guu-strain- ed thereto-by-an-approvingiwor- d - 9 a.!- 'iv -- renown-was-at-itsheight-l-- Ta . . J . N -- appear-ancKttccurr- of German descent, arid of rigorous Catholic principles. Neither of her parents was theatricals Her mother, after some time of widowhood, married Dr. . Hamilton Griffin, of Louisville, Kentucky, where, for a time. Miss Anderson was an Inmate of a Roman-Catholiconvent, schooll She was reared in the Catholic faith, by Father Anthony Miller, a Franciscan priest, her mother's uncle a man of extensive learning and exalted character. ; She left school before she was fourteen years of age As a child she.had seen some of. the performances of rEdwin Booth,-- which had touched herheart and fired her fancy. To such a degree,-indeewas she influenced Booth's by acting that she learned some of the parts she had seen him- - perform Hamlet, Richelieu, Wolsey and Richard IU-a- nd acted them in private; and also sWj learned and acted Schiller's Joan of AiC.JuHer resolute purpose to become an actfes$ff6r, even in girlhood, she mani- d, - fe'stedpexceptional- - strength ofivill)-pre-va'ilekFweVU- Re scruples of most of her ed acted was Hermione. It is a siga of Mary Anderson!s nobility that she attracted, and" always kept, the esteem and affectionate regard of such noble natures as Edwin Booth, John McCullough, Lawrence Barrett and Joseph Jefferson; among actors; and of Longfellow, .Tennyson, Lord Lytton and Aubrey de Vere, among poets. With Longfellow she was a' special favorite, and she derived lasting benefit from his friendship and his.counsel. ; No person, indeed, ever came nearthat exalted, benignant, gentle spirit without reason for special gratitude. Longfellow was the most authentic, comprehensive, sympathetic and important of the poets of America. His works, while .expressing the better spirit of our country, are a voice of human nature and a comfort to human hearts: and they possess, that perfection of- form without which poetic expression is incomplete and ineffective. As a manhe was the incarna- tion-o- f charity, generosity, sweetness and a grace; man whom to know was to rev- - -- - charactercU--example- . pulse to virtue. is a continual im. Nothing could better in dicate the essential benignity oU.nrifeJ,low s aisposiuon iiiciiiEueremarK ne once made to Miss Anderson: .; "Never lose an opportunity of giving pleasure; it win make you happier and better." Words are unavailing: to reproduce feeling thar Marynderson's . the acting in. spited, when, at last, in the prime of her development, she bad attained to her full intellectual and spiritual stature, and to ' the full control. oLhenextraordinary ajfts Fair; tall; of an imperial figure; her features regular; her changeful'llue eyes, placidas a summer lake or blazing with the fire of roused imagination; her noble head, enwreathed with its copious wealth of golden1 hair; her smile, the diamond sparkle of morning light; ; her... gestures, large, wide,' graceful, free; her movement, at times electrical with action, at times pathetically eloquent of slowwandering grief or the stupor of despair; her voice, clear, smooth, silvery, ranging through many moods, from the ripple of arch, bewitching mirth to the low moan of anguish, the deep whisper of passion or the clarion note of power she filled the scene with her presence, and she filled the hearts of her audience with a refreshing sense of delightful, ennobling conviction of the possible loveliness and majesty of the human soul. I think that this was the sum of her service to art and to society. Many pages might be written about electrical points in her personations of chara- her denotement of Juliet's desolation, after parting, in the lonely midnight, from ihf In;t hitmnn hpinf whnm shri ma V ever behold; her revelation of Hermione's awful despair, when she covers her face with her mantle, and falls in deathlike trance; her simplicity and piquant archness when giving the flowers, as Perdita. contrasted with her agony in Bianca's supplication to her stonyhearted, exultant, scornful rival; but that would require the wide domain of an essay, and this is but a glimpse. The decisive fact suffices that this actress was one of the authentic messengers of Heaven who shed a light on this world and, in the hearts, of its weary workers, rekindled the sacred fires of hope and trust. cter soul-subdui- ng A MEMORY SYSTEM. , Eprget each kindness that; you do As soon as you haye done it; Forget the praise that falls to you The moment you have, won it; Forget each slight, each spite, each sneer; Wherever 3 ou may meet it. Remember every kindness done To you, whate'erits measure; Remember praise by others won :.:An& pas&it on with: pleasure; :: r. Remember every promise made And keep it to the letter: Remember those who len l you aid , And be a grateful debtor." . Remember all the happiness That comes your way in living; Forget each worry and distress, Be hopeful and forgiving; Remember good, remember fruth, Remember Heaven's above you, fi ad r through-ag- e And you-wiil and :yonLU. True joys and hearts to love you. Priscilla Leonard in Youth's Companion, rz , 