WOMAN'S 44 Woman s hxponent. of EXPONENT the feventssK i take place At any rate we-o- f this age can say we do not do all the silly things they used to Publisher E2U1ELIKE E. WELLS, Editor and do in "ye olden time," when the misletoe AXX1E WELLS CVUVA'OiV. Assistant Editor. was hung up in all the houses at Christmas and the young men had the privilege Published monthly, in Sail Like City. I7u!i of kissing the girls under it. plucking each TVrms: one copy on;; par, $1.00; on copy six month 50 cts. No rcdurtion made for clubs. City papers drliv time a berry from the bush and not until cts. one for 25 year. red by mail, extra postage the berries were all gone. did the privilege. Advertising rates: lch iquaie, ten lines 01 nonjunn A ,lbcral ti,s cease. space one time J 2.50; per month, count to regular advertisers. The Christmas feasting in. which all South Temple office Room 509 lempleton. Exponent share is one of the real blessings of that Street; .Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every season ; an old rhyme gives-thspecial oay, citTyi .luuuaj. tc ' communications Address all business in brief. true spirit v Mrs. E. D. WELLS. Salt Lakh City. Utah. . "At Christmas be merry and thankful withal, - JS :'electedbyvBfcmocrats satisfaction). riorence Entered at thi t'ost Ofict in Salt Lak City, I tak, ft s.tcn, Salt Lake City. Utah. January. 1907 HOLIDAY TIME. The Holiday season thi? year was; in many respects a very joyous one to the people in these mountain vales; affairs in general were never at any time more of prosperous; an almost universal feeling fellow--shigood will prevailed,, and a sort of generous and kindly, and the liberality of presents, gifts and entertainments, was unprecedented, remaps mere was: in some ways an extravagance, but on the whole presumably moderation, if not p, economy. The little folks at any rate have been made very happy with Santa Claus, who scarce misses a home in these days, where there are children, and indeed he seldom passes by the older grown. There seems no end, to the variety he carries about and distribts in his wanderings up and down the country, in an almost marvelous way. Not only did Santa Glaus go about with his trees, and dolls, and all, sorts of toys, but all the fathers and mothers, aunts uncles and cousins were alert and active in the like pursuits, so that every liome seemed more like a play house, then a modern sober dwelling place; feasting music and dancing for all wh"b could, or would participate, visiting and making merry. Now we have come again to the soberer days and settled down to serious work, yet very soon St. Valentine will come frolicing along and turning the heads of the vountr folks to thoughts of love, and mating, scattering his messages here and there; and next will be Washington's birthday and more flying of flags and bunting and decorating and feasting and . -- . so forth. Meantime there is much work to be done, and it is barely possible to have too many holidaysjand there are somepeople who must do a lot of hard work even in ' " the holiday season. Ail tne leasts and gatherings ot lamilies and neighborhoods require work, and as Br. Heber C Kimball used to say, "holidays are hollow days" and to those who cannot enter into sports and pastimes and recreations freely, they are hollow too ' but that is the serious side iJof the subject, and there are after all so many terrible things in this age oFthe f ulfill-meof prophecy, that it may be well to have a counteracting influence actincr as a sort of balance, just to7 equalize and carry us safely through the trying scenes . nt e And feast thy poor neighbors, the great with the small." 1 . r j. auimuiu, wguen, elected at the recent city election; aisoomcial court reporter, Second Judicial District Court. Miss Eva C. Erb, appointed by the district judge; also the office of deputy county clerk is held by Miss Jeannette Bine- ham and Miss Edith, Bird, and the office of deputy county recorders, Miss Annie B. Brown and Miss Eveline B. West. Depu-t- y city recorder. Miss Lois Wilco- x- Miss Annie Carr holds the pffice of assistant to the city engineer. Miss Eleanor Hender-sh- -. -- excellent Weber county has a. woman auditor -- 3- T ot and Miss Agnes B. Maguire are clerks in the county assessor's office of Weber . County. . But indeed there were many ridiculous There are many girls employed in the customs at Christmas in the olden days. offices of both city and county during the One of the ancient customs that of serv- time when assessment rolls are made. Mrs. Emily Bertelson, superintendent ing up the boar's head on Christmas day is still observed in the hall of Queen's of schools, Piute County, and Miss Susa College, Oxford. A carol is sung by the J. Searle, ' Junction, county recorder of in, company when it is brought Piute County., Marysvale. ..... j Mrs. S. J. Bryerson, Monticello, clerk Bedeck'd with bays and rosemary; ' and recorder, San Juan County, has been And I pray you my masters be merry. after having held office six "The boar's bead as I understand years; she was first elected in 1900 to the Is the rarrst dish in all th-- land office of county treasurer, and this will be Which is thus bedtck'd with a gay garland." her third term as county clerk and redeThen follows a pie magnificiently Mrs. Lucinda Redd, county corder. imitain corated with peacock's feathers treasurer, and Miss Lenria Butt, county of bird that tion of the tail covering a superintendent of schools, San Juan of the table; the pie made County. Miss Dorothy Wilson. Ranlarge portion of pheasants, tHough authoritatively it dolph, county recorder of Rich County. should be made of peacock's. This used Mrs. Elizabeth Wilson, Beaver City, to be in great demand for stately enter- county recorder, Beaver County. tainments. Sometimes the head appeared abovj? the crust and the beak richly gilt; at the other end displaying the long tail feathers. Such pies were served at solemn A VERY PRETTY WEDDING. knights-erranof t when chivalry banquets themselves to undertake jany pledged .Weare sorry to be so late in chronianwhence the came perilous enterprise, cling the marriage of our dear young cient oath, "by cock and pie." friend, Miss Pnscilla Smith of this city, The peacock in these ancient days to Elder George S. Taylor, of Provo. was an important dish for the Christmas The ceremony took place in the Salt Lake feast and the extravagance with which this at high noon on October 25th, and other dishes were prepared ion the Temple 1906, Apostle John Henry Smith, the gorgeous revels of the olden times are bride's brother, officiating. In the evenscarcely creditable. ing a reception was given at the resiThis is only one item of the menu served dence of the bride's sisten the home of in those days of old English chivalry ; but State Senator and Mrs. Wm. N- - Wilthe Puritans of New England went to the liams. The parlor and dining room were other extreme and would not keep Christdecorated in floral designs mas at alL In a way they substituted artistically with a profusion of green vines and colrio Thanksgiving although presents were ored ribbons, making a very pretty effect, made either then or now. and the bride modestly attired in a simple white gown, .carried an elegant bouquet of bride's .roses and looked very UTAH WOMEN ELECTED NOW, 1906. sweet and charming. The whole affair was in excellent taste without any ostenMiss Mary Ann Gunn, Parowan, countatious display or stiffness, which often ty recorder, Iron County. Miss Sadie spoils, in a sense, the true spirit of such Poss, Farmington, county recorder, Davis happy occasions. There was a houseful Miss Rachel C. Farley, Morgan, of guests and some of them in evening County. county superintendent of public schools, costume very handsomely attired. The Miss Sarah Merrill, t mother of the briderMrs. Susan W. Smith Morgan County. Logan, county recorder, Cache County, and the familyre-latioRebecca Eames held'the effice previous Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith, were term. Miss Christina Madsen, Willard among the most- - distinguished guests City, county recorder, to succeed herself, present. '. v" Boxelder County. Mrs. Lydia Cowley,' There was music 5 and feasting " and Richfield, county recorder, Sevier Count- 1 wedding cake galore, distributed by sweet Mrs.-I- da yM, WellsrMoab, superin- little girls. Among the younger people tendent of schools, Grand: County. Mrs. we must enter in our list the Sunshine Lavinia Murdock, Heber City, county and Clubs, girls arid boys treasurer, .Wasatch County. Mrs. Jennie (mostShakespeare of them married) who were appar- AshbytHoldencountyfrecorderrMillard jently; "happTas if it. was their own Mrs. Minerva Johnson, county wedding County. party. There was a variety ofrecorder, Uintah County. Dem. (Have very; useful and beautiful wedding presre-elect- ed s Senior-MotheririTt- he n, C 1 -. . .....-.J.- . ,v ........ - 1 U 