 a v -- ., .v.-irr:,- .... ' Vi ... - - - ' I i . WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - Lne gicuu ana recall a. vrwere w in.iu mW'mmw.' uicn Saints, hast'd away. names are familiar to the Latter-da- y Walk about Zion, and go round about ,V hnt wonder that greater process. But it is her. tell the towers thereof.' EMMELIXE D. W ELLS,' Editor and Publisher only natural that we .should need while here Editur. AXXIE WELLS CAyXON,-Uistu- nt in thid. earthly probation, line upon line, anttnatre GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFER ENCE. precept upon precept, here-- little Utah. it. , Salt in Published monthly, We are like children we need reTe onr oopr one year Jj.oo; one copy sk monrt s, a little. The general conference of the Relief of our duties aud oblirfitiona; and 50 cts. No rrdu;tion made loi clubs. Oly papers minding e 2 cts. Society of the- Church was held on Thursby. raaiL -- xtra Jor postagnevea be neceasary sometimes to tiiQUgkit Tines : ten omonpanet A ivcrming squarr. the - Salt- - Lake 190-paints, yet the Lord" is ."even more day, Ociober-3,$Z.oo. A liberal sHce one time $2.50. pet month ' merciful than we could expect or even than Assembly Hal in this city, and was the to regular advertisers. ' CerbXlH)NKNl iffice Koom 509 'l empieton, South Iemple largest congregation in the forenoon ever we'ourselves often are to each other. m., to m. every 5 a. p. Busme.10 from hours Mreet. morning session. The organ " tainly the blesini;s poured out; upon this present at awith lay, except Sundy the Society banners, and Address all business commiiniranons tr (called Mormons) .'here in these was draped people nnd nit llnwpr! nrnnmontJ rtlnnt Mrs. E. B. WELLS, vsvvv. mountain vales are far beyond wiiat could nnrfpfj UltU Utah. y. ali ukkui cfiicers-anwhere the most the ihe even stands, presiding been have, anticipated by s'peakers were seated. hopeful. t as Lakttah, Salt Host Ufftct LUy, in .. Enttrci at tit. President Bathsheba W. Smith presid- of the crude primitive thinking Indeed, ' ' matter. r $ 'iott ehisf times in the early days in this valley, and CU aim uiauc du auuitao ui wciuuiiic, inut of opulence and won the hearts of her audience.as well as October. 1907 coming upon such scenes 3 alt Lake City, Utah. splendor as are seen nowadays is. like listen- their most respectful and earnest attenword she uttered in her diging to a fairy tale. . But meantime are we tion to every saint-likwomanly way. laying up treasures in heaven commensurate nified and. AN ARTISTIC BOOKLET. We in every parwas excellent music here? The . with what we are participating in There is for sale at this office a booklet is- must all answer for ourselves, and let us ticular, the hymns well chosen, and those sued by our president of the Relief Society. hope and believe many of this people who who sang and played seemed to partake Sister Bathsheba W. Smith Jor the sisters of have come here for the Gospel's sake are. of the lofty spirit of the sacred occasion. The sisters from a distance who reportthe Relief Society or others who might de- The young generation, born here in the sire to have one, either for herself or a midst of plenty, do not and cannot realize ed their work were pleasing, and concise sacin presenting the subjects with which prespnt to a friend. - The book is entitled what the early, settlers endured nor the 'A Swarm of BV Bringing Blessongs." Pubrifices, they made. Many of these things they had to deal, and the spirit of the Relief society as it is understood by its birthday. There are too harrowing in detail to bear repeatlished for her eighty-fiftare in the book good pictures of Sister ing, and if told they could never be por workers was embodied in the reports, the teachings and instructions given. years ago, also one taken trayed as they actually transpired. Smith thirty-fiv- e The afternoon session was still more It is not worth while to dwell upon the forty years ago with Sisters Eliza R Snow, Zina D. H. Young, and Emily P. Youngs past. The immense future that is looming largely attended, the gallery as well as and one taken recently. Price of the book, up before this people and world will occupy the lower hall being filled with ladies. A the .attention, call for all the activities of few brethren were present also, and the fifty cents. the men and women who live, or who will congregation was favored with the presence of two of the Apostles, Elder John be living tofake part in the great dispensation now being ushered in; and it behooves Henry Smith and Elder George Albert all those who are partakers of the Gogpel Smith, who each addressed the audience OCTOBER GENERAL CONFERENCE. "feast of fat things," to be 'diligent 4iin on Gospel subjects, dwelling at some The General Conference of the Church of season and out of season," and help in the length upon woman's part in the great Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints this year work established, that none may fail for lack plan of salvation, giving much credit to was one of the largest if not the very largest of understanding.or because the watchmen in the mothers in Israel for the labor already in attendance of people ever held. It is not a Zion have been sleeping at their post and accomplished, and urging upon the youngremarkable fact when we consider the growth the writer includes in the word watchmen er women to take hold of the work' of the of the Church not merely at home by means women as well as men, mothers as well as Relief Society, and assist in the ' mission of ministering to the sick and afflicted, of family life, but the spread of the work in fathers, and fathers as well ss mothers. other lands and in our own country, which Certainly, there never has been a time comforting the sorrowing" and clothing and feeding the hungry and destitute. necssarily means numbers of Saints gath- when every organization of the holy priestThe brethren seemed to realize the imering to Zion.. The fact remains, how- hood, and every auxiliary organization in the Church, and under its auspices was in portance and magnitude of this charitable ever, that the crowds at the conference meetings could not find standing room in the such good order and as well and harmon- and philanthropic organization, and to large tabernacle; and other places also were iously regulated as at present, and when appreciate the fact that more of the filled to overflowing on Sunday, October 6, every endeavor seems to be put forth to youngersisters are' needed in this first 1907. Indeed, when all the halls available bring all quorums and organizations up to and greatest society of the women of this near the Temple w re filled,. the streets were sueh a high standard of excellence. . Chuich. : All this is a matter of rejoicing,. and yet crowded with people;- therefore, it is safe to Sister Emmeline B. Wells had been there we when the is Zu more are but n avenues give growing, say opening every day, given to speak upon at this afternoon true interpretation of Zion, "tbe is one might say,for the workers. All is not session "Reminiscences of President: Em heart,". will it apply then? done; nor- perhaps begun, though many ma Smith's two counselors in the first Rer. The sermons delivered during the confer- have finished their work here and gone for- lief Society organized. " Sarah M. Clevehe ward (according to the faith in which they land and Elizabeth Ann Whit neV, there ence were very best, sound, practical advice, wise and judicious reasoning, so implicitly trust), and many new recruits was very little time and therefore only a nave come and are still coming, and the few points touched though plain and clear, easily comprehendbut some items upon, who words heard of the inspired hosts of Israelare still being added to and ed by all sacred of was music The the the strengthened, and yet all are not converted, ing conference at a later date." , order.mellowsoul the and and. we have more or less of vanity and upliting highest On Mondav. Orrnhpr 7 inn?, a testl- ing the fee ings of the h urn an a r tr There5 pride and frivolitv amontr thns mony meeting of the General Relief Sowas really nothing to mar the "harmony wno' are growing up right here; hut what ciety was held in Barratt Hall, which was that prevailed ir the largeNand crowded as more can be done will undoubtedly be .filled with' sisters, many of them from far-oby semblies, and there was much, food for. those who ar vigilant and faithful in the stakes of Zion, Mexico and Canada, will all who benefit heard that the Zion intereetsf and thought her people. was a and some from foreign lands. It inwords of eternal truh uttered bj. the yjbe Lord is mindful of his covenant verv interesting meeting, and would be a God of who addressed x the people, and wHI fulfill all His promises con- wonderful spired mer to women unacspectacle such with sublime eloquence as to cerning Zion, "BHautifuFfor situation, the quainted with the lives and efforts of the people to the of nature the vast mul jny of the whole earths is -- mount- Zion. women oLZionl At higher appeal this; meeting Presi- titud of men and women. God is knownin ..her palaces for a . 111 1 rh rirociMed. and . When one reflects upon iuc greai men or reiuze. roriO. tfift k.nvavreTaQetTMAhK the tu uuxc, uiey y CVv pasja Dy rogeiner, 'Ihey saw it, and Gospel," and of the divine mission 01. i Woman's Exponent L-i- e tn-- At ' whosft. th nasi w. troubiPil . . -- M -- : drliv-ire- d chaa-teih- . rait-s- E-- ct. m.- iiS-u- nt '.r , - ' - d -- - e, -- - h - - , . Pe - of-t- 1 -, , fl . ; " 1 W WW m I L W - T 