.. this dreary; desert ..path. . The 1 horns and thistles vvheresoe'er We turn.'-U'bat trials; and what tears, what wrongs: and '. wrath, and what strife the journey What struggles, ' ' Ave', look upon : - - hath! She has escaped raoui n. , '.- - . from these, and mn?f Hp. that brated cities m England and France, taking .in the art galleries, cathedrals and places of historic interest, and enjoyed to the utmost the brief time they were able to spend in Sister Priscilla was the daughter of President George A. Smith and Susan E. West Smith, and was born June 11, 1869, inJ he j)ldLhistpric houseknpwnthen,and. now, as the Historian s Office, east on South. Temple Street in this city, the home of the family of President George A. Smith for many years. It was there she grew to womanhood, Miss Smith's marriage to Elder George S. Taylor, of Provo, was solemnized in the Salt Lake Temple on Thursday, October 25, 1906, her brother, Apostle John Henry Smith, performed the ceremony. A reception was held in the evening at the residence of her sister and brother-in-laMr., and Mrs. W. N. Williams. The reception was a delightful occasion, attended by numerous relatives and friends. Sincere congratulations and many beautiful gifts of love and friend ship were tendered the happy couple, and there was seemingly every prospect of a long and happy life before them. But alas! we know not what' from day to day may transpire- One shdrtyear of wedded happiness and the home is made desolate by the departure of the young wife and mother- Sister Priscilla Smith was a most estimable young woman bright and attractive; orit ezwittLh exj ? aay school - and wherever she was known, She was active in organization work in the Sunday .School and was for years a teacher in-tJuniorTheologicaL class, and also for a number of years president of the Primary Association .of the 17th ward. She was actiyely identified with and a teacher in one the Y, L. M7 I. of the departments of that Association. The educational training and discipline of the work of these various organizations prepared her for the higher work and the broader sphere of the Relief Society, as a missionary of the General Society among the several stakes of Zion. For a number of years and up to the time of her marriage she had been very efficient in her duties and in traveling and speaking; North, south east and west she traveled quite extensively in the several stakes of is befitting the purest sentiment of sorrow for one beloved, who has gone forever from our vision in this mortal life. It is rare indeed that eyeQ a poet can find words, that will convey-i- n rhythmical measure the spulful tenderness, that will touch the hearts of those, who also have suffered the loss of the neirest and dearest companion or friend In that beautiful book recently revised ar.u repuuusneu oy urea entitled "Holly And Easter Lilies, "we sight-seein- g. r he .. lt4-- we r visited the lariest and . e find the pathetic in lines so exquisUely touching to the human heart mat tney tnriu every nbre ot one s being like sweet music of the harp when the strings are touched gently by graceful fingers. word-pictur- It is gratifying to realize there are living poets, who have the divine fire burning in their souls, that can burst forth into song when the heart is bruised and w, bleeding. Love is immortal and let us rejoice there are those, who can express its deepest emotions in words for the multi- - . generations1 men and women yet to be born, and pass through .life's' experiences. We commend to all who love poetry, and to all who believe in love, the Memo-ri- al Edition of "Holly And Easter Lilies,'" and we haveJnahesitationJnsaying it is Idaho, Wyoming, Colorado, and in nearone of the most touching tributes of tenFew women as ly every stake in Utah. der love and pure sentiment, one could young have taken hold of this work in pay to the wife of his bosom. Better b3r earnest and been as diligent and faithful far thanthe most cestly monument of and tactful as Sister Priscilla was. She cold marble; for the poem will live in "Though lost to sight; to memory dear will be sincerely mourned by the memThou ever wilt remain," many hearts wilL soothe . undoubtedly bers of the Board; we shall miss her n anrl nnp ran manv whn riff presence in our meetings, where she has t l l Sister Taylor's babe was born Septema. pan ui uie sum aim irr uie uit imagine been a regular attendant. She was al ber 19, 1907, and she never really rallied, the man, who poured forth in such eloways cheerful and ready to respond' to though at times great hopes were enterquent language, the burden of his sadness any call made upon her if it was possi of for the lost companiorif hisyouth, the recovery. She passed peaceble. She was an unusually interesting tained herafter sufof and . months mother of his children. fully pain speaker on subjects pertaining to the fering.away Her husband and mother were, The poem as previously published was work of the Society, along all the many and her sisters and with one Mrs. Lambourne loved best, her favher, constantly lines embraced in this great movement orite of all her husband has written, and other relatives near and dear were exerfor woman's advancement- - Sister Pris and rendering every ashe hasconsecrated it to her mgmory, as cilla was genuine, she could always be cising their faith, one would dedicate a marble monument sistance possible under thecirsumstances. depended upon, and she possessed all the Her sweet babe was then a little more nr from fnnnfain , anrlU nsirle thr . ...... w excellent traits of character that make a than six weeks old. ling melody of the words the publication womanly woman and a true and faithful The funeral services were held in the of this little volume has cost its author in Saint. value.as much as a rnarble column Fifth ward chapel of Provo on Wednes- money I t ll a 4 n a lost call them "The loved and last! Why do we November 6, 1007, Bishop Albert day. Because we miss them from our onward road; Manwaring presiding, and excellent music to allude to monev value here, but in this. God's unseen angel o'er our pathway crossed, was furnished by the ward choir. The commercial age. it is almost imperative. Looked on us all, and lovin? them the most, ' in Mrs. of the Lambourne The portrait life's Divid President from were John, wear)' speakers Straightway relieved them load. Patriarch John Smith, Apostle Reed book gives one little , idea of the true Smoot and President F. M Lyman, who womanly wealth of love and sympathy, door the within are lost are not "They they offered sweet consolation to the bereaved. she poured out lavishly upon her That shut out loss, and every hurtful thing; when hewas toiling with pen or With angels bright, and - loved ones gone before, There were very many floral efferings, In their Redeemer's presence evermore, and the pure white Casket that held the brush, and his whole soul wrought upon and and And God Himself their Lord, Judge remains was literally embowered in these to give the true artistic touches to his King." beautiful flowers from foving relatives work. Wilhelmina nnftninc verse "To itfhp in Priscilla Smith was educated here in and friends. Sister Taylor was buried is exquisite in its thoughtful ten-- " Marie" the Provo cemetery near other members Utah in the very best schools, and atderness, but the closing lines carry in the tended' some years the University of of her husband's family. The grave was word "Forever" that which should be to Henry Smith. Utah; being naturally gifted along intel- dedicated by Apostle Johnabout-sixtthe writer a talisman of all he should rel A special car conveyed lectual lines of study she took special strive to gain for conjugal immortality of atives and- - friends from Salt Lake; City work in 1 he University, and later oh, dur hope and reunion Hereafter ing the last few years, itook a special to attend the funeral services. ; The closing short poem ; Rest after course of study in the Agricultural College the year of sorrow had passed is i ull of "Farewell! The lonely word that parts at Logan. Binds two in silence ever fast; . . yearning and of grief unspoken,' but the friends hearts of sundered circle these young She had a wide Each throbs to each, writer hopes for all such sensitive souls, I 1. One in the sacred past." and was greatly appreciated oy mem. the balm time carries on his wings in his She was a valued -- member of; the Sunonward never-endin- g flight, may bring its shine Club and other social circles. Addhealing virtues, and4hat from the sorrow-crushe- d ed to the education of schools and universpirit may come forjth greater LILIES. EASTER a AND took Smith HOLLY, trip Miss sity studies, courage and strength to comfort others, abroad in 1903". in company with Miss all to reis good to be able. to give expression who .suffer, and it is well for It s oLtheUtah (a:graduate e member; they are most finest TotHe teacher a . University, and for many years of one's souL in language are most tested. emotions schools). of marked ability in our public - - rrief-strirL'e- 1 1 . snnl-thri- l- . mm 1 A mm bwk w m m m Y mm 1 Jr. fmt - ' hus-ban- d, . ' ' - . . . - . 1 A Rachel-Edward- feelingsand-the'-most-deli-cat- 