WOMAN'S EXPONENT. seecTniiry present VtiaVho this stormy morning.. Reported the ; Blackfoot Stake in good wcrkinir or der. Spoke of the annual fund and hoped we-- would all be prompt in. this. Verbal retorts were given by Matilda Rupp, Blajckfoot; Lost River by Stake; President Lucy. A." Steers;Rtversi(Je by Maggie Taylor; Groveland, by Alice Yancy; Ba salt by iYieiJie iJ. Dye; uodvilleby Mary Cunningham; Goshen by Sophia Soren-se. ' . .... n. SisterMaryA. (Lambert missionary from the Relief Society was very pleased to be General Board, present, but was sorry to hear of such a lack of attendance; said the Relief work was anoble labor, and she enjoyed it very much- - Thought we could Visit the Sick to cheer and comfort them, as this did much good; we as mothers should teach our children the law of tithing also teach them to be humble and prayerful. Also spoke of our aged President and said she had the Relief So ciety work at heart- - Although she is not nhle th travel, her thnnrrhtc nrp vrm all. Advised" the mothers to look after their girls and boys and teach them to be virtuous and truthful and live pure and ' ' ciation, said she was delighted to be present; weas mothers have wnrWrt perform. Relief Society workers and Mu tual workers should go hand in hand. Spoke of the evils of Bishop Frank C. Parkinson felt it'an honor to stand before the sisters in this conference; referred to his labors as a a missionary and said he of deal great help from the Relief Socie of the Blackfoot ward. Said, "Moth- ty ers, remember your daughters and teach them to live pure and virtuous lives and marry men of our own faith." Steers felt we had . President Lucy A. had a good time together, and desired to thank our visiting sisters, and also wished them to carry our heartfelt thanks to Salt Lake to the General Board, for sending us such good sisters. We as a Stake Board very much desire to have the hearty support of the new Stake president. ThankeoVall who had taken and benediction and adjournment. rrrt fault-findin- g- -h- ' Song by Louisa Herbert- Stake President James Duckworth was glad to meet with the sisters and felt paid already for coming; also glad to hear the good reports. Counselor John F. Shelly was very glad to, be present and partake of the , good spirit; knew that if we all did we would be blessed in our labors. Counselor Juliette Blackburn was pleased to see so many present; glad that we had our sisters from Salt Lake with us; knew we were blessed with the spirit of the Lord. Spoke on Temple t we ought to have a band of good lively teachers to work up an interest in these associations; urged all to be more prayerful and strive to do right- Afternoon session of the Relief Society Conference, President Lucy A. Steers : presiding. Reports were given by Lucy Christen-se- n of Moreland ward; Thomas by Bertha Noachr Shelly by Elizabeth Kelly; Kimball by Alida Robertson. The reports were very good in a financial way, but a lack of attendence was reported by all. President Lucy A. Steers thanked all for coming out to report, their- associations ' Sister Woodbury of the St. George Stake was glad to be present; also glad our-duty- work-Though- - one of God's children; advised the mothers to teach their little children-tpray iuu- dbK. ine piessing on me iooa; uu uui - let your children roam the streets." Spoke of how she enjoyed working in the Temple; thought we should all spend more of our time for The Lord as our tune is snort nere on eartn. Sister Mary A. C. Lambert spoke bf the many hardships she had endured for the Gospel's sake, but knew the Lord will bless us all if we seek Him in prayer- - She also earnestly spoke of the Nurses' class to beutaught in Salt Lake this year; Saints should have thought we Latter-da- y our own nurses and doctors ; we are certainly the most blessed people on the- iace otth.erearth.;K:":';;.,:;;:v-"-.:- v. Stake President Sarah Carruth of the Young-LadieMutual Improvement Asso s ad-received part-Singin- g Rosalia Nielsen, u-it- holy lives. IS - . Secretary. SNOWFLAKE STAKE. The Relief Society conference of Snow-flak- e stake was held at Snowflake, June i6th, 1907, Sister Alice Merrill Home of the General Board, present. As conference was held on Sunday, Bishop Hunt took charge of the open ing exercises and then gave the meeting into the hands of R. S. Stake President Mary J. R. West, who gracefully welcomed all to conference and expressed gratitude for the visit of Sister Home. Snowflake, Taylor, Shu m way, Show-loand St- - Joseph branches were reported by Sisters Nellie M. Smith, Mary A. Standifird, Dicia J)enham, Lucinda Refdhead and Nina Porter respectively. Written reports from Woodruff and Pine- dale were read. All were represented as doing fairly well and pleased with the success of the Book of Mormon lessons. Ethel Porter Westover read an excellent paper: '"Restrain the Evil Tenden- w cies of the - Child-'- " Brother Ninian Miller spoke very interestingly cn "The Condition of Women before the Prophet organized the Relief . Society." Sister Alice Merrill Home addressed the meeting. Said President Bathsheba W. Smith sent her love and greetings to all the sisters. Spoke lovingly of her and gave a brief sketch of her early life. She placed great confidence in the stake and ward presidents and desires them, to a great extent, to work out their own ideas. The subject of social purity among our young people has been suggested as a subject for the missionaries to speak on. In the afternoon session, the meeting was again given to the sisters after the administration of the sacrament- - The first speaker was Counselor Emma L. Smith, who spoke on Joseph Smith V efforts to place woman in her true position-He- r remarks were interesting and could not fail to make the congregation think more than once of her subject. Sister Mary Morgan, of the St. Johns Stake, also addressed the conference. Spoke of the comfort she had received from attending Relief Society meetings,-anencouraged the sisters, old and young, to become members. . , d a,w bister Alice Merrill W,;r.: gavs beautiful address on art." '. V Officers of the General and Stake Board were sustained by vote. In addition to the Stake Board,- Marie West Riggs was sustained as Book of Mormon instructor and Annie Rogers assistant secretary. Interspersed among the speaking was a W? uount your song dy iuiss mien, riaair: Many Blessings;" also a quartette by young ladies under the direction of Miss Mabel Stratton, and some sayings oPBrigham ere Young by Master Lyman Horner-Thwas also an evening session in which Sister A. M. Home gave a lecture on housekeeping. Sister May H. Larson gave an excellent address on "What the Relief Society work has done for woman." . Elders James M. Flake and Alof Larson of the Stake Presidency made en couraging remarks. There was. an organ recital by Mrs. Nellie Hunt, a recitation by Master Smith, and a quartette under the direction of Miss Adlee Lindsay. There was a larger attendance than we usually, have at the Relief Society conferences and a genuine good feeling seemed to be enjoyed by all. V Della F. Smith, Secretary. ' - 1 A 1 ,: . 1 La-zel- le SOUTHERN ALBERTA. A REGION OF FAT FIELDS AND FULL GRAN" ARIES. ' Probably no part of the continent at the present time is undergoing more rapid advancement and receiving greater increase in population than is that particular part of the vast British dominion on the north commonly known as the Canadian Northwest. Until recently figuring merely as territories, with" the disadvantages which such a status implies, Alberta and Saskatchewan have now bloomed out as fully equipped and. more widely extended provinces, their former, sister tern- tory of Assinaboia having been wiped off the map through the changes in their boundaries, and her loss accruing to their great gain. Even before these changes had taken place, the tide of immigation from the east and south had strongly set in, and under prosperity's magic touch all industries and. interests began to glow. But during last year and this, the movement toward the "newest and last West," and the brightening of its prospects, have been truly marvelous, if not indeed almost unexampled in the record of those mysterious and irresistible migrations where peaceful armies of the children of men swarm out in search of new lands in which to make new homes. C It is less than two decades since the earliest of Mormon colonists crossed the international boundary and pitched their tents or outspanned . their teams on the; broad prairies of "Sunny . Southern Alberta." They found-- goodly land, and A dozthey have prospered exceedingly. towns en or more .thriftv, well-buito some of them already aspiring the metropolitan conveniences of waterworks systems and electric lights attest the prudent care with which these settlers nnrrioA witli fhpm anH nnr into practice the lessons learned in theirlUtah homes-Ia district'so vast, uponlacres so mag- - . a lt n -- 