WOMAN'S EXPONENT; Hall in a ",:,"J,"ttuVtt:-'- UU,UL that the past s :- "4Z"V'JM'"- "' x mnnihtnfihi-K- t Moniifc:... QrC "as'beeu vtry; prW.tatSve want . ': "Prayer In VSe flSfie?" .""" wuiiv, da iu me oruiner naruen isenmon, counselor in A general Kenet- - society testimony -- Mothersr work the officers the and stake presidency." thought the lectures general meeting was held in Barratt Hal!, Monpoaru led that you should make yourown had been quite appropriate, also spoke of 1 1 a. m.,' President .Hat day. April 8, at outline, and in doing so choose simple prayer and home influence, Smith presiding. subjects and not questions that the sisters .Sister Sarah M. Colton was to Is"Redeemer of singing by Opened cannot handle. A new field has been meet so many here, as it was a pleased very bleak rael." Prayer by Sister Mary Alice l,en.ed up in. some of the stakes,- that is day. and some of the sisters had many bert. Singing,!lCQrne,Let us Anew.'l -s- pecial missionaries set had been pi eased-wit- h apart by the'stake miles to travel-S- he The President made some happy represidency to visit the homes in your drs- - the lectures and the other exercises. Re-- ! marks and stated that she had prepared tncts; we commend thisnvork to you that ported the stake fn good condition, en- she would have read to every home may be visited and some instructions young couraged the sisters in their duties, and the Sisters; hoped the Lord would bless women invited to attend and join the Re- - spoke of the new tabernacle which is belief Society. As was read to you, we de- - ing built here, us. The secretary, Sister E. U, Wells, then read the paper, President, B. W. sire that all your business should be con- After closing oxercises, conference ad-- ; Smith's Instructions to the Relief Society. ducted strictly along, business lines; let journed until 2 p.rri: Counselor Ida 5, Dusenberry announced each woman do the work in her depart- Afternoon session, 2 p.m. Usual cpen-- : that Sister Smith desired the sisters to ment. The Relief Society are going to ing exercises, then Annie K. Bartlett gave make short speeches and as loud as possipublisha..history of the stakes and missions a brief report of the general conference and in the Circular letter, we have not of the Relief Society in October held in ble, and that the meeting was now turned J sisters. over to the put all the questions necessary; if there is Salt Lake City, spoke of economy of time; Many strong testimonies were given, anything of special interest in your work also of faith, and of mothers going to mostly by sisters living long distances put it in the report you send in. We Sunday school with their children instead commend your good works; God bless of sending them alonefurged the different away, calculated to inspire faith and V. courage. you. Amen. presidents of the Relief Society in' regard A quartette was sweetly sung by four Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry then read to gathering grain for storage, Sister of Mrs. Edward's pupils, "Scatter Seeds the minutes of the first meeting of the Phebe Hislop reported the Maeser Relief of Kindness." Relief Society from the original record, Society. It was requested that all who had, perand stated that Sister Bathsheba Smith, Singing, "Praise ye the Lord." Sister Sarah Pope felt to bless the sis- sonally known the ProprTet Joseph Smith as you all know.is the only living member stand. There were fifteen present who of the eighteen sisters present at the first tefs for coming out to meeting such a had been acquainted with him. organization and I want her to stand, and cold, bleak day; compared the time of Morning session closed with singing, all say. Amen to my wish that she live as today with what it was in the early days "Lord. Dismiss us," etc. Benediction long as life is dear to her. to testify to us of the Church, gave a brief history of- her of this organization and of the mission of travels in crossing the plains, spoke of by Julia P. M. FarnsworthOfficers meeting 1:30 p, m. in Barratt the Prophet. Sister Smith rose up and the good times she had had in visiting the different branches of the Relief Soci- all the sisters said Amen. Hall, President B. W. Smith presiding. Commenced with singing "Come, Come. SisterMary E. Bateman moved that ety in the pst. Ye Saints."" Prayer by President Jane S. Sister Lydia Wall reported the Jensen the address by Sister B. W. Smith that Richards. Singing, "Do What is Right." was read this morning by Sister Wells Relief Society and Sister Adele Huuting Sister Clarissa S. Williams then read "and this afternoon by Sister Williams be reported Naples Relief Society, Patriarch Nelson Merkley spoke of the the address of the President of the Relief published in pamphlet form and given to Society. Sister E. B. Wells then read the different branches of the Relief Socie- - love fathers and mothers should have for the resolution in regard to the d ty; seconded by Sister Julia P. M. Farns- their children, make home pleasant and teach them the principles of the gospel, of flour to be sent to China, and spoke worth and others, and carried. Sister E- B- Wells moved that a com- and live for eternity not for this life only. briefly upon the matter and then offered President Wm. Smart felt to congratu a resolution that the sisters tender the mittee be appointed to wait upon the late the sisters in coming out in the in d of flour to the Presidency from President and acquaint him of the resoluHe had been quite their own store; the resolution was section passed about the wheat; seconded clement weather. onded by Sister Clarissa S Williams and by Sister C. S. Williams and others, and interested in theLremarks,-especially-i- n Counselor Annie. T. Hyde, and was carcarried. Sisters C. S. Willi ims, E. B. regard to the rise of the Church, by Sister Pope; thought the counsel given,if we live ried unanimously Wells and Ida S. Dusenberry were apbenefitted. A young ladies' chorus sang "The pointed by the President to notify the up to it, we would be greatly of the tabernacle Mother's Lullaby." First Presidency of the action of the con- Spoke of the completion in the stake.also on punctuality and waste Dr. Ellis R. Shjpp spoke ference on the matter. upon the Relief Society nurse Benediction by a HawaiianSister, Mary of time. work, giving good adPresident Sarah M. Colton made a few Octovice urging young women to take the Lapa. Conference adjourned until closing remarks, thanked all. for their atnurse course as it would better prepare ber, 1907. ;' Emmeline B- Wells, them for thedutierof wife and mother.... tendance. rmonths for three Conference adjourned General Secretary. hood, and announced the next nurse class to be held at Jensen. Singing. B.enedic-b- y Cannon, Annie Wells under the auspices of the Relief Society Brother Harden Bennion. Secretary pro tent. would begin in September. . Phebe A. Merkley, Secretary. Mrs. F. Marion Whitney Dinwoodey rendered a beautiful contralto solo. UNION STAKE Sister Emma Empey then gave a brief RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. sketch of the nurse work under her charge Conference of the Relief Society of lor over seven years and how dear it was UINTAH STAKE. Union Stake was held at Ll Grande, to her heart, and said it was about nine "Mary Scho- Relief Society February 14, 1907. President Minutes of the forty-firyears since the work first started, the first T?' .!;wiui ner onigniKt tarm of Uintah stake,' held at neia presiuing. r' two years Sister Priscilla Riter had conference charge Pres. ten thousand flowers." Prayer, Brother E. -- Relief-Society- , - . - ! i , : ; . ; ; . . - - - . car-loa- - - car-loa- . - . st Naples ward, November 24, 1906, !lnursesJand dgVyery efficient work. Asolo ,Oh Lovely One" was sung by " Mis Dwyer. . Report of St. George stake was given "V the npffi nrocirlonf TTmJltr CnmpMa DrOO ks ! thp Ron nnA cfilro 7n c rpnrP- - SarahMrColton-presiainA - sen ted by Louisa but Corbett; the Juab .".v last three months. ; SoVernal ward.Rehef from , Lecture Mary B. Henry, entitled ciety bv Sister -- Sister reportthe home. Relief Hannah Society, Sister ed Glines Odekirk Vernal Relief Society, song from xMary-J-Har- - asked all the presidents of stakes or their rePresentatiyes to stand, she said we feel ftpfthe usual opening .exercises. Sister . ds 1 1 IvVhjring.Singing,JBfayer-i&JthelsouT- g. Agnes Bennion welcomed the sisters, did not feel like she could report the stake as she had not been home very much the stakeby Counselor Amy B. Grover; General Treasurer Clarissa S. Williams SPke Of fpw ifornc rf 'fmctnPCS- first" .1 r-- s sincere desire. " Roll called and minutes read and approved. Reports of different wards were given, all in excellent condition. Much is being done in regard to storing wheat, each ward seemed to be anxious to fill their share of the granary. All were interested in Mother's Work. Counselor Emily Bramwell spoke of the growing good of the Relief work. lt . ; 