.. .'. ents, but we were much more interested the bride and groom tharr'm the presname them nor ents, therefore cannot ' : yet the donors. Miss Priscilla Smith's is the first marthe missionary workers of the riage from ' General Relief Society, and members of the Board all join in congratulations, wishing all the joy and happiness possible and prayingJorthewelfarc and prosperity of both Brother and Sister George S. in . ;- Taylor. EDITORIAL NOTE. account of our having so many articles that seemed imperative, and having this time the Christmas Story which takes so much of the space, therefore we have been obliged to leave over Sister M. A. Winter's article to the "Sisters of the Relief Society," and the continuation of the "Trip to England, R. S. report of Box ..Elder Stake and "Sketch of Lucretia Mott.'' We trust the sisters will the delay in issuing the paper which wa3 On ex-ca- se positively unavoidable for several t reason?, that we cannot very well explain in public ' print. The assembling of the Legislators of Utah this year is of considerable significance to the of this state, and as there are bills and measures pending of vital interest to. the fare of women citizens, they should study some of these questions and if possible exert an inflaence with members on the Committees that have these important matters women in hand. It is greatly Io be regrett d that in state where women have equal privileges with men, there wa3 no woman nominated for the present Legislature, nor has there been so far as we are aware, any courtesy extended to a the ladies of the city. "AH Aboard for ique heading of an Vermont" was the uninvitation to attend a gathering in the Lion House on January i, 1907. Snow had fallen heavily but the guests came and the festivities began on time. The pairing of guests by means of. cards cut in a peculiar shape to fit into each other-w- as the curious method by which the partner was found, and the process of hunting was very amusing, at last however all were paired off and were summoned to the banqueting hall up stairs, where tables were arranged and when the guests were seated; the blessing was asked by President F. M. Lyman. To give the elaborate menu would be next to impossible, but there was chicken pie, dain-les. Pumpkin and mince pie, and many n as well as fruits, nuts, and candies. the parlor of the dear old Lion Ho us e.. after the feast, there were games and conversation and then the guests were called up stairs again where there was a mas free and presents on it for all the Vermont party; and Sister Susa Y. Gates made a bright little speech as each one's name was called, and there were remarks by seyeral of the distinguished party who oad been the guests of .President Jos.F.--5? on that memorable trip to Vermont. he committee to whom the thanks of toe guests are due for this delightful en ... J? I'4 ili"Jll f ..ff.' ROMAN'S EXPONENT 45 tertainment .were SvYsinnfiptjA Smith, InaX; SmitVEtfith A. Smith, Alice A. Richards,; It was certainly one of tne;most enjoyable gatherings we have ever attended. svav and a simple little kindergarten story told how the child was impressed to take care of. the minutes. Eternal right should stand out in our efforts to train and correct our children. Let the rational punishment come to rethemthey it. Teach quire them and show what there is to be grateful for, and to give thanks to B- - The Daughters of the Pioneers have been doing such extraordinary things in ine-way-- 1; -- ot umqueentertainmentsrthaf poem was an appropriate ending to the address. The time having expired, we adjourned until 2 o'clock by singing and benediction. Luncheon was served during the noon hour in the Relief Society hall in the stake building Afternoon session commenced at 2 o'clock with the usual of singing and prayer. Sister Cannon greeted the sisters and reported' a number of matters of busi-nes- s that were to be attended to. She-hain mind for some time the need of a Relief Society library, and wished to found a' Stake Relief Society library today, and presented several volumes, mostly lives and histories of great women who had done philanthropic and charitable organized work. She realized these books would be useful in the outline of the more officers were needed in the stake work, and the names of Lily Foster Sperry recording secretary, and Sister Eva Robinson organist, and Lilian Lambert Woodbury librarian, were presented and sustained. Sisters Rosina Lambert, Sarah A. Daveyand Jeanette Littley were sustained as stake missionaries.1 Sister Cannon presented the outline fnr the coming year to the congregation and instructed the sisters to prepare the first lecture for their first meeting in January, 107. "The noted women of our day is the subject; great interest was manifested by the v officers, and a highly instructive and most enjoyable year is promised through this line of work. Great praise is due President Cannon for the able manner in which the outline is portrayedit met with the hearty approval of the General Board when presented to them. Before hearing from our visitors, a solo was most beautifully rendered by Sister Mabel Poulton Kirk accompanied by Sister Eva Richardson. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. Sister Sarah Jenne Cannon expressed her pleasure at meeting with us and bore PIONEER STARE. a faithful testimony to the truthfulness of v this work. The Pioneer Stake Relief Society conElder Junius F. Wells said he .came at ference was held Saturday, Deeember 8, the request of his sister, President Annie 1906, President Annie Wells Cannon preWells Cannon, and while he couldn't residing. After the preliminary exercise', some of the wards were called on for call thr time when he had addressed a brief reports, which were given that our meeting of the sisters, he was always interested in their work, and desired to Secvisiting sisters. E. B. Wells, General sustain and uphold our president in her Ida Sm6ot Dusen-berrretary, of the General Society, might know position, for he knew she was trying to. ' do her duty in this line- - In going about what we were doing. Sis- the world instances oresented fhpmjp1vpc Sister Wells was the In 1886 ter; Cannon then presented SisterDusen-berr- y that strengthened his testimony. 1 to the congregation, who gave us a he was priviliged while on a mission,, to meet the first Relief Society Presidents-Sis- ter ."Child Culmost interesting address-oEmma Smith, wife of the Prophet ture." Mothers were exhorted to lead the con- lives of truthfulness, as every , act has Joseph-i.: - During this interview : . .. i: .I.t.. JJUJ rrfore or less influence on the child. The veibciiiuii uuueu iu ;cany limes, ana many incidents took on added interest when speaker toucbingly pictured the child life at home, and the purity and simplicity of related by her. She was in meagre stances, and the ma n who was then her mother. The necessity of correcting of" her husband was""very inferior and caused hearlyendei speaker in his mind to compare him dishonesty was imperative and the effects the in after life were plainly demonstrated. with the husband of early days. It plainly We are dishonest if we idle our time illustrated what could .come into a life one cannot keep up with all their achievements especially of late during the- - holiThe Pioneer Reunion to celebrate dayslaying of the new rag carpet on the the iloor of the relic room was made quite a festive occasion, after five minutes speeches by Sisters B. W. Smith, E. B. Wells, L. V. Smith and Alice K. Smith, on old customs and what the pioneer mothers had to do in earlier days ancl spoke of the Daughters and Grand daughters. Elder O. F. Whitney made a very interesting speech on historical items and instances, and the First Presidency having come in were urged to speak each one in turn giving a few facts of unique history, President J. R. Winder's remark's being rather pathetic, his life so unlike that of most of the foremost men in the Church standing as it were alone, and yet firm as the towering mountains about our beautiful vales, his kindred having none of them embraced the faith for which he has stood as as a valiant example. President A. H. Lund spoke briefly, and in a most entertaining way of his native land and early life, and President Joseph F. Smith gave us in his graphic style some of his early boyhood experiences that never fail to elicit the admiration of all who listen. Afterwards the supper of doughnuts pumpkin, pie, brown bread and butter, salt rising bread too, and composition tea were served by the Daughters and all enjoyed these plain, simple, .old-tim- e delicacies. A genial spirit of fraternity pervaded the party, one and all and the wish was expressed that others entitled might come and enjoy the freedom and listen to the reminiscences of early days and learn how the fathers and mothers endured the struggles encountered in settling these barren wastes. . v -- d " . year-Thre- e -- s and-Counse- y, lor first-speak- er, 1 ' cir-cu- m " . 