WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE RAINBOW. j. .... played tho sunshina and rain drops.the birds and -- " the breeze;. ; . The landscape outstretching in loveliness the lap of the year, in the beauty of May. lay-O- For the Queen of "the ' the vale, n gale; :::!ZXod-th- e Springs as .she passed down hours, flowers." I her footsteps sprang herbage and The skies like a banner in sunset enrolled. O'er the west threw their splendor of azure and ' But Till at a distance rose dense and increased, its margin of black touched the zenith and one cloud east. - . the scenes while around us they We gazed on glowed, a vision of beautv appeared on the cloud: Tvvas not like the Sun as ,at midday we view, Nor the Moon that rolls nightly through starlight . and blue. a spirit it came in tha van of the storm, And the eye ' For it looked not severe, like an Angel .of Wrath, But its garment of brightness illumed its dark path. r hues of its grandeur, sublimely it stood. O'er the river, the village, the field and the wood; And river, field,, village and woodlands grew In the bright As , conscious they gave and afforded delight. Twas the bow of Omnipotence, bent in His hand Whose grasp at Creation the universe spanned; Twas the presence of God, in a symbol sublime, His vow from the flood to the exitof Time! dreadful, as when in the whirlwind He pleads, When storms are His chariot, and lightnings His Not steeds, The black clouds. His furled, banner of vengeunce And thunder His voice In to a guilt-stricke- un- the breath of His presence, wheri thousands expire, When seas boil witb fury, and rocks And the sword and the plague-spo- t burn with fire, with death .strew the plain, and wolves, are the graves of the slain. And vultures, . Npt such was the Rainbow, that beautiful one! Whose arch was refraction," its key-ston- e the Sun; A pavilion it seemed which the Deity graced, And Justice and met there and embraced. Mercy Awhile and it sweetly bent Like Love oe'r a death-couch, """ tomb; ". As tired, dark scene; whence it slowly re- - " r' if Love had gazed To ".' - pired. I over the gloom, or Hope o'er the . . Then left the just vanished, or Hope had . v.- not alone on that source of my song; - , months. tach full heart expanded, grew warm,and adored. converse of friends or a day, i.hat how, from my sight, passed forever away; Like that visit, that converse, ' that day to my -- -- bow from remembrance can never depart. picture Js a the in memory distinctly defined, strong and unperishing 'colors of mind; A part of my being beyond my control, oelield in that cloud, and transcribed in my soul. Anonymous Lizzie Robbins, Sec. IN MEMORIAM. GRANITE STAKE. The quarterly conference of the Granite stake Reljej Society vvas held on Tuesday luheTith, atthetalceriaberlnaClCat a- - m. 10 President E. S. Woodruff presid- - inThere were present, three members of On the 22nd day of March, 1907, our dear sister and friend; Emma, the beloved wife of John She left B. Pratt of Hinckley, departed this life, six the eldest husband and a family of a children,- : aJgirLpXabout thirteen years over tne Sister Emma s death cast a eloom whole community, as everyone that knew her loved her sweetand sunrjy disposition, - She was on hand at every call, and true and faithful to . every trust,-- w-'V-- She was born at Lehi, August 3 rst 1876, Died the General Board, 17 stake, and a large at Provo hospital r il arch 22nd,' 1907. Although number of local officers, and members. we miss her at our gatherings, yet we do not President E. S. Woodruff related some mourn as those without hope, for we feel that when Mme. Marie Cazin, the widow of the interesting incidents of her life, and her the Lord makes up his jewels we shall meet our and her journey dear sister again. May God grant it. eminent landscape-painter- , and Mme. experiences in Nauvoo. Catharine A. Alixed,Across. the plains." ilaaeleine Lemaire, -- have - been - elected Sec Relief Society. of the Gen- Counselor Ida members of the "New" Salon jury. ' . . ' . -- Mi-.-.- - , y;--.::: . . visitthe heart el1itrS:a . ex- all who beheld it these verses belong; Its presence to all was the path of the Lord; Like a j 4 world. n eeports. :;r:,:-- - and the heart hailed its beautiful form; . nt When Like ; u , smile. pLher; promise .gave joy to the And fresh in s eral Relief Society gave 'an ' V aress, on tne responsibilities of parents LIBERTY STAKE. in the training of their children, and SisThe ter Sarah J. Cannon, also spoke on the Liberty Stake Relief Society, convened same subject. -- ;1i'':'::7i:.i ;: uard '"uicna The beautiful singing by the Emerson meetinghouse. June 7. 1907, at ten a. m. and 2 p. m... President ward Relief Society choir, added greatly Annie b, Musser presiding. After the to the pleasure of the meeting. usual A dainty lunch was . served to the visitexercises, including the 61 temple work. ffirntpH ors by the members of the stake board the ;th, and 3rd andnprn? 8th wards were rebetween meetings. as ported being in a prosperous condi tion. The afternoon program was a continuaMiss Kenner favored us with a solo, tion of the "Lives of our leaders," a featand Sister Joaanna Angel read an editor- ure which has become very popular inour ial from the Woman's Exponent. conferences during the past two years. The missionaries, Sisters Emma Garter, "The Life of Jedediah M. Grant" being Martha Nolan and Sarah Swift, gave us the subject chosen. some good instruction, and were followed We were favored with the presence of by President Annie S. Musser, Counselors Apostle Heber J. Grant, 'Elder B. F. Zerviah G. Eardley and Mary E. Hodg-so- Grant, Sister Rachel Grant and who spoke of their visit to all the others of the descendants of Pres. many J. M. aged, sick. and afflicted in the stake, also Grant. Apostle Grant took charge of the gave some good advice and words of enmeeting and also led the singing. A biographical Sketch was read by Siscouragement to all present. After sing ing and benediction, conference adjourned ter Dessie Grant, in which Bro. Grant until 2 o'clock... At the afternoon session was characterized as a great preacher of we had Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry and righteousness, an ardent missionary of the bister Phebe . Beatie of the General church, as well as a General of the NauBoard with us. After singing "Come let voo Legion, and Indian fighter, 1st Mayor us anew, and prayer by Sister Martha of Salt Lake City, and a faithful good Morris, Mis? Ball favored us with a solo. man, "faithful, unto death." Counselor Hodgson presented the Elder B. F. Grant spoke of his father's names of the General Board also the missionary labors in the Southern States, names of the Stake Board; all were unan and related some amusing incidents connected with his work there. imously sustained. Apostle Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry said that Heber J. Grant paid a high tribute to the she enjoyed Relief Society work, urged loyalty of his father to the truth, and of the mothers to gain the love and confid his great boldness in proclaiming his beence of their ehildren while they are lief at all times, of his ardent labors durSaid young, related incidents of neglected ing the "Reformation" in Utah. childhood that we might help to avert. that having goodly parents was a great Sister Mary A. H. White gave a sketch blessing. An excellent musical program was renof the life of her father, Apostle Orson Hyde, which was very interesting and dered by the "Grant" family as follows: Trio. "Lullaby" Misses Edith, Florence, much enjoyed. President Musser gave a synopsis of the and Mary Grant. Duett. "Little Boy Blue" Misses Emily work performed by the Stake .Board and the Relief Society in the several and Frances Grant. Solos were sung by Miss Edith Grant, wards. Sister Phebe Y. Beatie felt that Latter-da- y Saints had more temptations Apostle H. J. Grant, Mrs. Lutie G. Canto overcome than any other people and non, and Florence Grant, accompanied especially the young. Let us strive to by Miss Mary Grant. Piano Solo by Miss Grace Grant. . guide them by love, also to cultivate reElder B. Morris Young, Jr., who patience. Sister Sarah Mitchell had been called cently turned from Europe favored us to work among the .young people by the with a delightful violin solo, accompanied r ; priesthood, especially those without by. Miss Ida Whittaker. Rachel on her Grant Sister past spoke homes or parents in the city, made a in life Nauvoo. and her early experiences few remarks in regard to the work. After ibenediction. conference was: ad-- : The Relief Society excursion to Saltair " journed three months. was announced. Minutes of the confer' ' M. Green. ' ence were read and accepted. After singLucy Rob-bin- s, ing and benediction by Sister Lizzie conference adjourned for six . I her robe on the trees, and her breath on the Left r. 3 - , . 