L,t 9 WOMAN'S 'EXPONENT never to. admit her again it she' srtmnu cail. She would not let" her touch the children;. I took them away the moment she came, but once in the park" we saw her in a carriage, and she threw kisses to believe she would steal Jennie them.;.-l- - she could," "Tell me their names, please,. Bettie." anc baby." J'JennijRjsje wrote the "names "upon Mr Brandon one to each of the a card and pinned beautiful dolls he had selected, and having arranged all the elegant toys and ornaments, sat down, pondering what he could do to make her willing to listen to him and accept, his. care and protection for herself and the children dependent now upon her earnings as an artist aii accomplishment she had acquired for pleasure;but her only resource when left with little ones, after the sale of her jewelry and expensive olothing. She knew if she failed she could go to some distant relatives in the north of England, but she dreaded rehearsing her affairs to those who looked upon her marriage as a great triumph, and it had only proved a mis- -, erable failure from. first to last; and had ended in a tragic death, the story of which she shuddered to think, and shrank from all those who knew aught of the ciraWay if !rine : cumstances. Mrs. Brandon had taken lodgings where she felt she would never be discovered any former acquaintances, and with her faithful Bettie and an occasional she had borne up almost cheerfully for the sake of the children. She had the true mother-hea- rt that could endure pain and sacrifice uncomplaingly because of her unbounded maternal love. Horace Brandon seemed intuitively to comprehend the struggles she had been He had heard Lady passing through. Maynard's complaint and the reply of a promise to finish the work tomorrow. It was growing late, and would soon.be midnight; the chimes on all the churches would soon begin. If he could only rouse her was there no way, he wondered, to make her believe in him. While he pondered, a gentle knock came to the outer door. Bettie, alert at every sound, ran, he could hear.soft, timid voices in. the hall; opening the door gently, he saw two beautiful sisters of charity, in the garb of their order. He had been familiar with these ministering angels more or less all his life, andquickly the thought came, here is my opportunity. He spoke reverently to them, and in a few words gave them the pith of the delicateiposition in which he found himself The sisters grasped the situation at once, and in a few moments had taken the citadel, not by storm, but by diplomacy. They were sisters of mercy, and knew how to deal with all sorts of ailments. They saw a beautiful, young woman prostrated withltrouble and overcome with what seemed to her occult mystery unable to account for the appearance of one whose death had been strongly verified to his near relatives. 'They roused her from apathy and gave her a soothing cordial to drink, Which caused reaction of the heart almost instantaneously, and sne listened to the explanations made by these tender-soule- d women, whose, lives by char-wom- an were devoted to "deeds of kindness.JThus. fortified, Mrs. Brandon; consented to see and. converse with her husband's brother, 43 rolled over the roads,-an- d street sinC;t, were heard everywhere. In the shabby dilapidated lodgings of Mrs. Brandon, there was great commotion, Bettie had risen early and the little ones in night-clothsurrounded the tree with, wonder and surprise, calling "Mamma, mamma, I knew Santa Claus' would come!'' and they patted their hands and, screamed with delight: and gaiety, dolls were soon m"t he t r msa ndllhe i ma m m am us tell them over and over how Santa Claus clambered down the chimney. "My I dears, know no more than you do how he comes in or how he knows what is wanted, but last night two of the Sisters of Mercy came here late perhaps they told him how he could come in and what to bring, for I told them I had three sweet little girls with golden curls, and I fancy they almost knew what good little girls you were to go to bed so early." Mrs. Brandon could scarcely talk so affected was she with all Bettie had to tell her of Horace Brandon's devotion and patjence, waiting as he did to speak to her and decorating the tree so daintily. She praised Bettie for her fidelity, and. trustworthiness, while Bettie railed in her most severe tones about Lady May-nar- d and her stuck up maid, "who was no better than other common people," "All's well she declared vehemently. that ends well," Bettie quoted, "and this Christmas will end with a big dinner and a long journey." "O, Bettie, how dare you say such absurd things," said her mistress. "I dreamed it.'' the girl replied frankly, "and I hope her Ladyship's picture gets sent home to her for a Christmas box." MrsBrandon protested against any more such rash sayings, for the children's sake, and added. "Bettie, you must not tell dreams and vagaries that come into your head when you are overworked and . y3unta long beyond the usual visiting time, realizing her extreme ideas of pro- priety, even though he was a relative and an old acquaintance. The coin Mr. Bran don slipped into the hands of thesevisit-or- s was adequate for the invaluable sef-virendered to him. His mind was at rest, he could sleep, eventhough a thousand bel Is were pealing in his ears. "Mrs. Brandon "was notZeasily quieted," many conflicting emotions wrought her soul, gratitude for present needs for the little ones, the charm of Santa Claus and the Christmas tree would bring joy to Jennie and Rosie, and baby Lily, thcugh ce -- so young, would feel the effect of the Christmas jovousness. Of herself Geraldine knew not what to think, she saw that Horace though grown older, had in his heart kept the tender re- -, membrance of what had once been his fondest dream, his hope in life, and she, though true to her marriage vows in every sacred obligation, knew now, what she had never acknowledged even to herself, that Horace Brandon was the one man in all the world that she could both love and trust. The Sisters of Mercy returning late to the convent asked audience with Father Mathew, and when ushered into his presence, showed him the golden coin and told him of the wonderful adventure; and Father Mathew, listening with rapt at tention said, ' My old student, Horace Brandon. I must send for him here toBless my Stars, Mother Mary morrow. be praised! he has returned safely from his travels, he went away in sorrow because his brother had wed the girl whom he had hoped to win, for he was not aware of her engagement to his older brother Roger, a dashing.young, of sports and gay socifellow,over-fon- d ety. I knew of the marriage and lost sight of them afterwards; I learned of the tragedy that caused his death, but was not informed of the details; and you say his widow is in destitute circumstances, he must have squandered two or three fortunes, and she earning, hardly a subsistence, with such talents, .the tale is very pitiable, and most romantic, if I may use such a term.' The Sisters of Mercy with downcast eyes nodded assent to his outspoken praise of Mrs. Brandon's independence and in the solitude of their own little rooms commented upon Father Mathew's seeming approval of the romantic high-spirit- ed . "Strange how things come about when said the two people love intengelyi-younger of the two Sisters; "was it the strong love they had nurtured unseen ' . circumstances, and brought them together after years of waitiug?" "Thee must put away all such idle fancies and count thy beads and ask forgivene- that ss-for over-rule- d thywaywardne . es f ra t , - tired." Bettie kept her own counsel, but left the roommuttering, "I know what's going to happen, and you'll see. " Horace Brandon sought out the Sisters of Mercy and learned that his old preceptor, Father Mathew, was at the convent in old Friars Street and in the early morning he repaired thither with good intent to ask advice. In his long colloquoy vith the good, kind Father he unbosomed his inmost theughts and feelings concerning "I was convinced his brother's wife. when Ijirslt beheld her that she was to be the ruling star of my destiny, I kn ew nothing of her antecedents, nor of her circumstances or position in society, except that she had a charm about her that fascinated me irrisistibly, and that she filled my heart and soul to overflowing This is the rare with joy inexpressible. power and virtue of true purity and excellence, in woman. Is it not so, Father Horace Brandon looked Mathew?' to his advisor for an answer to his question, but when there was no re- - sponse he plied him with another more difficult still, as children often will. Have you never been in love yourself, Father Mathew? Don't you know what it is?". Father Mathew buried his : head in his hands and in a quivering voice said, "Horace, my boy, no one has, ever put such a question to me, but I'll be honest with-yo- u nowyouhave spoken; I loved a , . .. with childrennd carriages of all kinds " ap-pealin- er sister reprovingly. "Yes,, sister, thee knows best,, never- theless Father Mathew - had queer thoughts when we told the story to him, I know, I saw it in his countenance, and he will see them both tomorrow, rest as' sured."' "True love finds' a way e'en through lnrVc: and bars thev say." Christmas morn dawned joyfully, in the reaTcity of Londonrthe streets thronged . . (Continued on page tf.) gly : 