7 -- Mrhfml A M'C -- , 73, - Vol. 35 ,t Drtm-inr- W T? Socety Report; Relief E.?.HRIST-- . p 45 4& . ResoIut onS or 40 Kcspeti Utah Women's Press Club Outlines Uintah Re iet Society The N. W R. S. Convention..... Anthony House Burned. Atvrnnd WarrCH Concerning Women Elected in Nov. 1906 .Wealing . Edional Notes 47 47 4S 45 A 4S Women The DifTeience The Chiistof Bethlehem Ldia I). Alder BETHLEHEM.. JL. 'Twas here the angels sang sweet bevenlv strains, And here the shepherds watched their flocks by ' night; Shone here the star, whose brilliance rilled the world Its dazzling sheen an ... sight. ' awe-inspiri- A 44 Ellis R. Shipp 0 45 41 ng lor, faint cry a hush a smothered moan A manger cradled this distinguished One; Hh pirents late had come their citv far Perfor. e they mut accept this lowlv place. Where lowing of the cattle doth the quiet mar. tiny seed, a mite so small That human eyes could scarce behold, Asleep in mother earth nid fall While closely roun I her arms enfold, Its vital pjwers hid away Til wakened by creative power. Then swells, and bursts its cumbrous clay Expanding to a beauteous fluwer. A No biith of earthlv kins like th's proclaimed, By blaziu star and angels' s ng divine; And though he wore no purple robrs or grand, Immortalized, his name lives through all time. . . Had He ne'er come, what would the world have been, "Bereft of rosy hopeof gladness love? now between the earth and heaven, For one had come e'en from the worlds above. - n Beloved form in earth entombed Inert and silent rests for years, Where many seasons flowers have bloomed Made sweet by love's bedewing tears. Until a holy touch awakes An l fillwitb. life the dormant spark, Of living' fire the soul partakes, Emerges from its prison dark. And heaven seems not far away, e'er more Till be a trysting place among the s ars; For He, the King, the Prince of luve divine, Has come to earth through those bright, shining bars. Though clothed in transient earthly guise To give His life to save mankind Then from earth's thraldom to arise Subliraest nature ever known Into this world an infant bom, A mundane mantle round him thrown. Within the tomb was laid forlorn. But rising from His cerement clothes From out His parted epulchre, Our Savior t i His Father rose, Redeemer of a mortal sphere. Ellis R. Shipp. to His mother Nt only the" . modest, fair lowliest creature 'raong all men. But to It lights th abodes of mis'jy everywhere. A race condemned by Righteousness to die, To sleep forever in their native dust; The gravf, abode once of the. Smles One, Must yreld the treasure it but holds in trust. . Christ's mission: who may learn its heights, its v depths, Or feel the weight of guilt he bore for all, Or understand the glory, heirship given Him, When He redeemed earth's millions from the Fall?" Earth's vict'ry, too, must come; no longer shall It1 be degraded moved to a lower sphere, The Christ of Bethleh?m shall loose s bands, Resplendent 'mong celestial orbs it shall 'ap- THE DIFFERENCE. Two women stand at a cradle side, And gaze on a cture fair p A nestling child, with dark fringed eyes Where ltirlrC thm And shining, - a.n.t nraA pear., hair. but a sleeping child Clasping a battered doll, bhe notes the beauty of form and face, And the rich effect of the priceless lace On the carven cradle that's all. she kisses the babe as she tarries a while; then turns away with a careless smile. sun-touch- ed n die are not unlike in form and face; AQev See . the same child in a' wee white cot, mother and one is riot. one is a . - each-other- hnml" Lydia D. Alder. - - each-other- Mother Bickerdyke, the mot her, nurse r ' " '. : . . . .. is ill f Rpf t tp4 Tnt Mamma aw Ikfc wlin ARffiA came thepother was composed again V W p T A W - the scene had passed- - , was it, Mrs. Brandon?" Bettie ,!' h iiy. asked, Only a fancy, Bettie. I thought I saw a dream come true that-- had long ago,: bring in the children's supper, I must put ".v them to bed." - 1 of the, and confessor of the army-bo- ys ;"?y:Civil War, gave thanks for just being use-- 7 ful. When she might have entered Washchildren had their pretty story told them ington in honor at the grand review of in truly mother style of the beautiful Sherman's and Meade's armies, she "babe of Bethlehem, " and the mother to ride with her troops, yearing a with her face buried, in ber hands sat calico dress and a sunbonnet. Thep, soon pondering overhejij leaving their; ranks to 'waitupon them; mize in spending the few! shillingslhat with food and water, she said: "I. never jreinMnejdonieoleBde considered give the" children something, and Lady be but7! can useful, show of, a making Maynard will not be here tonight, I thought and that's all I want perhaps she, would come early and would pre-fer- ed - ;' :myself-ornamentalzorrwo- rth . . :- . places CHRISTMAS-ROMANCE.-- No, 6 The streets of the city were filled with light and gaiety, bright colors predomk nated every wheret and-th- e shop windows were full of toys, beautiful pictures and dolls of every variety; and crowds of peo, ple upon the street jostled against hurrying to and fro with their arms full of packages and bundles. It was a scene to delight the most fastidious artist that ever reveled in human nature in its simplicity and freedom at holiday time. Children were overflowing with delightfuL anticipations and laughter, songs and music floated on the crisp; December air. Three little girls were on tiptoe in a bay . window, watching the street scene; every now and then exclaiming,' How pretty! mamma, do come and see the trees and things! Where's our tree? We always have one. Santa Claus is sure to come; tomorrow's Christmas." The mother, full to bursting with anxiety trying to get work ready for the eager patron she expected, had scarcely heeded the children s prattle until now, and turning her sweet face smiling but sad, said, "Wait 1 minute, dearies, mam ma, has. almost finished this picture, its for Santa Claus to take away." "O, yes, but that's not his, its for the lady that comes so often to' see you, she isn't Santa Claus," mamma here's more trees com- "O, , ing. "Never mind, little ones, your's will come when you're in bed. I'll tell you a story soon, when I've finished. Now do be quiet, I must work." Thus reproved, thev continued to gaze into the street and talk to The pale, restless woman went op using her brush, for the finishing, touches of the picture, and the room grew dini asnight approached and she seemedto see the shadows of the past more and more vividly until she was almost blinded by the mental panorama.,, She spoke half aloud. "I can't do any more tonight,not even if the worst r "" comes. " T .Little Jennie, turned as she heard her mother sigh, and quickly ran to call the ' maid. , , "What - fades away; Before her stretches the of life, "ith all the peril and toilpath and strife, And the dangers of every day. "a aS tlny' frm STOwn strong, the tendrr heart grown cold the race for pleasure that ends in pain,. ine eager struggle Ttwixt loss and gain, Aoe maddening quest for gold. a she sobs a prayer, 0 God. that Thou .jottldst keep him ever as pure as nor!". tij-era- ie azes w!th misty eyes, 5ther v Thou Babe of Bethbhem! to Thee we bring Our gl d hosannas on this Christmas morn. Reioice, O earth, lend thou a list' ning ear, 1 he song from sea to sea, "Lo, Christ the Lord ' K1 One of them sees aC - A T' . A wealth of love this babe brought to the world, He came a heing most divine! and the Nation. , babe was born; 'twas sinalel by the star; The sleeping world knew not a prince had come The Prince of Peace, whose advent meaneth war. A 41 RESTORATION. the State Fit) LI DAY NUMBER , Very Pretty ........... Restoration Poetrj: j6 TimeUtah Holiday Elitorial: o O, Bethlehem, thou fair and favored one, Close nestling 'neath Judra's towering hill. How quaint, how picturesque thy storied scenes Because of thte my heart with rapture thrills. tr Pioneer Stake InMemoriatn bearer to belter the II SALT LAKE CITY UTAH. JANUARY, i ($07. JCQNTEHTS, . the Women of Utah should ' 