' J. I M WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. ..Sister Sina Chipman of the Stake Board. ... :,. I'M - : "Tests upon us, we ;.. . if Let us do our pari ana ue.rdiuvwi-vv:-callinover our our not innuence must chilose v; this a year, of imwas very pleased ldren. Let us make Sister Laura Cutler ,'. to meet: her old associates and fellow provement to all. God while attends "Great Zion Singing: workers, found that Relief Society work President Rebecca sings." Prayer by is the same everywhere. Her Stake (GraConference adjourned for Standring. nite) had taken up the lives of our Presi- three months. . interest ancL dents and found it sreated-aEmma Featherstone, brought a good attendance to their meeSecretary. ting. Was thankful that Sister Standring Sister Kempe has been actively engaged in Reand give lief Society work since she came to Zion and for was able to attend the meetings -- She counsel to the sisters. r..v-t- . many years a subscriber for for Relief Ward Society acted as President of our Conference adjourned until 2 o'clock. ONEIDA STHKE. several years and was an active teacher till the 1006. time of her leaving for a visit in November Conference reassembled 2 o'clock; .Pre conference of the The Although her fuceral and burial took place at. the After memorial services were sident Standring presiding. Mesa where she died, Oneida Stake Relief Society convened iu held' for her in the St Johns Stake Academy on opening exercises President Standring exthe First Wrard meeting' house, Preston, the first Sunday in February 1907 when the Stake pressed her joy and satisfaction at seeing President Louisa B. Benson presiding. Presidency, the Bishop, and many of her old such a good attendance this afternoon; Counselor Solomon H. Hale, Patriarch friends and neighbors bore testimony to her sterlof line in the were the sisters thought S- R. Parkinson and four members of the ing qualities. Her integrity to the truth, her loyalof in the remarks to the Referred payher strict their the to honesty priesthood, duty. ty stake board present. ment of her tithes and offerings, her unbounded President Chipman in the forenoon. Singing, "Praise to the man," etc. liaspitality. benevolence and loving neighborly their Six of wards the were reported by ualities were all dwelt upon, showing be) ond a Singing, by S, R. Parkinson. Prayer 3 oubt what the if be gospel will do for a person they respective presidents. "Let the lower lights burning" Misswalk with let me "Savior live up to its requirements. Also at the first meetThee.ll Song; es Weaver and Benson, ing of the St. Johns Relief Society held after her Sister Fitten. Pres. Julia S. Roper, of Preston first sudden death (which was caused from pneumonia mothdesired the A. Evans President J. after a illness) her sisters bore testimony ward, spoke of the good being derived of the minds to ers the our boys work of in faithful impress upon to her many years Society. from "Mother's Work' also on 'Grati-- ' Felt that one of their strong props had gone, and' their duty and watch them and guard tude." she would be sadly missed. It was resolved that them against all sorts of evil doings and we send a'sketch of ter life to the Exponent and Secretary Phoebe A. McNeil read a influences. that resolutions of respect and condolence be sert on "Mother's Influence in the President James H. Clarke thought that paper to her family and placed upon our records. With Home." dear Sister Kempe we feel that all is well. A of late a spirit of irreverence was growing Solo, "Know this, that every soul is glorious resurrection awaits her, and may God up among our young people, close to the free" Mary E. McNeil. comfort her family is our prayer. line of infidelity, not all at once but graduPrest. Esther Rogers, of Preston fisrt .Sarah R. Berry, President. who of born are who Boys ally. parents Ida II. Udall, Secretary pro tern. on the blessed privilege of have received the holy priesthood cannot ward, spoke them, gaining be saved through the faithfulness of their bearing children, rearing of also their unity in R. confidence, etc., parents. Urged mothers to look after the S. work. Our children are no boys and the girls. Dora Geddes gave a lecture on "Cha-ity- ,, You than desire others. save better to R. S. REPORTS. ' yourselves and your children. There are Counselor Sol. H. Hale addressed the scoffers among us as there was in the days ALPINE STARE. of the Savior. Keep the boys under good conference, touching briefly the subjects of R. S. work, noble callThe quarterly Conference of the Alpine influences; send them to good Church of organization Stake was held at Lehi, January 25th, schools if you can. If mother comes up ing of mother, and patience; advised wives to prudently encourage their husto pay a little tithing and brings the chil 1907, President Rebecca Standring presidbands to do good. ing. Notwithstanding the stormy weather dren and allows them to pay a little it will Singing, "Guide us, O thou great Jehothere was a very good attendance of of- encourage them that they will honor the vah." Benediction by BishopJBodily, of ficers and members. . - v principle of tithing. Fairview. After the usual exercises President Gardner. (of Lehi) felt to Bishop Afternoon Session. Singing. Prayer the Relief Society. These are Standring welcomed the- sisters, and wished all a happy and prosperous "New the select, they understand their business by Bishop Benson, of Whitney. Singing. Pres. Julia Jenson, of Preston second Year,'' Felt to thank the officers for their and are working at it. It requires stamina of mothdiligence during the past year. There to keep up to our duties. We are visiting ward, spoke on the importance have been many sick and you have atr the homes of the people. Let us live our erhood, also mother's influence and power of prayer. tended them; also much has been done in religion, we cannot live without it. Solo, "I know that my Redeemer liv- - " building Tabernacle and Meeting Houses. Bishop Lewis (of Lehi) said a few words President BathshebaW. Smith had recom- of commendation for the labors of the eth" Florence B. Jonasson. Pres. Sarah J. Fjelsted,' of Preston mended that every sister contribute one sisters. dollar for the erection of the "Woman's Sister Emily C. Bullock, one of the. .fourth ward, spoke on diminishing our Stake Board, made a few remarks on the troubles by doing good to Others, and ad. . Building." Six of the wards were reported by the importance of the Relief Society work. vised all to be cheerful and contented, Linda N . Benson gave ,a lecture on different presidents showing unity and Desired to do her duty.and magnify her Prayer, progression; the poor are looked after calling acceptable to the Lord. Duet Eva Johnson and Eleanor is for means to relieve them and there Counselor Annie C. Hindley felt the Thomas. the people donate liberally. speaking and the singing had all been Counselor Jos. S, Geddes spoke on rrDuett: Sisters Whitman and Clark. propriate. We have all the influences we Latter-da- y Saint women, Zion PresidentJ5tephenL. Chipman: "There can combat. Our children are not perfect Faith of lly is no need to worry abaut the Relief because they are born of good aswell as pirit--ually, parents. and regretted the growing evil of Society, it is all right," and made other We are blest and strengthened by being excellent remarks upon sacred subjects. here today., Desired to carry a profanity. ingood Recitation by Ellen Henderson. "Trials are necessary for our advance- fluence wherever she might go. Pres. L. B. Benson spoke of sacrament meetings and slack attendance at same, ' etc. ; advised all to grasp every oppor-tunity for learning; urged the sisters to care for the sick and need'. Conference adjourned aftef singing Lake City, Uta h. 67, 6 9, 71 M a i n St., hy ye mountains VVE ARE IN OUR- - NEW STORE, We aim to give you Bishop Mecham, of Riverdale. ' y. Phebe A. McNeil, Secretary. II O - TQV ' ViO . Linda M. Benson, Rec. Sec, ; he vtSalJe4- ' o.Jre?jde iii'.the; Concho JVard, where lie'ftved up to the time of his death, some mother of six years agoii Sister Keme,was the her. They are daughters, five of whom survive Amelia Mrs.' ': Mrs. Hannah Greer of Holbrook. : Coleman Trest of Y L. M. I A, of St. Johns Stake; Mrs Olena Lewis and Amanda Hastings of Mesa, Johns. Arizona, and Miss Leila Kern pe of St. faenficself and devoted most a Sister Kempe was Her daughters were early taught and" ing mother.4 nnf'iTilv. in litprarv oursuitS but in all kinds of work, and they are today successful teachers, seamstresses and homebuilders. - - ...... . -- "-- 1.-- 1-r g. . VxAtty - . , . i n . T. semi-annu- al -- - two-wee- ks con-gratul- . ate -- . . . , -s- leading-educationa- " , R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. : . '0 Salt anicage. highT-Benedicti- "-- . on 