'ir'-r'P,,''- t 58. of the community, and there are five they are learned they are not required -of us again. vdTZi.;-How exquisitely has God made physical man. So sensitive, so delicately nerved that his ilesh fairly quivers with sensitiveness, feeling the pressure of the evening breeze, the touch of a friend, the prick of the thorn; susceptible almost to the unseen, is this physical man; and yet is he thrown in the midst of the most cruel en vironments. In every hour of his life he is threatened by foes from: without This ... map within andfo es from so delicate,- - so "sensitive, so exquisitely made and vibrant with life and feelWas it not intended that he suffer? ing! Pain is nature's danger signaL We learn by what we suffer, and when once the child burns its little hand, it has learned a law, and i does not need to be taught . The bereaved husband grandchildren. comforted by the assurand children-arance the Gospel "gives, that, she has earned a celestial reward. .. . e .' Poem by Sister Bertha Anderson Klein-maLovingly inscribed to the memory of her dear friend, Catherine Perkes n. Mc-Callist- , : again. . .- THE FIELDS SUULIME. "God's acre3M Avbat treasures are borne your gates From' the arras reaching out to restrain; into, your gloom fall daily like rain; 'From the tears that What in ystery hangs over your harvest to be, Yet how faint is the veil to the eyes that will see. ,Vhat promise and longings are melted to mist . ed. ? '. "' - Sister Catherine Perkes McAllister was born in Liverpool, England, February i6'j 1846. Came to Utah in 1861 with her parents and family. Joined the Tabernacle choir in that year and continued a member of that organization, and of the Old Folks' i choir until h er death. the wife of Elder Duncan M. McAllister in i866. Was the mother of seven children," twoof whom died in infancy, the others are living, respected members B thro1 What rivers course silently Compared with the physical man, the spiritual man is. still more refined and delicate, so responsive, so sympathetic is that part of man that a. ohord of music may cause the heart to well with emotion; the smile of a friend may fill the soul with delight, and even unseen, influences aje palpable to the soul, so exquisite is its nature. Yet God has sent that soul into this world of woe, surrounded by a harsh environment of evil and sin, encountered in all their fury. And these dark powers are permitted to make attack upon . the soul. And why? That we may gain experience and prove true to the best that is in us. And here upon the battle ground of mortality, that we might win glory, honor, and eternal life. That is why we are here; that is the philosophy of life, as I am led to believe. We should assemble around the grave and around the remains of one whose life, is closed, with these thoughts in our minds. Here is a life that ends in a superb victory; a woman who has been true to every trust imposed upon her, true to her own divine nature and origin a mother successful, a wife-adorAnd as such we stand around her, as in the presence of the holiest and the purest. May God preserve her memory green to all of us, and may his sustaining influence be with those whom she leaves behind,- though it be but for a short time, as has been said, when they shall be reunited not as angels, but as mother?as wife, as friend. These ties of the family are eternal; and they shall be renewed in as soon as thatiiiolyrelationship,-jus- tthose whom she leaves behind follow in her path. And may God preserve them that they may be true and faithful that this reuniting may be a holy one, a happy one. May peace be upon the congregation, and all who bear this sorrow. May they be given strength to endure.and hope and light to peer through the darkness, is our sunenng my, prayer through Christ ' " Amen. r : . -- er; me 'At your portals all shrouded and stern, When the hearts that are silent pasa into their rest. And the hearts that are aching return, Vet pure and elTulgent all day slanting down, Is the light on the graves that consumes all your frown. ; Blest fields with your seed undisturbed thro' the , years, While the storms of men's strife thunder near, Where the voices ot loved ones creep back to en- treat, And answer our longing "Not here-Where over the echo of dust upon dust, Their anthem soars peacefully upward" Trust, " Fair mounds closing over the best of our hopes, Your mystery can sound no despair, In the brave souls ensheathsd in the armor of faith, Who smile thro' their tears gazing there; For the firm hand that chastens is mighty to . heal And his touch is all love to the hands, that will fed-God- 's favored are they who have treasures in bloom Mid the hush of "His acre3M above, For heaven were lonely that promised no joy Of reunion with those we have loved, And deepest to wound but the strongest to save Are the memories that cling to a precious one's grave! ADDRESS. BY SISTER MARY BAXTER. years' ago, let us ask the question how much, has been accomplished by the ladies of these associations in these decades of time? Who can..,tell? Echo answers;-vh'6- T WJiat mind can comprehend, what tongue can" teirof the heights and"deptljs" of the labors of love and the tion of these sisters of chanty, ministering angels of mercy, responding to every call, , 1 self-abne- ga in every nour, iu evciy scu.:uu,uuniiurun the sick, smoothing the pillows of the dying and gently closing their eyes in and gentle death, andwith loving hearts ' hands preparing ih em for their last resting places weeping with those who weep,, drying the mourner's tears. ..Many of my sisters before me today have earned the done, good and righteous plaudit,-"wel- l faithful" handmaid, "inasmuch as ye have done it unto these, you have done it unto me." Sisters, you are not forgotten the angels are silent notes taking, your names are recorded in the archives of heaven. There are watchful eyes around us, That sin tuber hot nor sleep, Who are never moved by envy. They a faithful record keep. Sixty-fiv- e years have passed the fu- ture is before us. . Let us renew our diligence, seek out the poor and the needy, comfort the downcast, and raise the fallen; pass not by on the other side. "We ge our ways in earth alone, We hold oursalves too far from all ourkind, Too often we are deaf to sigh and moan. Too often to the weak and helpless blind, Too often where distress and- - want abide, We turn and pass upon the other side." Above all, my sisters, let us have charity. "Charity suffereth long and is kind, thinks no evil, rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth." My sisters, there are volumes in these few words, and in the practice of these virtues lies the key to your success as officers and as members of the Relief Society. Without this gift we are void, our professions are hollow, we are as the sounding brass and the tinkling cymbal. Charity is the love of God. the magnetic influence of the Holy Spirit that, surpasseth all understanding; it is the voice of the" Good Shepherd the sheep hear that voice and love to follow it, even unto death, if necessary- -- They rule the most who rule by love. Beloved brethren, sisters and friends Sisters, do we realize the great and noI take pleasure in- assembling with you ble calling unto which we are called; do annivertoday to celebrate the sixty-fift- h we understand the honor and privileges of the Relief sary Society organization that are bestowed upon us through the by our beloved and martyred prophet, Holy Spirit and everlasting priesthood of Joseph Smith, inspired by divine direcGod, called with a holy calling to be tion; and now at the present time there the daughters and handmaids to labor in are more than six hundred organizations, the vineyard of our0 Father, even the and wherever there is a mission estabErprrml CcA Tn ffrl fhf hnnfrrv. to is also a Relief Society orlished, there clothe the naked, to be eyes to the blind, ganized. , to the aged .and innrm, 10 and Dear sisters, in looking back over the washstrength and anoint in fait h believing in the of time'we pages perceive that almost all promises of the Lord, living near untc of those, who were present on that mem- - Him at all times, that we may have the j orable event in Nauvooin i842,and many .influence of His1 Spirit to guide us in: all otners who have taken part in the organ- - our actions. ization since that time, have DaH be I know this day that we are thankful hind the vail. It becomes us, dear sisor the Gospel revealed through our beters, to pay a passing tribute to their loved prophet, Joseph. We. are thankful memories- - they rest from their labor and that we have been called to help to bring their reward are they only to pass the redemption of the world, before us to the spirit land "Peace and also the gone redemption of the :dead, totheirashes. " to" God in the highest be given. Glory And again turning our thoughts backAmen. ward to the first "organization, sixty-fiv- e Relief Society, Goshen, Utah. .'' will-follo- w; . N 