y. v- MOTHER' "4 v HEAVER WQRK. STAKE. anots ' . . ..-.- Industry. (a) For children to realize that home-ithey must-b- e the dearest place taught to make it so by. their own in(W Teach them to take pride in, dustry. their surroundings and in the way they care for them, (by precept or example). (c) Let them share responsibilityT (why?). (d) Teach them the value of time in all "their undertakings.- (e) Value of method. ID Their work should be arranged so they will have time for study and recreat(g) Encourage mention, (by whom?), al development, (how?), (h) Aid them (i) As the in harmless pastimes, (how?), sapling is bent so it will grow, so the industrious boy makes a good husband and the industrious girl a thrifty wife, (give (j) A mother's duty is not example), wholly fulfilled in working for her children, but in teaching them to work for themselves, (why not?), (k) Fit your children for the work they must do in la Lesson I. -- ' K,cs lS:36. Ex. 174, p: Lesson J V- - Proner !Inm Toi -- The loybof the beautiful is a handmaid ui u nidation. v thtnl-Atas a u:e man i'or is he." (Prov. 237). MBe ye perfect, even as Father in heaven is perfect." (Matt.your II Sam. 5:48; s on-earth- beneydal effects in the home. ; JGen. 17:20; , , kr k 2:pi)- ' - ; ... An aspiration to excel in is good or praiseworthy . comfortable when conditions were other wise, Why?), (b) The spiritual and moral atmosphere is kept r. patience is one of the chief virtues. Kei. Luke 21: 19. - (a) Give the best method of teaching- - it to children. (b) Can parents without teach patience effectively?, (c) Give the value of patience and perseverance in the home. (d) How do they assist parents in managing wayward children? (e) Show, how,, children trained in perseverance and application go far ahead of those not so trained, (f) Patience and perseverance the most valuable elements in foundation of character. (Explain how), (g) To what extent do they overcome the opposition and difficulties of life? (h) Name some of the powers acquired, and blessings obtained, by repeated effort. Matt. self-contr- every thing should be instilled and encouraged and developed in our children. (Why? Articles of Faith 5h u) I he love of order and clean liness should be so highly developed that 24: 13; every member of the family would be un that - 1 Cor. ol 15-5- 8. Milford R. S. Lesson VII. Social Purity. "To be socially pure, one must store pure and healthy and invigorating, (Why?), (d) Willing cheerful the mind with pure, ennobling thoughts-obedience to wise, just impartial home "Blessed are the pure in heart for they rules and regulations, (e) Polite courteous shall see God." Matt, 5: 8. (a) Avoid consideration for eaclv other and their slander, vulgar language and impoliteterlife. (1) Teach them that while they rights. (Show how it refines and ennobles), ness, (b) Overcome selfish tendencies. are assisting (f) A deep love for honesty, purity, truth, (c) Cultivate truthfulness you, they are preparing integrity and themselves for similar positions of responskind of charjustice and mercy. (What goodness, pure thoughts. Eph. 5: 3, 4. (m) To train our children to acter does it develop?), (g) UnquestionKind and words ibility, (d) gentle actions, (e) work for others will foster in them a ed loyalty ,to God, country and home.. The foundation should be laid at home. spirit of love and unselfishness particularl(What are its fruits?), (h) An affection- Ref. Young loman'ls Journal Vol. VI, y for those dependent on us true love is ate reverence for the aged; and sacred page 512. Be first in the field. places and things. (How does it effect the (n) Evil effects of idlenLesson VIII. Harmful Effects of Evil ess, (o) Bad habits formed in the idle public?). . moments, Speaking. Beaver West Ward R. S. (p) Degenerating acquaint ances made, (q) "Nay, speak no ill, a kindly word Vulgar tastes cultivated? Can never leave a sting behind." Tor idle hands some mischief still will V. Lesson Fatherother V "In this day of advanced thought, each person ever rind to do.-Rights in the Home. seems to be the judge of bis assoto Father's (a) privilege provide a home ciates, passing opinion blindly ind thoughtlessly Lesson II. Hospitality. . and preside oyer it. (b) To the love and upon their actions, little knowing sometimes what result will be never pausing to consider that (a) True spirit of of the mother, the hospitality.- (b) From respect and these hasty, imperfect judgments so universally asocial standpoint, (c) From a religious (c) To the love and obedience of the chil- and forcibly expressed, jnay possibly mar a life, standpoint.. (Titus i:8). (d) True hospit- dren. Why? (d) To counsel and instruct or place a dark blot on an otherwise unsullied name. ality does not look for a return. (e) To and direct the household; (e) The mothwhom should be extended our (a) Of the many beautiful, precepts hospitality? er's right to preside over the home in the (0 Social indebtedness, absence of the father. Why? (f) En- taught by Jesus none is more important indebtedness. (Rom. 12:13; titled to the support, to the confidence, to or less regarded than "Judge not, that ye 4:9). in) Better err on the wrong side than the Jove and courtesies of the father. be not iudged." (Matt. 7: 1.) (b) "A to turn is she? (g) To the affection, obediaway hungry, a fellow creature. good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit." Why Web. 13:2). Matt.v'-iS.- ) (c) How does" evil speak- -' (i) Why should we enence and help of the children- - (h) Chilcourage, our children to be dren have a right to be well born. What ing influence children? (d) How does it hospitable? (J) Reward ofhospitality. (Matt. 25: is well born? (i) To be cared for tenderly harm the speaker? (Psalm 34: ?3;T Peter (j) To a 3: 10, 11.) (e) Explain how it may mar and intelligently in infancy, Beaver East Ward R. S. cleanly, comfortable, peaceful home, (k) the life or place a dark blot on Ihe char- To spiritual, moral and physical training. acter of the one spoken of. (f) What inLesson III. Influence of Prayer in the (1) To the best educational opportunities fluence has it on the public? (James 3: 5, Home. that the parents are able to give, (m) 6, 8; Prov. 25; 23; 26: 18, 20.) "Prayer is the key with which the door To be disciplined, by precept and exa fault to see "If you're, ot each Be not the first to make it known." day should be opened and closed." ample, in honesty, purity, truthfulness, ' .kind' perseverance, secures economy, divine for not? aid industry, (g) Why in parents their home To (n) and depatience, Minersville R. S. gentleness, ness, (b) management,i velops m th a U-- , a affec and t auu be treated kindly, courteously "waiia ui ujc pai cms ;.im; : vQiiaren a trnef Lesson IX, Cheerfulness. nA sw mA tionately by their father and mother, p) auu ill vjruu. o uuuuciiuc u 'Tis cheerfulness that power and lights the world's dark promises, that bring peace and To sympathy, compassion, and forgivesin and transgrescontentment in.the home, ways, (c) Prayer ness when overtaken in And drives away the shadows, with its rays." K5S, courage and strength to perform sion, (p) To be reproved, corrected and (a) Name some of the potent influences be encouraged, trust lawfully the duties of life, (d) It is by controlled, (q) To Lriveine&ooci for good of cheerfulness, that are conL3Kf Ahat we express gratitude toGod ed and madeselt-relian- t. n results that follow granting children's stantly made upon us, as we pass through and supplicate from a effects where their the daily school of life, (b) Is it the duty f mercies. (e) The prayer c i rights and the evil " of parents to cultivate and develop in disregarded).been have can and turn rights w0?m wayParents.has themselves and their children a cheerful, dra Children from ih rmr of tViPi'r Patience and Persever- - sunshiny disposition? Why? (c) Can VI., of Lesson Mosiah 27:14). Mormon, u'?k (0 parents give their children a better heritfKnf nrMertQ ance t' ri"ayer is n age than thte faculty to appreciate blessand lves strength to resist evil 4Our greatest glory is not in .never fallinfln. ings, and see the bright side of lifeJ (Prov. fences (Book of Mormon, Alma 36). ing, but in rising every time we fall.". (d) Tell why the true "Latter-da- y 17:22.) , once is task a begun If omim unlocked, the heavens Saints' hearts will be so full of hope VT?. VPr .t Never leave it till its done. vvc an nave tne same Key GnH :"i and faith and trust in God that there will I can, and then stick to it, J Say e r 01 persons--ininA ft, f r greaibe ho room for sadness and groom or de-- s TThat's" tne"only way to do itr (e) How inspondency. (Prov. 15 : 13, I5-- ) is no 'poor, has patience who "He Give ,of inshn,er hmility and faith, (h)... does sunshine in the heart melt away the deed." " - g, . " Chil-dferfs- " . self-constitut- - ed co-operati- on -- , (g)'-Christi- an , V-46- ). the,-firs- a'er It . . " con-Stl0- - " UJ- - - --- -. ct-lu- -,- . t ' -- . 