5..,. WOMAN'S ' IWMin.thehamhof .t-- TV 1 the Womn of Utah should le a Power li beller the Home, ; CONTENTS. SHORT-TAL- K to the Nurses Graduating Class . ; ; Margaret C; Roberts Relief Society Reports: Nebo Stake............ Liberty Stake.. Short Talk BY DR. MARGARET 2 3 Granite Stake...... Alpine Stake.................... Mother's Work: Beaver Stake 3 8 In Memonarn Orbituary Editorial: The New Volume XXXVI 3 7 6 4 Biithday of Brigham Young.... Reception Tendered ......... Editorial .Notes 4 5 5 The First Relief Society 31iza R. Snow Ruth May Fox Anonyraus Poetry: A June Rose.. The. Rainbow "TO THE NURSES" GRADUATING CLASS. l'AGE 7 1 3 A JUNE ROSE. TOMS1ER MARIA WILCOX, ON HER EIGHTIETH BIRTHDAY. . C. ROBERTS. I President Balhshcba W. Smith and Board, Supt. EmPey and Graduating' Nurses:I am happy this day to 'congratulate you upon your success in the course of stud you have so faithfully followed, and and the excellent examination you have passed- - You have now earned the certificate of graduation given by the General Board of the Relief Society of the Church and authorized to practice under the auspices of this society in the profession of .nursing. Of the nobility, importance and res-pohsibility of this profession, I have often spoken in our class exercises, and there would seem to be small need of refering to these matters again. Yet experience in teaching and your own recollection warrant me in saying that frequent repe: tition is essential in order to impress the mind with things that are to be rememA long, long time ago. bered. "Attention," it is said, "is the In the glad month of June The month of roses, mother of memory;" if that be granted, I: Tilting the bough which its beauty discloses. want to add, that the child memory has Fast holding th rose where the sunbeam reneed often to be jogged by repetition in poses, order to retain that which the mother A shy little bud burst forth into bloom. has committed to it. It "goes without . Oh, it was such a joy saying that the profession of nursing To the roses full grown, stands out at once among the most necesIn patience beholding The heart of the bud so lovely unffilding, sary and honorable of callings. This is Their own failing freshness so grandly uphold-- ' eyerywhere acknowledged. But it seems ing, Saints it to me that with the Latter-da- y To watch the results of the seed they had sown. ought to be regarded as more emphatically true than with others, and especially With modesty blushing, so in the case of Relief Society nurses, Our rose graced the tree, So daintily, stattly; because, in their labor there is to be a dash of the religious element that does Wooing the birds and the zephyrs innately; ones of older favor the greatly, Enjoving not attach to such services in other com the future should Nodding and wond' munities and with ordinary nurses. be. "I was sick and ye visited me," is The dew's on the roses, classed by the Master as among those They are drooping in tears; charity deeds that shall be remembered Soft voices are calling, in the day of judgment of m?n such as The petals are fallingfalling, fast falling On their mother's calm breast ljer senses en"I was an hungered and ye gave me meat ; thralling, thirsty and ye gave me drink; a stranger But she gathers them close and smiles at their nd ye took me in; naked and ye clothed fears. ' n. me; in prison ahdye came untoB me. To a rose fully blown. .' And it is predictedin that scripture that We do honor today, say, "Lord, when the. righteous-sha- ll Of exquisite neatness, when saw we thee a stranger, or naked, Rounded and full a corolla of sweetness: ..Old rose we will call it, for sake of completeor in prison or sick and came unto thee,' ' . ness; the Lord shall answer, "In as much as A life of drives old age away. ye have doneit unto the least of these The twilight is passing, my brethren, ye have done it unto me." Der friends gone before was in this spirit, I am sure, that it It Are calling, soft calling; 1 was intended originally, and is now inThe petals are falling, falling, fast falling; tended that Relief Society nurses should But the way is not long, nor dark, nOr appal V ..: h perform their work. Li ing, . of There roses bloom ver, ta wither.najnore - In consequence having received your ' Ruth M ay Fox. instruction at a mere nominal .tuition you have entered into a signed contract to do a certain amount of charity work ; The Norwegian women have petitioned which is definitely stated. connected circumstances all the But Parliament for the full ballot. The petiaction refers to "the men of Finland, who with the arrangements by which you showed magnanimity and understanding quire your profession, the organization M modern demands" in enfranchising their under which it has beenpossible for you free service women, and urged the Parliament of to receive it. the practically of tfcose who have instructed you, and Norway to take like action. , -- ring-wh- at . . . . 1 . " - well-doin- ' , g - , 1- : thelalearid UKNaUon. ' SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, JUNE, 1907. Vol. 36 ' v,,.;,.S((iv'v"'.','V''; ... . ... - No, 1 "those who willdirec your services, aF require that on your part you carry that same spirit of free "service into your charity work. Freely you have received, now as freely and unselfishly give such service as your contract calls for. If your work is characterized by the spirit which prompted the inauguration of this move-men- t, it willbe possible for you to participate in that welcome, "Come ye blessed of my father for' . . "I was sick -and ye visited me, in as much as--1 ye did it unto the least of these, my brethren, ye did it unto me." I would like to sound-- a note of warning against professional-pridthat might .possibly stand in the way of the efneien--c- y and. acceptability of your services. Very naturally a finished workman feels the necessity of his tools, j and a nurse's senses the need of the furniture and appliances necessary to provide;for the comfort of her patient; but it will often happen that those things so necessary can not be supplied. What shall be done under these circumstances? Shall the nurse complain, be irritable, emphasize the misfortunes of the poor, increase their embarrassment? No, she Will do none of these things if she follows the instructions that have been imparted. The very absence of thejisual appliances and conveniences afford the nurse the opportunity to exercise her patience, her ingenuity in improvising means out of such materials and conditions as are at hand, meanwhile retaining that cheerfulness so essential in her work, and demonstrating that skill that comes from the intelligent application of instruction that has been received. But while urging upon you to follow this course, still. I must say once more, and for the last time to a class that you keep in mind always the dignity of your profession and neyer cheapen it or yourselves. A wrong view is sometimes entertained in regard to the services of nurses, especially Relief Society nurses. Some are urging that they. not only attend up-- - .- - . e well-instruct- ed . -- . - on the ; sick, but also., do the. genjral housework as well. I wish to say that 1 notion goes beyond what has been contemplated in the Relief Society nurse, 1 movement. I would not like to be too technical in relation to just what the services of the nurse should be in the household, and have no objection to our nurses relieving, whatever situation may- confront them. No general rule can be suggested. Each nurse must j udge for h erself what. ..' she can and ought to do in each particular case- - But I must say that the course of study given these' classes has not been a course in general housekeeping, scrub bing and cleaning, .but we have tried to impress the nurses with the idea that their duty is to give every attention to the sick ones that is required to add to their - comfort and bring them back to health, or if this can not be then.the utmost relief of suffering untiU. death . - : .: 