. ... . v- - . ' tXPONEM The Ballot in. tliehinchofthe Vol. 36 Women SALT LAKE CITY UTAH; OCTOBER; 1907. CONTENTS. rAGE ."'Susie M. Morgan Interesting Letter Relief Society Lecture to Mothers...... ...V. ,,..Mary Berlin Johnson .Relief Society Reports: Box Elder Stake ... 25 25 "27 Teton Stake. 1.... .......... J................... ...... Uintah Stake..., 29 Bannock State.... Alpine Stake 30 30 Tribute ..........w......!.........,..:;....,.... An Artistic Booklet..... E'Htorial: October General 'Conference.... General Relief Societv Conference...... Relief Society Work Abroad History of the U. W. Presscliib 29 A i 31 28 2S 28 29 Ljdia D. Alder 31 ...Selec.ed Poetry: Things to Forget A Dream of Burhd Things. William B Chi holm 27 When YouComeHome.Xlarence Urmy 27 25 THINGS TO FORGET. If you see a tall fellow ahead of a crowd, leader of men marching fearless and proud, And u kn w of a tale whose race telling a oud WVuld cause his pr.ud head to in anguish be A - b'w ed... Ii's a pretty good plan to forget it. If you know of a skeleton idden awav guarded, and kept from the day. In the dark, and whose fchoin, whose tudden In a closet, an-- l disolav." Would grief and sorrow and itfclong cau-e- -- raav, d;s- - It's a pietty good plan to forget it. If you of a thing that will darken the joy or a b.n the least way anmy fellow, or cause any g adnessto Iqv, It's a pretty good plan to lorgct it. kno-- v Of a man or a woman a girl That w 11 wipe out a smile r A Selected. INTERESTING LETTER. Hazeldene Farm, Amalinda, near East London, Cape Colony, "September 8th, 1907. To Mrs Bathsheba Smith. Dear Sister in the Lord: A letter from this place may be a surprise to you, but I pray that you will re ceive it kindly. , . long to see you, and as that privilege . is denied, the next-besthing to a face to face interview is a talk on paper. I am a ''Latter-daSaint," was baptized on April 3rd of this year and L cannot express my great joy and peace in our glorious grand gospel, although I have been a Christian all my life, nver before have I been so happy and satisfied. I have always worked for all that is good and ennobling and uplifting, tried to be like Jesus, our dear elder Brother arid Savior. I am eldest living of mother's family of twelve." T wasborn on 9th" January 1869 in Salt Lake City, came to C. C. when a I t y of Viah tUuld le aPotcerto letter lite Home, the Mate and the Nation year old with my parent?, who were Mor- mons. Away from the Church has been of harm to this family. We have not had the blessings and privileges of our mother's religion. My brother of 23 was baptized with me and I think others will be in time. I have, only one child, a boy of io. He was baptized and I hope to bring him Saint. up a true and faithful Latter-daI am intensely interested in all accounts of our Church meetings, conferences, etc. and read, with joy every item I can find in Deseret News. A few copies of Woman's Exhonent have come to me from time to time. I am always interested in the Relief Society reports and especially in your words. I was so glcd to see your picture in May number and I feel to want to send you my heartfelt wishes and I am at last obeying the promptings of my heart. I would love to meet a woman who had known our beloved Prophet Joseph. I hope you will send me a few lines of your testimony as to His divine mission from one who has known him will be valued hy me. The elders, who have labored in this city have been so true and earnest and I count it a bles sing to have met such pure, gooa, young men. We missed Elder Cannon, he is indeed a sweet Christian, softw respond to the niessiee. We. number only six 1 in E. L. long to: be ,in Utah where I could enjoy the services and engage in work of all kinds and 'see. the lovely temple.. In becoming a "Mjrmon". I know I. shall have some thing to bear. I already feel a coolness of some frit nds toward me and my sensitive nature shrinks from being hurt and pained, but the Father will make me brave todefend our faith that is so misunderstood. My mother and I long to go to Utah and it is our daily. hope and: y 1 may be opened f r us to go. My dear good father die eight years ago, had he liv d, he had resohed to take us all back to Utah. Oh, how we miss him, and mother has never been the same since that terrible griefs" Letters I from our sisters in Utah do cheer us. and your age know you are a busy woman a few for and as well r but L hope pray I words from, you as soon" as you can. shall esteern it a favor. Hoping this finds you in good health. Mother joins me in love. Think of me as your sister in the Susie M. Morgan. Gospel. prayer that the-wa- y 1 Mrs. Bathsheba Smith. Many a happy year be thine If o'W Father will! He has traced the fair deien He wiil hintTIine hy line, Working patiently, until Thy completed life shall shine Glorious in the life divine. "Upward, still upward," thy pathway be Into the sunshine grand and free; Leaving the mists and clouds below. Gaining the pure and stainless snow Guide " Upward, stilt upward " Thy faithful s. de e clo alHis Pilgrims Always Leading thet on frcm height to height,Nearer ana nearer tne siarsoi wgat.Susie MIprgan., No. 4 YL S. LECTURE TO MOTHERS In the beginning of the world God placed man on earth to have dominion over all the earth. He also treavehimwoman, equally intelligent. It seems ordained that man should be at the head. He is physically stronger, and io the wife he is head, husband and protector on earth. As a father he stands at the head of the family. Close by him stands the wife, who is to be" a helpmeet, a comfort, and to be mother; for no greater mission can be given her than to be a mother. She is equally responsible for the proper government of the children: It is her right to walk shoulder to shoulder with her companion in seeking knowledge and . intelligence. Truly if the husband is a man. in every sense of the word, the wife can be a woman in every sense of the word also. President Joseph F. Smith says: A man that is a true Latter-daSaint will make a good husband; the same with the woman she will make a good wife." He has also said: "A man that will not live up to his duties in the priesthood need not demand obedience from his wife." It is hard for the mother when the father is indifferent to teach, guide and direct her children in the path she desires them to go. : The same, or perhaps more so, when the mother i indifferent. When there is division at the head of the fam ily, it will surely prove instability of character in the c' iidren. Children should be taught to respect the right which the parents have to control over them, and respect their parents' authority, bv asking permission to go, or to do anything in which they need counsel and, advice. Children who will do this are the ones who will, respect those in authority awav from home -- the school . teacher, the Primary and Sunday-schodifferin teacher, those authority in the of the wai( the bishns ent organizatic op and the authority of God. Everv member of the family should have their rights respected; even the not younge st member rshould-be-taue- ht to take brother's or sister's book. Brothers or sisters should not take, borrow or. make use of anything which belongs to : another brother or sister without their consent. For. doing such things in their ' absence or without consent will surely and anbring disappointment, gry words. When the rights of each one in the family are strictly regarded, the children canbe trusted everywhere they gOr and the principles of .honor and justice will be stamped upon their charac" - v t y ol . ill-feeli- ng -- ters." Ephesians6: 4: And ye fathers, pro-- ; voke not your children Jo wrath; but bring them up in, the nurture and admonition of the Lord." Oftimes parents offend their children" by a word or a phrase, saying, 'Oh, ou fool!" or "You. aiVt got :any sensel'' if thev did not do everything-exactl- y right. little their Children are sensitive,; and 