WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 6z the question why ffanil my heart 'f7iti? arid mvsoul answers: It. is God's will, even so. But oh, what a responsibility left to the inhabitants of Zion.fo comfort. to cheer, to counsel, to guide and direcf, to, seek after and watch over, to encourage well doingand protect from the" devouring wolves. TAnd let me ask Relief Society, to your dear sisters of-the -s- asimplify-the-wdrk-in-your-homest-that- c can lead the ideaf lile, close to he heart of nature. Giris should be instructed in housekeeping in every department of the home, also in the development of character and ability. Introduce practical illustrations; more "preparation should be made to qualify girls Tor wives and moth ers than to enable them to become school teacherand business women - c rf Phnorin and Lo v. 42:40. that ft is an nonor iu ue uuieiui ui meir ciotnes and to appreciate the care and love exercised that they might be well clothed and fed and provided with comfortable homes and education; that all honest work is honorable- - It is a false education which does not prepare us- to meet the rpnMiiivn:?J - DaiuejLiircrvjyiwujsHHueuuciites. Bv doing we learn to do. Never ridicul you may have time for this vast work ol commandment first Lecture 3God's an unfortunate person, such conduct does training the motherless ones and help to Gen. earth. the and replenish multiply not enhance our intelligence, or increase them to have faith in the Gospelin fact 28. 1: . our importance. All persons have defects have done by to do by them as How to oreDare for motherhood. The we are wise if. we pay heed to our own yours under like circumstances. to and let others alone. Last but not least, Many years ago I was raised up from, gospel as essential of spiritual developessential Wisdom in teaching our children, teach them to ment. The Word' were, the gates of death, my gratitua,it and The imitate not a fool, but a wise man. joy de-was very great that I was spared to to physical development. Lecture 8 Care of the sick. Doc. and love of a willing mother tq rear an my little ones, and I promised my Heavwork a wo Cov. sec. 42, v; enly Father that I would be a "counselor honorable .family the greatest and guide" to all the motherless within man can do. Lecture 9 Effects of alcohol and tomy reach. And sisters in your ministra- - Lecture 4 Building the home. bacco on muscle and brain.. tions do not overlook the big boyst their As in the beginning an intelligent CreCite examples that have come under hearts are tender, but they lock their sorhome be the to your own observation of those who have rows in their own breasts and would ator prepared the earth should we so of mankind, intelligently suffered and died from effects of this evil hardly think it womanly to pour out their founda-ion- s firm our homeswith habit. "Some business men will not emgrief in any ears. Draw them to you in prepare for comfort, convenience, economy ploy men or boys who use either liquor kindriessand sympathy, let them feel and or tobacco. State the reason why. For that they indeed have a motherly friend of time and strength, for healthcounfor peace and love. If a useful reference see Doc. and Cov. sec.89. in you. Encourage them in their pros- harmony, convenient for the Word of Wisdom. buildings perity, and where failures appear come try home, orchards, Note: This lecture should be given as to the rescue with all the faith you can stock, poultry, etc.; improved All flower and lawns gardens, impressive as possible, then the lecturer command, and wisdom will be given you gardens, add and to refinement tends that elevate should be sent as a missionary to the for every need. s Mutual should encouraged.cheer-fulnesbe home to the President George Q. Cannon once told Improvement Association and to cultivatbe of should disposition the Primary, said lecture to be delivered us that a faithful mother could say anyshould be home in The ed the family. to each of these Associations. thing to her boys (as well as girls) that would be for their well being, which I have the ideal spot to all concerned. Lecture 10 The Tragedy of Broken proven to be true. And are they not all Lecture 5 Government of the home. Family Ties contrasted with a happy, harour boys, and we do not want one to of parents in governing their monious, united and Loyal Family. The stray' or be lost. When the time comes childrenunity one parent should not interfere ' v Note: On the second Thursday in Defor them to take companions enquire if with the other, whether he or she is rethey are going to the Temple, if so, tell proving the child, unless cruel treatment cemberfora suitable program should be preChristmas and to celebrate Jospared them you have a suit they can use, and is exercised. Teach the child to be eph Smith's birthday. help them all you can. . But if there are by good by examples setting Isabella Robison, Pres. obstacles in the way, try and find out with and showing the results reasoning Marinda Bennett, Sec. what they are, and help to remove them of certain Never threaten things. doing if possible. Go to the Fountain, say here or intimidate children; show them gently are the clothing, oh, Father provide Thou and BIG HORN STAKE. kindly how to do things; do not call the lamb I pray Thee, and you will marchildren as such dunces names, vel at the results of your efforts and your your or little devils, rememblockheads, fools, i. Language in the Home. petitions. But the subject is too vast for ber of old are block." the 'chips He that hath a perverse tongue falleth this article and I can only hope that the Havethey in confidence children and your into mischief." Give meaning of 4,M6th- spirit of the mission will rest upon you as place them children responsibility er Tongue." The necessity of correct it does upon me; and is this work not in- thus treated will upon the confidence justify cluded in the mission of saviors upon language in the home." Impure language in is guiding, them. Government reposed Mount Zion? The Doctrin -- nd Covedispleasing unto the Lord. Read James force. not Do not scold by controlling nants tells us that it is a slothful servant as far as 3; Matt. 12: 36. control possible, by gentleness that waits to be called in all things, then and love. V II. Home. Influence. let us take up this mission in behalf of the dear - mothers" that have passed beAsthelwig is bent, so the tree is inLecture 6 Responsibility of parents. clined." What is our attitude as mothers hind the veil, as well as for their posterity of chiidren, Doc. and Cov. sec. to Blessing our children, as Primary, Sabbath that remain with us. sec. 29, v. 46, 47, 48; 6S: 20, 70; School and M. I. A. members. How may Sincerely your sister in the covenant of Faith, repentance and baptism. we create an influence at home typical of .peacevzi M. A. Winters. .Lecture 7 What to teach our children. heaven. Ref. Young Woman's Journal, Salt Lake City, D ec. 2 1,1 906. Cleanliness, industry, Doc. and Cov. August, 1005, Juvenile Instructor, October 42: 4, 42. Not to take the name c f God 1, 1904, October 15,1901, Nov. 1, 1901. In vain, Doc. and Cov. .63: To III. Mother's Duty to the Primary and MOTHER'SJKDRK. keep the Sabbath day holy, Doc. and -' Sabbath School. Cov. 59. To love and respect their parMILLARD STAKE. Have children ready on time. Encourents. To respect grown people and the their telling what the teachers tell Lecture 1 Marriage. rights of playmates. To be kind to all age them. Assist them in home preparation. Marriage ordained of . God, Doc. and dumb animals, and to reverence old age. Age of Ref. Juvenile Primary children. Cov. 49: To honor father and mother by leading Sacredness of the marInstructor.: January 15, 1906, Young riage covenant, Doc and Coy. 132; Key pure lives. To be obedient to all right- Woman's Journal, May, 1902. eous authority. That before they can to Theology, chap. 17. learn, to or control others they, JVf Loyalty. Lecture 2 The education required be- must 'first govern learn to obey. Teach th em to To those in authority over us. To our fore entering the married state. be patriotic, brave, gentle, true, modest; To our brethren and sisters, Boys contemplating marriage should not to listen to vulgar or profane al conyer XoourXreator. ri tizensr Ref earn th e. arts of and. m echan-.issation; not to beioud or hnictpmnc in. and July Improvement Era,1 Thejr4elligent farmer, themost in- - the streets or in public places; not to be-- ' January 1905. ; you-wou-ld -- 43-5- 3. . . . self-governi- ng 4 . ; j. ' 25-3- 1,. . . 60-6- 15-1- 4. 7.. . . co-work- ers. 1 Be-loy- m. , , 