4 iTKLLO S: were Elder Irrlc nf Snlt Lake Citv. Weber' Stake President Lewis W. Shurtliff, Patriarch David McKay, arid Bishop Robert W-lher- e r : RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS Mc-Quarr- ie. June 12th, 1907, presiding. UINTAH STAKE. . stake President Maria R. Hyrie ' : There were present, besides members Despite the stormy day,: the hall was Minutes of Relief Society Conference nearly filled with attentive listeners and. of the Stake Board, Counselor Ida Srr)ot held at Jensen, June 6, 1907. President an excellent spirit was manifest through- Dusenberry and Sister P. Y. Beatie of Sarah M. Coltoh presiding. Conference out the entire conference. The hall has the general Board, also Henry S. Woodpresents a rest- land of the Stake Presidency, and1 several been newly papered-anRisopened wun.ine uhum caciciscs ui . ful, neat and tasteful appearance that is Bishops of the Stake. . ing, prayer, roll call and reading of minutes. well in harmony with the hallowed influUnfortunately there was an almost conwalls. of rain, commencing tinual down-poOpening address by lister Sarah im- ence that abides within its reaPresident j aneT SrRichardsand"Coun-selo- r early in the morning,- and f or-thColton, she also reported the stake as so ah not was attendance large Emily M. Shurtliff each spoke words son there proving. Reports were given from all the desired. in good of encouragement and advice to. those as was wards except Mt. Dell, all are After the usual opening exercises, Prescondition. present, urging all to a faithful discharge ident Maria R. Hyde welcomed the brethSong from Glines Relief Society by of their duties. Miss Effie Johnson and company. Essay The reports showed the sochty in all ren and sisters,of expressing her regret at the weather which had from Mt. pell Relief Society written by the wards in good working order, though the condition attending, the con- -' Mrs- Mary J." Searle and "read by the but few have been successful in gathering prevented man, were Resecretary Mrs. Phebe A. Merkley. the young mothers into this grand organ- -' ference. Eight ofward organizations citation from Jensen Relief Society by ization. However their numbers are - in- represented out the twelve in the stake. ; President Hyde reported the general Miss Leah Timothy. creasing as evidenced by, their presence condition of the Society; said. that we are Bishop George Billings of Jensen spoke at the conference. problems that older stakes have of the organization of the Relief Society The brethren came freighted with bless- solving We are now" met and solved .years ago. and the work of the sisters, he felt to welings for the Relief Society workers; their in promoting the building of come all that had gathered together. counsels were wise and fatherly and their engaged we expect to have three ward granaries Mrs. Harriett Goodrich gave a report words of appreciation and commendation and one district granary built of the General Conference held in Salt will be a stimulus to all who were in at granaries this year; the sisters are doing as well as Lake City also "of the General Relief So tendance. can under existing circumstances. ciety Conference. Elder Franklin S. Richards spoke on they Sister Beatie rejoiced that we are prework B. C. of Relief F. and benediction the Society by Singing importance paring to build granaries. Advised the" whose those of crowns and the awaiting Sybert. sisters to make their homes pleasant and lives are spent in service for others. No prepare their children for their life's no of small how act the matter kindness; We continued our Afternoon session: work, also spoke of the nurse class. we are our how matter position, lowly and choir services by the singing, President Woodland spoke of the noble prayer is reward our and than queens and greater Bro. Edward Longhurst. Singing by work performed by the sisters of the Re of of marvelous work sure. the Spoke exercises. General and other opening Advised the sisters to honlief Society. local officers of the Relief Society were of the boy prophet the revelations and or and sustain the Priesthood. the grand code of laws he brought forth, . Sister Larsen of the Grant ward gave a sustained. of his magnetic power which even the lecture on A lecture on Faith from the Vernal ReMeeting adrepentance.. of successworld his had to acknowledge; An lief Society by Mrs. Mary Gibson. journed until 2 p. m. each like not the but ors, right Joseph, v On reassembling, after opening exer- Essay from Naples Relief Society entitled man in the and the at apright place "Influence of Woman" by Mrs. Rhoda cises, sister uusenoerry aaaressea ine fulfil in time to their pointed special part Sister Goodrich also spoke at Goodrich. congregation. Spoke of the feeling of beauReferred work. to this our gigantic some length on a great many subjects. that comes over us when called tiful building and the spiritual influence timidity A song from Maeser Relief Society by upon to speak;, its value lies in, the fact within its broods and that walls, prayed it tends to make us more humble. Clara C. packing and others- that the same might ever abide within that Mrs. Richardson related some of her us; that the Lord would pour out the Advised the mothers to be patient with be. experience in the mission field in Scotland balm of His spirit upon allr even as they their children, sympathize with them, to them, and make home which was very interesting. had poured it upon others; that no mis- - companions pleasant and a desirable place for them. Mrs. Annie K. Bartlett bore a strong 4 fortune might ever come without its ac Related stories illustrating these truths. testimony, also gave some counsel in reT companying balm and blessing and that Sister Martha Scadden of the Pocatello gard'to the plan gotten up for the Relief we might all meetin the eternal worlds, ward gave a lecture from the Book 01 Society work and of the duties of the there to dwell forever. Mormon, by Master Cliriord woodteachers,., spoke of gathering grain for Stake. President Lewis W. Shurtliff re- land of thebong Marsh Center ward. storage. ferred to the shortness pi life and the passMrs. Sarah M. Colton spoke of the good ing away of many of our valiant ones, Counselor Matilda Smithadvised the the Relief Society had done in regard and the need of the younger ones taking mothers to remember and relate the to making means for the Uintah Stake hold of the work, of whom we have an beautiful stories told bv Sister Dusenber Tabernacle, she thanked the people of army of noble sons and daughters. It is ry, to their children; also spoke on the not so much a question of how long we storing of wheat., Jensen for their hospitality. gishop Boyce spoke live, as of how much we accomplish. Singing, "How firm a foundation." on this subject; exhorting the sisters not 1 t J f. iL.. j.f '' Patriarch David McKay spoke more to. neglect this great duty. Bishop Mc- lur mice iuumus. vuineienuc aujuumeu Benediction by Bro. Joel Bascom. especially to the widowsl giving words of Ciellan had enjoyed the instructions giv-ecomfort and cheer and showing that their Said we should read the instructions Phebe: A. Merkley, loved ones were near and ready to aid in with our children; and learn to govern Secretary. d - . ur at - - -- - . 1 n. : . . WEBER STAKE. The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of .the Weber Stake of Zipn wis helH in the Relief Society Hall, in Ogden, June J3; 1907, at io a. m. and 1 130 p. m., President Jane S. Richards presidCounselor Emily M. Shurtliff and ing. representatives from nearly all of the 26 wards were in attendance. Of the breth- - time of need; also touched on work for ourselves, that we may be better able to. our dead. govern them. After singing and prayer, Bishop Robert McQuarrie commended the conference adjourned for six months. the sisters for their good works; also reElizabeth Priest, Secretary. ferred to the shortness of time and the rapidity with which this wdrk is being 'acBLACKFOOT STAKE. complished. ' Altogether a most enjoyable time was Blackfoot Stake was held at Blackfoot, had, even a time of refreshing from the A. Steers Lord." . Jul 15th, 1907, President Lucy , presiding i Nellie Becraft, After the opening exercises, Presiaent Assistant Secretary. Lucy A. Steers expressed the pleasure 1 4 . . , 