hear such dren who are accustomed-tlanguage; but what kind.of children are d at they? Children who are and receive, a volley of harsh words for atevery little mistake, can never rise or tain to that high standard of morality to were which they might if better" examples ' 7 '' ' "' ' set before, them "What we want our childrenn to. e we must be also." is a true saying, "Brimr them ud in the nurture and ad- monition of the Lord" is the same exhor- tation to parents in this day. ' "And again, boc. and Cov.. 68; i iri.. rnm inasmucn as parems iiavc uiuuicu Zion, or in any of her stakes which are organized, and teach them not the doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ the Son of the living Gpd. and of baptism, and the gift of the; Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands when eight years old, the sin be upon the heads of parents; in, "For this shall be a law unto the habitants of Zion or any of her stakes v which are organized; "AndtHeir children shall be baptized for the remission of their sins when eight years old and receive the laying on of hands. ''And they also shall teach their chil dren to pray and to walk uprightly before o ding-donge- . 2S-2- y "That every man will fail some lime. Be charitable, and liberal with your sub- stance, for' it is only a secondary consid eration the use you make 0t.1t is the primary consideration. You may do good to some one who is down today, and ho will be on the top of the wheel when y ou are down; for every man will fail some time."' - thee.". "Charity begins at home," so says the -- stlf-restrain- old proverb. If we are charitable at home we can expect to be elsewhere. Charity is a virtue which raises the soul nearer heaven. Corinthians 13th chapter- - Charity in all its forms.is to be admired, and when practiced in the form of love and for-beann- ce : . the Lord.7' Children at any age should be obedient Nor and regard their parents rights. have they any right to dictate to their parents what they ought to do or ought not to do. How beautiful to see or hear a young man or woman asking counsel or advice of the parents the same as when. they were young children. Surely these are examples in ever Latter-da- y Saint home. The Savior, .having such great wisdom and knowledge that He could astound the lawyers,- doctors, and wise .men with" questions and answers, doing the will of His Father in heaven, yet was He obedient to His earthly par- -' ents.j for "He was subject unto thefn." "Honor thy father and thy mother" is one of the commandments given to Moses for the children of Israel. With this commandment was a promise given, "that thy days may be long upon the self-forgetful-ne- t, self-deni- . , r - 1 s land:" God is the Father of our. spirits, and we should honor Him by keeping His commandments- - If we do this we shall love' Him. Next to God we should honor our parents,. those who. gave us birth, watched over us with tenderness and love, have cared for us and trained us up in our youth. and we being the most helpless beings God had created while in infancy, therefore need the utmost care. How dangerous, for a young man or woman to judge their parents, finding fault with them, saying if they had done better or differently we would have been better and could have done better. " But we do not know ot their ODnortnnihps nr their environment. Shakespeare says, "We think our fathers fools: cur sons will no doubt think us r - . n '.' , God-lik- e " -- -- x . V-T-- T E'en-thoug- Those parents who came here for the gospel's sake to this blessed land, where saints and prophets are, and can draw inspiration from the beauties of navale and mountainshave turefrom . . J - iL c i .L!U a. vcu u u a., a cite rway o I iii yi uuicuj advancement! There is no excuse for those who have the gospel which teaches 1 ? -- ss. If we take it is beautiful. charity in the" form of almsgiving, lib-it should be encouraged, but we may. be eral in almsgiving and not be Charitable. We may set a table and decorate it beautifully, and place rich food before our guests, but if we are not charitable, it is not true hospitality. If we see every fault and failing with those with whom we associate and make remarks on them, we are wanting in true charity. If ever there were a people whom the Savbr could not tolerate, it was the hypocrites, who said and did things just to be seen of men. But he said, "Verily, verily I say unto you, they have their reward." As the old story goes, of the rich man who passed by, and refused a poor, ragged girl who asked him for a A rOEM ON SYMTATHY, penny to buy bread as he went to church to give in his thousands of dollars to the 0 sympathy, thou greatest gift of Go! him and How the E'en in the greaiest men who earth have trod people praised pdor. So rarely found! Thy gentle, beauteous calm put his name in the papers in big headActing on werv souls like healin. balm, lines and said how generous and liberal Dispelling careand softening the pain he was. Truly he got his reward the B ings with it peace, restores to life again. beof We men. have reason to Behold it yonder, by the sufferers bed, praise It smooths the pill ws, cools the aching head, lieve there are many instances of true Speaks tenderly, and by its inward power charity throughout the world where there Makes the long da cf pain seem but an hour. is distress, sickness and poverty, where Daring disease its mission to tulfill;-Fliethere is no. one to see, only the individuswiff on eagle's wings to do God's will; Fearless of danger, even o the grave als themselves, and no one to record. But 'Twould hasten, but one pang of pain to save. we believe, as the song says, "Angels 'Tis but a lo- k. the h aving o a sigh are silent notes, taking of every action," The clapped hand, the tear-dp in the eye, etc. All speak its language eloque nee divine! Deut. 15: 11; "The poor shall never That makes the soul that ieels its piesence shine cease out of the land." therefore I. comWith beautv, shedding rays of light, mend the saying, 'Thou shalt open thine In ra s of plory. through the darkest nigiit hands wide unto thy brother, to the Of human pain, perplexry and care and to share poor, and to thy needy in thy land-- " The Longing to ese the bur-'eWith those distressed the misery and woe. scriptures are full of such admonitions. Those who have felt its value only know There are many ways of helping the The soothing magic of its tender love: poor. We can see the Wisdom of our Its wondrous strength, yet gentle as a dove, Father in inspiring the Prophet Joseph Could I the riches 6f a ting command. Amid the train of earth's proud heroes stand Smith to organize the Relief ' Society, A conqueror applanded and admired, Truly much good has been done, and we could I, with the zel o science, fired cannot estimate the great good; which 1 Or Discover planets, know each flashing star, will be done through the organization. LlAndJelLthel world thOitances - And had not s mp thy within my breast, Then we have a chance to give 1 were a poor, a miserable jest. ings or donations to the poor, and by with him who can for others feel, ing an honest tithing the poor need not ' Compared ho gentlv tries the w ound: d heart to heal, want.. ").;:: ;. he were the poorest on tbr earth, In the sayings of the Prophet Joseph Yet in this one a' pearl of wondrous won h In sight of God; and deemed by Him to be Smith, by O. B. Huntington. On one" A king, who hath within him sympathy. occasion the Prophet was asked the 5 meaning of. the words of the Savior,-"MakBy reading the life of Christ we will to yourselvqs friends of the. mamfind that he was th mnst sociable and . mon of.unrighteousnessr and when yelitrrl on the y Uvmnn hpHV.Ro rrkof may receive you into everlasting earth. And if we are His followers we habitations." Brother Huntington mar should try to follow His example- - . - Charity obeys the Lord's commands: "Do unto others as you would have them do to you;" "Love thy neighbor as thyself;" "Thou shalt not bear- false witness against thy neighbor." r is Charity It does not willingly listen to the voice of slander,. and if compelled, does not repeat it- - Charity is characteristic of a true woman and gentleman. Politeness born of charity, is gentle; engaging in manner, and shows in every action of a true and refined woman, while lack of charity and vulgar rnannersare looked upon with contempt and such persons are neither loved nor respected, It is necessary that mothers train their little ones to practice little acts of charity and kindness, te be polite to brothers and sisters as well as to visitors or strangers. Mothers should not encourage tale bearing or to speak unkindly o f their playmates., for allowing these feelings to take root in their little hearts unchecked, the seeds of future uncharitable feelings are sown. Teach them lessons of and unselfishness. Point out to them to do to others as they wouM be done by, and to return good for evil. It may seem hard, but with patience and perseverance, good results will be seen, land which the Lord thy God giveth 8:. i remembers thsm: i . . veled at the words; this is as near as he us right and truth and by keeping the commandments of God we.wiil find no 'time to find fault, and especially with our parents.' We. wiHnot feel to do so. No greater honor can children bestow walking in the up6nparents than by paths' of virtue, truth and righteousness. It will fill their souls with joy and peace, and would call down heaven's choicest chilblessings; then we could expect our dren to fill our lives with joy and peace. Surely this would prolong life, and the promisexould not help. but be fulfilled, "that thy days may" be long updn the hearts are easily hurtC There are chil- : 1 L.---V e fail-the- ' h or al 