t V ' - , - ....... - , Elders be arose- and walked out into the. garden" - when' the Spirit of the Lord had gone. made to the lives of the - Allusion was children of the Prophet, and where the -vrnother did not entirely-- , approve of Avhat: they had doheVshe did not endorse the Elder Wells movement. urged her to consider coming to Utah, where, he told her, many would be ready to welcome herrHis'earnestness-seemed-timpress her, but at the mention of President Brigham Young's name, all heT asserted itself, and she L. positively (declined "to consider the matter. "The great work the Relief Society is doing," said Brother Wells, "has sustained me many times, and very often I have spoken of this organization with pride. You are a great power greater perhaps than you know; and waen I look upon the sisters who have grown old in this work, I always admire them. May the blessings of the Lord be and abide with you is my prayer. Amen." Pres. Sylvester Q.Cannon expressed the pleasure . he . enjoyed 'whenever he met with the sisiers in Keliel Society conferences. It is the desire of the stake presidency that the young sisters join this organization, and he believed the carrying out of our. outlines that had been presented this afternoon would create an interest in this work, whereby many would be induced to join us. Words of encouragement were given us.and a supplication to our Father in heaven for His blessing to ever be with us was earnestly sought. Pres. McLachlan hoped the Spirit of the Lord would be with him in the few moments he might address us. The sub- -' jeet of suffrage and of the franchise that was given to us was discussed at some length.. To those who had come here from foreign lands who desired to make natthis their home, should not fail uralized. Would suggest that the sisters when visiting upon their blocks urge this upon those who had failed to take out their papers. The time will come when we will need to be citizens and American voters. This is a privilege, and we should use it. It is desirous that our schools should be under good management, and if our girls fit themselves as teachers, then they can get an appointment. If the Latter-da- y Saints live their religion' they will know in and of themselves what to do, and there will be no need to be told. We must be humble and live obediently to the commands the Lord has given us, and He will bless us everlastingly. Amen. Sister Cannon heartily endorsed all' that had been said, and announced, that conference would adjourn until June, 1907. The cougregation sang, benediction by , Counselor Lucy S. Acomb. : Ckaire L. Clawson, re-organ- ite o old-time'animo- sity to-b- e - . 1 . .. ? . Cor. Sec. After the meeting the sisters were set offices: apart for. their respective C. Lambert." Sister Rosina missionary. Sister Sarah McLachlan; by Pres. A. Davey," missionary, Pres. Sylvester Q, Cannon; Sister Lillian ;L. Woodbury, stake Relief Society, librarian, Pres. Wm. McLachlan. Wm- - Fanny Crosby, -- the blind. hymniwriter has just brought out, her autobiographic - Her address memories of. eighty-year- s. is 7 56 State street, Bridgeport Conn. . v IN MEMORIAM. We the sisters of the Emerson Relief Society of the Granite.Stake of Zion have been bereft of a beloved and ever faithful sister and colaborer. - Dear Faithful Teacher Mary Ann Coularo de-- parted this life Nov. 1906. noble of .her example, good In commeration undaunted life energies works, pure and humble sick ana the comfort and bless poor, to forth put afflicted we prav that our Heavenly Father will Jik'iriTd"comfortr'itlrHis-Hol- y Sjint,...Dear Mark's brothers, sisters and friends and help them and us to emulate ber worthy example.. love for our dear sister Through our beatt-fel- t t and respect for her relatives we resolve to dethe of a copy of this Memoiiam to the family ceased, to the ExroNbNT and record on our books. Her exemplary life was a beacon light to all m pre-en- one and V;JC and the foil Aving 'Sabbath "walked ' . . ' half miles to attend meeting. a Naturally after such wonderful, manifestation. of God's Providence the whole family, recti ed the Gospel and began to prepare for their depar. ture for Nauvoo. But as soon as it became known that they had espoused the new and unpuputar g friends, faith, persecution became rife, and and neighbors biought all manner of false accusa-tion- s subject of this against the father of the man of faultless be a to known sketc&Vfhcwas life-lon- heytried lirevery integrity, and stricthoneslyTl way possible to defeat his efforts to dispose of Lis home and other effects to obtain means for the journey; and were so far successful in their effort that he only ob'ained a fraction of their value, the proceeds barely sufficing for the expenses of the in the fall of journey which Was accomplished 1S40; Rebecca having preceded the family to Nauwho knew her. t voo several, months previous. On their arrival her In behalf of her sisters of Emerson Vv ard. parents found her dangerously ill with chills ard Armeda S. Younc, fever combined ith black canker. Her extreme Pres dent. youth being only fourteen years of age her loneBarbara M Jones. liness and homesickness caused by the separation, Cecily C. Barton. and, generally unhealthy conditions prevailing in Counselors. Nauvoo, together with a lack of nourishing food Prudence Brown, all combined to bring abuut her illness which was Secretary. rendering her condition very 'critical, she being unable to take any nourishment whatever. The the Power parents however having mightyn iaith inonce at which had restored their sought RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT of. behalf in Elders of the their administration the to the memory of as were belore and their; prayers suffering child, Sister Frances McKiy Smith, answered, and she was instantly healed and rewhich Unanimously adopted at a meeting of the Relief ceived a testimony ' of the truth of the Gospel Society of the Third Ward. Liberty Stake, Salt never left her. The record of her life in Nauvoo with all its Lake City, held December 6th, 1006. trials and privations i a matter of history differing only in minor details from the experience of Wherkas it has pleased our Heavenly Father the Saints in general.. After two years residence to summon our dearly beloved sister from this in their new home the elder sister, who had been spheie to a rare exalted one; and as her labors in so miraculously healed succumbed to an attack of the Relief Society as Teacher, Counselor and Pren fever, superinduced bv privation and sident have been such as to win the love and retainstill of 21 the at and parsed-awayears age t of all the membrr of the same restored the faith in her Gospel. Therefore he it Resolved that we, her listers ingIn 1843unfaltering of this sketch was married the subject of the Third Ward Re ief Society hereby express in the order of Celestial marriage. to Joseph W. our appreciation of her example, her labors and who was an intimate friend of the Proher faithfulness to every trust reposed in her dur- Cooledge T phet seph. ing the many years of her connec ion with the SoIn "1846 in company with her husband and his ciety; aDd that we recognize in her death the defamily sne left Nauvoo and after a trying. journey parture from our midst of an able, efficient and located in Winter Quarters where in the winter of devoted Saint, and a faithful friend, whose In 1848 her first child a daughter was born will ever be cherished by us, and whose, the tIowa, same returned of she the year Spring many virtue we hope to imitate; also that wecon-dol- e where she lived about five years in the vicinity of and deeplv sympathize with the bereaved Council Bluffs where in the fall of 1850 her son husband and children and grandchildren in the was born. ' loss of her loving mmistf ati ns as wife and mother. It wasti matter of great sorrow to herj that her, Ue further resolve to present the bereaved fahusband, absorbed in business cares, manife-t-emily with the-- e resolutions; also that they may be no disposition to gather with the Saints. The made a part ot the Relief Society record, and that intervening years between 185 and 1864 were a copy be sent to the Woman's Extonent for publispent with her father's family in Western Iowa. cation in that paper. After the death of her father, her mother and Rest in peace, thy work is done, two sons, accompanied by her daughter and her children emigratrd to Utah" in the Summer of Thou hast satisfied thy friends on eatth, of this earthly sphere Beloved 1864, lorating in Manti where she has since resided. to on task all occasions, Her mother died 26 years ago and both brothers Equal thy is within the last five years. Mrs. Wareham being Rest, thy work done. the last of her father's family. At the time of her Mary E. Irvine, death she was 81 years 1 month and 2 days old. Mary E. Hodgson, In February 1868 she wras married to James Sarah H. Gibson. Wareham who was a man of mighty faith and unCommitee. faltering zeal in the ministry, of the Gospel. On May ii, i868r the Relief Societywas reorganized in Manti, and Mrs. Warehun was chosen to act as secretary which position she held till REBECCA AT WOOD WAREHAM. 1871 Jan. 25, 1875, she was chosen President of the Relief Society of Manti which office she reWare-hasketch of Rebecca Atwood Biographical tained till Feb. 2. 1883. when Manti was divided who departed this life on Nov. 25. igo6, at in ttvo wards she as president being reappointed the home of her daughter in Manti, Utah. DeJ of the North Ward. ceased was born in Mansfield. Tolland County, When the Manti Temple' was opened in the Connecticut, Oct. 23, 1825 - She came of good old Spring of 1888 she was called as a worker and Puritan stock and possessed all the sterling quali- labored in that excapacity continously with the and ties of the typical New England woman.V Intelception of, about four months in the winter ligence, thrift, industry, and rare executive abilispring of 1890 when she was disabled with a brok-of ty , being promineut traits. M was; en 4 imbSheuwas aiTemplejvorker at the time minded and possessed strong her death although during the last three years of naturally spiritual religious .convictions, and when the Elders bearing her Jifejthe infirmities of. ageLprevented-her-frothe glad message of a restored Gospel, came to an active part. In 1890. she resigned her her father's house in the Spring of 1840, she, al- taking as pSice president of the Relief Society but was though but a child in her fifteenth year was.ready retained as Honorary President. She was also and willing to receive it. Especially so after the President of the Sanpete County Silk AsociaRon herelder-sistef-whmiraculous haling-o- f had' and was an enthusiastic advocate of Sericulture, been afflicted with spinal disease for three years" and was with every phase of thorouglj famijiar and had befen pronounced incurable by a council that v . y industry. of the best physicians. On the day previous to Mr-s- . Wareham was a woman of rare executive the Elders, who told the afflicted girl, and exceptional housewifely - skill which and her f amily-ththe gifts. andJjiessings of the ability dutie,s in a most public former-da- y had been restored the and that GospeJ exemplary manner and also attend to her households signs would follow: those who believed, which pro- duties in a.way that left nothing to be desired- - t mise was virtually verified in her case, as immediMrs. Wareham s home, during her husband s after the ately administration of the life and also when a widow, was hospitable after receiving 1 : r first-bor- " over-exertio- re-s- pe v me-vmo- ry - d 1 si-i- er - m, . rs.-Wareh-am- m -- the-visit- at . inablcderperajier" - 