r t IN MEMORIAM. On December 24th, 1906, at the age of q6 years, Frances Russell Evans, passed away at tbe home, of ber daughter Mr. Ann Iirownof Murray, Utah, She was the daughter of John and Eiter RusscJl. was born September 16th, 1S10. at East Ilarptree, Somersetshire, England. She embrace-- the gospel September 1849, in Eristnl, and emigrated to Utah a widow, in 1862, The first ear aftrr her arrival she resided in Og- den then she removal toioutlvCottowwoodr-bcr,--- ! with the execpti'-- cf a few vears, which she spent' . with her ton, Evans, in Salina. Sevier County, she has ever since lived. , She leave one and son, one daugh er, eighteen . one t f dor Ki rf in Jirm ira ? ever open to the Elders, many of whom will doubtless remember her hospitality at No. 2 King Street, Bristol which, was sometimes knp n a.i the Mormon Barracks, where weekly meetings were held ior many years. Her life has been one continual struggle, full of trials an I hardships. One son died on the plains; a daughter was drowned shojUy after their arrival in ths valley. Her oiher son was a boldier in the British army; but this brave little woman determined to buy him oil, ihat he might gather 1 Zion. This she accomplished but through some mistake he rembsted. Again she worke I by the day, often walking from Cottonwood to the City and back agan after her I 'bor. to obtain ihi means to agai.i release hinu. On his arrival in Utah, with one of her grand-son- s to accompany h r and wiih a loaf n ol bread tied in a handkerchief she walke l to to meet him because she could not afford to fare.' her pay F.r many years she has" been blind and latterly deaf as well, which virtually shut her out from the world. Howcverrall through life she ca ried a cheerful countenance an I a heirt full of grat tude for her blessings, and especially for the kindness of her children. The simplest of food was all the asked and a clean white apron was her most elaborate adornment. Her funeral services were held in the Grant Ward, December 27th. Bishop Wm. W. Mackey n presid ng. The other speakers were: Gustave R ibert F. Neslen, Thn II. Kelson and John G. Kelson; Sister Ruth M. Fox also spoke a few - ' ! W.-H- grand-childre- great-grand-cbild.- n - .- 1 11 ' 1 Og-de- The day before' she died one of the blessings of the gospel -- as attended io wherein she rejoiced an i felt comforted, , ' w. tft r.A realize that her time on earth wai so , short but she died as sbe had lived a faithful and true daughter of our Father in Heaven ana ner reward is ture V r She was the loving wife of Brother Andrew I). Helm and the devoted mother of five children. Husband and four childVn. one wn and three survive her.- and from personal knowl- daughter, -ia practice thc-- f edge wufcei they are' strivingtcaching of th ir departed motner. Sister Helm. was born at Salt Lake City, July 2"th. 1855. Her parents were E.der .enjamin T. Mitchell and Lovina Mitchell The funeral services were held in Ihe Mill Creek Ward house Saturday, October nth, where many relatives and friends ratio pay their last respects to the dear departed Bishop . C Hamilton p over the srrv ces. Appropriate music was rei'dertd bv a select quartet; Trie Sister spcakeis were Elizabeth Snedaker. Frances H. Hanson, Nellie S Cornwall and Margaret M. Spencer; each spAe orL their, love for . sifter Helm. Several it the brethren spoke of her noble lie work and ber dev tion to her religion. Beautiful floral embl.-m-s covered the casket, after the bene-- d Winder a 1 ng lin of carction by Eider riages followed the remains to , the Mill Creek cerat terv, where the grave wa d dicated by bishop Janus C Hamilton. The pailearers were Bej. T. Helm, Rov Anderson Daniel Mitchell, Ctiarles Mitchell, Edgar Mitchell and Elmo Mitchell. i " - - W.-'C- of Mill Creek Ward, was verv liberal. in her donations for the poor. The dy before her death she sent a donation to the Society. rhe had been in delicate health fpr some time. President Mary B. Hamilton and her had visited her often when she was comfort-an I reShe was a most lovable wojoiced exceedingly. sen.se in of ihe word. everv man, a la ly We as members of the Relief Society mourn her loss but njt wi hout hope in a glorious future for her, her good deeds will fol'ow, she wilt meet her regard We also extend our sympathy to her sorrowing relatives and triends The luueral service were he d in the Mill Creek Ward house December 2nd, 1906. Bishop James C Hamilton presiding. Many svmpathis ng relatives aud iriends met to p.iv their last respec' in this life. Amongst those who spoke of her noble life was, President Mary B Ham lton. President Anthon H. Lund and brethren who had known childhood. A quartet from Salt Lake City rendered sweet music, one of the brethren singing the hymn "O My Father ,r The floral emblems were beautiful shoeing the respect in which she was held. After the benediction was pronounced the mourners in the eight coaches taking their place ihe e took its departure for the Salt l ake City cemetery, where the remains were laid to rest. Frances H. Hanson. s d The tottering steps are now nimble, The spirit is free as the air; Her robes are as white as the snow-drif- t, Her countenance beaming and fair. All gone are the sorrows and hardships, The worry for something to eat; The sacrifice, planning, and sav.ng To make the short slender threads meet. But sweet are the smiles of the angels. Who nuaided her atl'the way through; Who knew of her faith; her ambition That all whom she loved might be true. hM-fro- And tender the voice of the Father, As Heaid to the Registrar: "write Her name in the book with the great ones .And crown her with glory and might." m cor-tag- M. Fox. Amelia f. Carlisle. OBITUARIES. . F. MARION CRAWFORD. . " . -- . gospel, which she haoV received, from' herv youth having been born m the everlasting covenant. . 1 i-- A J. nulnbTr"6rreviewsrdealing with"poliTTcaV social arid economic philosophy. His atten tion was turned to fiction by his uncle, Mr. Samuel Ward of New York City, to whom he related some of his experiences in the Orient, and who advised him to ;Mr, make them the basis df a novel.' 1882 imme'was in and Isaacs" appeared Mr. Crawford resided diately successful. in New York City and Boston until 1884, after which he made hishonie at Sorrento, Italy, and devoted himself entirely to His other works are Dr. literature. Claudius, 1883. "To Leeward." 1883, ,4A Roman Singer," 1S84; "An American Politician," 1884; "Zoraster." 1885. tale of a Lon el y Parish, " 886 ; Saracin esca ;"i887. "Paul Patoff;" 1887 "With the Immortals;" 1888; "Saut Iloas Mazio's Cruficix," 1887; 'Saut Iiiasia;" sequel to Lauvania, 1 ?'M?5iCrawfordasbo I j fortune, thus throwing him very unexpectedly upon his own resources. He launched cut into journalism, and visited the countries of Europe, though Italy was his home as near as he possessed one. He strayed to India and edited a newspaper in the land of the Hindoos. He took pleasufe in its editorial columns to blackguard theosophy and Madam Blav-atskalso the doctrine of reincarnation. This enterprise proving unsuccessful, he came to New York, writing his first novel at Ghister Place, then a final trip to Italy, where he has since resided near Sorrento, with his wife and children. - The writer of- - the Saracenisca, said he wrote a book in twenty-fiv- e days, broken only by Sundays, of 150,000 words, and y, tViof in nie riir trif Virmf tnA m innt-rin- f aid of even a stenographer. " This would horrify Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, and many others who think six months about thft nht tim T4 cave hr manscrpc it by living in the open air, roughing it among the mountains, and going long trips with the sailors in their smacks. These three books have a charming plete pictures of patrician life in modern - ; 1 . ai-l- ''":--X.- passed the academic ',vear of 1 880-- at Harvard in a course of Sanscrit and Zend, with Prof. C. R. Lausdman, receiving a At this . university. diploma from the '1 J i penoa ne coniriDuicu iu penoaicais a r, At last the long journev iended. The kind weary hands are at rest; The sad darkened vision ha opened, On the topes and joys of the blest " Allahabad, capital of the northwest provinces. This venture proving unsuccessful, he came to America once more, and "Grufrustia;" 1889. Contributed a at national hmn to the Centennial, ' One more of our faithful sisters has been gatherPhiladelphia, 1887. ed home, she has passed from death unto life, she It is said that while relating some of his hid every thing in her beau iful home to make life desirable where she lived in the midat of beauexperiences during his travels, his uncle adtiful fljwers The Lord's will be aone. vised him to write them up, get a pubOverman-Cramebeloved wife lisher and ihus turn them to account. Sit r Josephine of Christopher Cramer past awa inbersist tear. Mr. Crawford having had his Harvard exShe was a devoted wife and mother, leaving husband, four sons, and many friends to mourn her perience, was only in his early twenties, when the financial disasters of 1873 los .She was a faithful member in ths Relief Society brought destruction to his mother's large . Sister Rachel Mitchell Helm of Mill Creek Ward, died at her home, October 4th, ioS, she was a faithful member of the Relief Society and an active f workeras a teacher for many years. She was always firm in the principles of the a comfort to gospel, was liberal to thepoor-an- d those who mourn. Truly we miss her from onr midst. Although Eer sickness hai been of that nature which confined her to home, the name of Aunt Rachel was known far and wide and' she was loved for her noble and "' pure life. - ::';v-- ' She was self - sacrificing having the management of her family and the business of the farm in the absence of her husband while he performed . two missions. 7 ,X. t Sisters held meeting at her By her, requ-sjhe home when she had an opporturltv of vpcaUng itK,-l..,- l 1889; - Ruth t . Ol-se- minutes. to-pu- 1.. the Rome, and the economic conditions which liatDs ot Italy, August 2, m 845, son 01 l nomas Crawford, the American sculptor.and nephew of Julia Ward Howe. Was sent as a boy to St. Paul's school, at Concord, New' Hampshire, Returnto he was at Europe ing Cambridge Unifrom 1870 to 1874, and for several versity studied years philosophy and the lan-agatileidleburg, the Polytechnicum L-ucca, v es surround it. Beginning with Saracinesca, through baut Ihacortathe jusrcompleted uon ursino, they detail the history or one ,of the noblest and most ancient houses of Roman nobility namely the "Saracinescas." v ... Almost without thinking, "at the close of reading these works we find that we haUA li7Al witll-nn- o n turn nvaniAne Visited India for the purpose 6T perfect- -' estates, and have attended "First inghis knowledge of oriental languages grand at Embassy balls. Being a Cathoand mysticism, and assumed the editor- - nights, lic jn religion, Mr. Crawford was in sym- - -- 