U Wl J 1 . I M .56. dels and people, not professing any rerg-io- n who will not touch these drinks simply because they found them; to be hurtr them - " ful to the body. Some quit drinking ' 77 by" taking advice from" their physicians and when the Lord inspires his servants to . tell us they are not good, certainly we ought to believe them. fltifl VOU are WWn V VU nro atk Pnnlar If 14 Vti Jvrn walking from East India Duke Road towards Manchester Road you meet a num-(bof people about' 5, o'clock or a little 4 Th- - fV A TP nPHT- frnm wnrV It w -IHI VI fr miner ly all girls and women who work in factories. There is a match factory here'and We will not a rope factory and others. tire our readers about all we see in Poplar, we will leave Poplar and visit a niece in West Kensington '.West London, but be- IUXC KCUIIIK III CI C WC uuv;iuiiv.i uiu and tube at Poplar Subway our sister and her husband took us through the tube or subway. JThis is a very long tunnel dug and built up with brick in arch ed shape under the River Thames; you carvhardly believe when you are walking in these tunnels that the rivers is flowine above you; but I fancy some one is asking how do you get down in these tunnels? Well they let you down by an elevator, called a lift in England; when you get to the other end of the tunnel you find another lift, this time you are lifted up instead of being let down- - Our brother, Thomas Miskin lives here at Poplar, he and his family were very entertaining, we spent several evenings listening to their music and singing. Well we will not go to Crisp Street Market tonight; we will take a train or .. underground train, which is run by elec- tricky, they call these trains an American invention and while we are visiting our niece in West Kensington we go in this underground train to Museum Station then we go to the British Museum. It will take too long to tell all we saw there and we did not see half. We were three .days however at the reading room: you have to get a recommend .to go to the reading room, and what a large room, so spacious, so great, so complete, hundreds go there and sit from day to day reading and writing "with no fear of being dis- turbed. Another, day we went to West Kensington s natural- - history Museum where we saw all kinds of stuffed animals, some wonderfully large, others very, very small. We spent all'day looking at many curiosities, and then we did not see near all there was. "Howeyer-anoth- er time we went to Madame Trossou's waxworks, how real, how true like mankind this work of art indicates nature. Then we go to the Dig wneei, you can get a oeautnui view oi the city in the wheel which is so large you can scarcely feel the motion. Then there are all the sights of Earl's Court, the diver with his diving suit, shows how men can dive under the sea lor lost treasures then there, is the flying machine. boats, I could not be persuaded to take a-nae up inere, too nigti up in the world for me; then the giddiness I would exper - , -- A r - A er o- - - m w . ; , : R. K. ience when the boats go so swift, round and round, up in the air. No thank you, with our Elders sometimes." She was at this remark, and thercountenances of those who- came rather taken back, her motive was misunde"down was anything but: pleasant, and I thought perhaps returned home without taknever knew any one to take a second nde rstoodso she to the lady missionary to in a life- - ing this visit was quite enough Hip there, one. .... whom she had felt drawn towards for her time. lady-lik- e ways, her dignified appearance, Sunday comes and we take the train and quiet disposition; but she thought, and visit headquarters, 37 Farleigh Road, will not prevent us Stoke Newnington, London. At the first "Nevermind, that who brought us of the month we find quite a number of from appreciating those noble young men gathered, perhaps to re- the Gospel, we will always revere, not Brother only one but all who point to us the way port and receive instructions. eternal life. Hoops who is presiding, introduces us to to Now we are home again taking up Brother Young; this young man is a the duties of every day life. The promgrandson of that great prophet who led ises that were given us in our parting the Saints up to this Rocky Mountain we would allay prejudice country, showed the people how.to exist blessing, thathome in better health, have and work in such a -- way that they would and return . not starve in this new country, taught been verified. Little Sister: them how they could live happily with the blessings of the Lord. We were also ( Concluded.') introduced to one of President Joseph F. Smith's sons, who was there on a mission, y others whose Brother Booth EDITORIAL NOTE. names I cannot-reca- ll just now. We went with them to Finsbury Hall to thei The annual statistical and financial reSunday night meeting, where we had the ports of the Relief Society for the year pleasure of hearing Sister Nannie Tout 1906, from January 1st to December 31st, The have not all been received, sing, as also her sisters and father. They should Holy Spirit was there manifested, the all have been sent in by the 15th of Febsame Gospel preached as at home. May to the General Secretary. Mrs. E. the Lord bless these missionaries, I know ruary B. Wells, Templeton Building, Salt Lake He will. Utah. (Please send immediately!) Next day we run back to Poplar to con- City, tinue with our genealogical work. When Saturday comes our sister and her husNOTES AND NEWS. band take us to Crisp Street Market, here are stands inside and outside, where you Preparations for the National Peace can buy anything and everything to keep Congress to be held in New York, April house with and furnish a good table: fresh 14 to 17 are progressing. The Executive fish, all kinds of fresh meats and merCommittee has held a meeting at the chandise of every description, and if you City Club, New York. Prof. Samuel T. wish to go on further, you will find your- Dutton was chosen chairman and Prof. self in Petticoat Lane. Most of the vend Robert E. secretary. Committees ers here are Jews and nearly all of them were chosen Ely on Finance, Local Arrangewomen. People say they are tricky, and ments, Publicity, etc. Arrangements if the story I heard is true, they must be, were made for working men's meetings, These second hand goods very likely are meetings with the Germans, Italians and clothes pawned by people out of work; other citizens of foreign birth, with school some sell them for drink, others when children and in the churches; also a Gentoo are gamble they heavy obliged.to part eral Advisory Committee of at least one with these things to save themselves from hundred prominent citizens, friends and or to their rent. starving pay leaders of. the arbitration and peace moveWell we are getting ready to return ment in different . parts of the country. home hunting through Woolwich and will open with a great The Greenwich for genealogy.also visiting the musicalCongress consecration service on Sunday Miskins'at 1 100, who, though not closely evening, The Executive Committee, the us very kindly. treated related, Com mittee oh Local Arrangements and 1 I believe the time is coming when we the New York Peace Society are making as a people will be better understood and a for therefore will be treatedbetter; but I sup- thevigorous campaign of preparation Congress. Sunday evening meetings pose there will always be misunderstandare held in various churches, and ings even amongst'ourselves. T will just havebeing been large and enthusiastic. A dinmention a little instance. A sister went ner was lately given to the editors of ' the to Salt Lake to do work in the temple All and visit relatives, and happened to ex- city by the New York Peace Society. interested organizations throughout the press a wish to see an Elder and his wife,, or whom she had known before coming to country are urged to send a delegate A. to the Congress. The N. the mountains, another.sister volunteered delegates S. A. has appointed Mrs,- - .Carrie W. to driveher up to see these friendsr But time passed and when she was near ready Chapman Catt as its delegate. to return home she reminded the sister of The National American Woman's Suffrage Association assembled in its 30th Annual Convention, in the state which gave Abraham Lincoln to the service of the nation, reaffirms the principle enunciated by Lincoln, who said in 1836, when Lake City, Utah. a candidate for the Illinois Legislature Weaim togiveyou' your patronage! government, who assist m bearing its bur- -, 1 II I WW dens, by no means excluding women." I will not accept a ride up there, I noticed ARE-I- N - . - : . . and-man- - THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, .71 Main St, Salt WE OUR NEVVSTORE,-and-solic- it her ,pron?ifc,vwhctra.xc Exclaimed,' "You people out in the world fall in love , - -- 