EDITORIAL NOTES JF ' t . . i.il 1 ,. 1 Cburrh who addressed of his 'magnanimous work them, telling -of Israel and of humanity; for the good a"Bhilanthropist of the highest order," a ; benefactor to all. the world was Brigham at leaders of the ' Young. ." ' . ' These annual gatherings of the poster- ity of the men 'who have been "the desert blossom as the rose," should"be perpetuated, that their children and children's children, down to the latest generation may honor them; and that all making haye derived benefits through the efforts of these noble men, who gave who and the best of their manhood to make this country desirable for freedom, protection, ciy.il and religious libercitizens, should ty for all know to whom they are indebted fcr these great blessings, - that, their names may be engraven on the tablets of memory imperishable throughout all timetheir lives, law-abidi- ng - - RECEPTION TENDERED. On Tuesday, June n, 1907, the newly installed officers of the Relief Society of Davis county honored the retiring president, Sister Susan Grant, and her Board Farmington in a most superb and enThe meeting house was joyable way. fragrant with the perfume of roses and other flowers. At eleven in the morning a meeting was held with religious exer- cises and suitable program rendered. An A. Clark was original song by Sister Lucy sung, and each paper read or address made was complimentary in the best sense of Sister Grant and her fellow workers, Sisters Jane Holt, Wealthy A. Clark and Phebe Sessions, who had. la at s and diligently in the inter est of the Relief Society in Davis stake. PresidentsHyrum Grant and James were on the stand, which was well filled with representative women of the stake, including both the retiring officers and the newly appointed ones. There were twe sisters from Salt Lake City-Si- sters E. B. AVells and J. P, M. Farns-wortwho both spoke of the praiseworthy life and labors of Sister Grant in eulogisticterms; Sister Wells read a poem written in her honor, entitled "After bored so Jong Eld-red- ge H, Years." After the program, which consisted of one selection from each ward m the stake, address, paper, poem, etc., the president, Minerva E. R. Knowlton, with a very modest but heartfelt speech, Presented the late president and officers with" handsome gifts, appropriately chosen, from the sisters for whom they had labored so long, Sister Grant having officii ated as twenty-on- e years last president 1 Many January. ---- ----i r .. . Afterthe close ...of the. exercises the guests all repaired to the Lagoon, where sumptuous banquet was partaken of, and greatly enjoyed by all, and the most delightful interchange of friendliness in during the af ternoon. : . It is indeed most commendable to hon-.r.some such way, while they are still tag, those who have striven so long and so a par-"Cipat.- ed ln unselfishly for Jflbse the good of others,; It worthy sisters whose days have been passed in labors of fove.- - ' Th5 t'auwaiionKave 1 . ) .ir,- - Af Officers of ttePrimarf a delightful recent inn. nt tne Lion Hnnc .. e uaimudv evening, June 8, 1907, to the visiting officers from various stake organizations and also entertained as guests the First Presidency of the Church and Apostles- with their wives, and the General Officers of the Relief Society. It was a unique affair, the exercises in harmony with the' objects .f sciety itself, such as appeal to children. There was excellent music, some fancy dancing, and also quadrilles, etc., a few hymns were sung as solos, the evening's entertainment opened and closed with prayer. Bouquets of flowers were presented to the president. Louie B. Felt, who wtth her luxuriant white hair gracefully arranged, and dignified manner, made a charming picture in the midst of the festivity. Truly the children of Zion have excellent training by these noble women who are devoting their lives to the work for the little ones. Miss May Anderson, who has been many years an efficient assistant to Mrs. Felt, had charge of the evening's program. Mrs. John Groesbeck gave a very charming lunch party for her mother, Mrs. Margaret Clawson, at her handsome new home on First street, on Saturday afternoon, May 23- Everything was in excel-len- t taste.and the menu was delicious and Beautiful flowers exdaintily served. quisitely arranged, and more than all the e dear, delightful social intercourse of friends. We are very grateful to Mrs.Groesbeck and her sisters who helped her to honor her mother and her mother's friends, and to give them such a pleasant opportunity to meet and greet each other once again as in former days. Mrs. Margaret Clawson has always been a great favorite in home circles, where the best of real sociability is realized as coming from the heart. On Fnday, May 31, an afternoon tea was given at the beautiful residence of Mrs. Lou Groesbeck McCune.her mother, Mrs. Ann D. Groesbeck joining with her in giving their mutual friends an exceedingly pleasant afternoon. The home is dainty in all its appointments; and the mother and daughter delightfully hospitable and entertaining. One recalls at such times the "Pennsylvania Dil worths," who were noted for giving exquisite dinners in olden times at Nauvoo and in early days in the valley, when luxuries were not so plentiful as nowadays. In such companionship it is difficult to know how time goes, but suffice to say it flies ? ... nnA rre XYln 'A4VA1,-JAUJLLU.i;A.- 5 -- v;w;.V--tl T.v1.ll vuu JIUJ Q,l, orr'that me Vd.ll, ...t, m- - orable lournevin iSj7: the wife bf' Elder Lorenzo D. Young' was the only other woman with this first "companv of pion eers. There are none of them living now, -v. b u t t h e r e a re - s t i 11 - a - f e w - vv o m e n -- 1 ivin g who came with the large company that followed the pioneers the same year, a d two of them were present at this meeting " . 11 xr .1 Clxn Jiait--i rvuii vuunun w oouuucy men a young girl,, and Sister Louisa Nor s Decker, who was only a child, but who was old enough to remember the brutal killing of her father, by the mob in Nau-voher mother's death following a few weeks after, leaving her to be cared for by strangers. The day was interesting in mariy ways.and the"Daughters";may congratulate themselves on a very successful year. A committee was appointed to take in hand and devisejnethods for organizing a larger association of all the sons and daughters of the early pioneers.that might hold annual gatherings on the 24th of July. A o, i THE FIRST RELIEF SOCIETY. ELIA R. SNOW. According to authentic testimony an organization of which the present (Fe BY has male) Relief Society is a always existed when the Church of Jesus Christ has been fully organized. "Elect Lady," as it occurs in the New Testament, has direct reference to the same, alluding to one who presided over this institution. (See 2d Epistle of John, 1st verse.) The first organization of this society in the present dispensation was effected on the 17th of March, 1842. by Joseph Smith, President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, assisted by other "prominent Elders. His apology Jfor deferring the organization till that period was the great pressure' of duties, labors and responsibilities which devolved upon him. By his suggestion a meeting was appointed in the Masonic Hall and a limited number invited. Nauvoo Lodge Room, March 17, 1842, Elder John Taylor was called to the chair and plder Willard Richards appointed secretary. The meeting commenced by singing "The Spirit of God like afire is burning." and prayer by Elder Taylor. It was moved by President Smith and seconded by Mrs. Cleveland' that a vote be taken to know if all are satisfied with each female present, and are willing to acknowledge them in full fellowship and admit them to the privileges of the institution about to be formed. The vQte ; 'r all too quickly. v was unanimous. q , President Smith addressed the meeting nonfrVitprs nf the Pioneers met in the object of the Society; the Lion House, WednesdayJune 26, ta illustrate the Society bf sisfers might provoke before closing for summer vacation, at 3 that to good works in .looking after the wants - m num. nsiiHi aim i.wvv tnp ' President F. of the poor, searching after objects of rif enm a notable cruests. to assist by correcting the M Lyman and wite, u.s. oeuaiui accu charity, etc., iind Aoostie neoer I. uidm. avu morals and strengthening the virtues of mothe female community, and save the Elof these famous men occupied a few ders the trouble of rebuking,, etc. He pro ments in reminiscences of early pioneer posed that the sisters elect a presiding life in the west. there were aiso prebci officer, choose two counselors that he Tanet Young Easton ana Kosaiie ivnii uau of would ordain them and let them preEdwards; Sister Easton. the daughter his side over the society just as the Presidenthe great pioneer Brigham Young and accomcy preside over the Church; and. if they wife Clara Decker Ycung, who in need his instruction, ask him and he panied him on that memorablezjourneyan- -, wOulaVgiye it from time to time; and let iWrSisf ef Edwards Kimball this presidency serve"as aconstitutionT; other great pioneer, Heber C fac-simi- le, - old-tim- ,. tu 0 Got "theutof 