. r- -: iv V WOMAN'S SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, FEBRUARY, Vol. 35 1907. di0 the eldest daughter of a "familvof eighT we're presumably hers. ...... Smith... L. E. Hale S. A. '49 In October, 1825; a ycung man, Joseph Emma Workl Stakt .... 59 Mother's Maricopa Smith came to board at the Hale home. Stake He had been employed by Mr. Josiah 51 ..i.. Morgan San Luis Stalce? Stoal to assist in digging for a silver mine 52 Box Elder Stake in that neighborhood. Mr. Stoal had deRelief Society Report: 51 Mott......... Lucrrtia sired the assistance of this young man be53 JnMeraoriam cause he had heard that he had certain 54 means by which he could discern things Obituary 54 Crawford.". D. Marion Alder invisible to the natural eye. F. 54 Lydia ' to Sister Little A Trip While boarding at Isaac Hale's home, 55 England (Concluded)... EditorialThe Relief Society 52 Joseph Smith began to pay his addresses S2 Great Events Transpiring to one of the daughters of the family. L. L. G. Goodwill... Richards 49 The parents of the young lady were very Poetry: Peace, To Aunt Era much opposed to this. They were acJosephine Spencer 51 quainted with the fact that this- young man had proclaimed tojhe world that PEACE, GOODWILL. seen a vision, that the Father and Son the had appeared to him, andthey A kindly thought can never come in vain; Yet thoughts soon die if left but to remain ignored the statement because their be TJnu ed, inactive, clogging heart aud biain; lief was that such things were done'away Let me ne'er smother helpful impulse thus with. They thought they would be disWhen Heavenly Father gives me generous graced in the eyes cf their friends if their 'thought. Let me believe some blessing should be wrought, daughter should marry such a man. For some one, somewhere; let the chance be Emma Hale was 2X years of age, and sought, under the law mistress of her own acAnd some poor, answered prayer made marveltions, she made her own decision in favor ous. of the young man whom she had learned But should a thoueht and unkind, to respect and love. Jinuarv 18. 1827. Enter my soul, disturbing heart and mind-Ethev went to the home of Squire Tarbill, or selfishness, or both combined, in South Bainbridge, Chenango County, Such thought, or feeling, I would quickly kill. New York, and he performed the mar it shoull not live to gr.v and to extend, To make me injure or distrusrsr friend; riage ceremony for them' I would not voice it. all my thoughts must blend Joseph Smith had confided in his With that lest angel chorus, t'eice, Goodwill! to this important step mother I love in life. His mother says: "Joseph called you ; Dear Ones! Let my say it now. I think of you when before Heaven I bow, my husband and myself aside, and said, 'I Am! ask that God all best things will allow have been very lonely ever since Alvin For each one's present and eternal good. died, and I have concluded to get marMy Dear Ones, let us in sweet uniou live, Nor thoughtless speak, hearts are so sensitive; ried; and if you have no objections to What seems unfair let's readily forgive, my uniting myself in marriage with Miss And s.mply say 'twas but misunderstood. Emma Hale, she would be my choice in preference to any woman I have ever And oh my Friends, I prize your friendship now! I will not wait death's touch on eitber brow; We were pleased with this choice seen I If have hurt you, kindly'tell me how, and not only consented to his marrying, So I may ill. not was meant, that gdbd prove her, but requested him to bring her home For sudden death today seems in the air, with him and live with us," Consequently A heart may cease it's thiobbings anywhere, At any moment; On ray soul prepare;! after their marriage Joseph and Emma With all the world aud Heaven hold Peace, went to Manchester, New York State, GoodwillL l and lived there that season. L. L. Greene Richards. - From the very first, - persecution . was January 1907.. the lot of this family. Their friends were few, but these few were true, they being mostly members of his, Joseph's, - - he-ha- . , un-Christl- nvy -- . in-regar- d , . EMMA HALE SMITH. READ AT RELIEF SOCIETY OFFICERS ING IN PIONEER STAKE. own family. On April 6. 1830, the .Church of Jesus Saints was organChrist of Latter-da- y ized with six members. Joseph Smith beEmma Smith ing the presiding elder. bein? converted to the truth of the prin ciples- advanced was baptized' in June, 1830, but on account, of .persecutions by mobs was not confirmed as a member until August of the same year. From that time until the death of her husband she honored him in his position and assisted him in his great work of latter-days-ushering in the Gospel of the In July, 1830, a revelation was given to . MEET- - There are many people who pass through this life scattering: rays of sunshine and strewing life's - pathway with kind and thoughtful acts, whose names are .'. seldom recorded in history. Among these might be recorded the name of Emma Hale Smith, wife of Joseph Smith, and first president of the Relief Society. The subject of this brief sketch was born July to, 1804, in Harmony, Susquein Her Emma Smith, through her husband, hanna County, Pennsylvania. ;wMrh.th ft Lord told her His will in re o citi father; Isaac Hale. was. a called e zen of tEat;prace1:.DrEer earlfTlifewe-ar- gard to certain things; left to our own imagination. The an Elect Ladyy ana ner omce. was to - -- the-Prop- " het well-to-d- t -- NUMBER MID-WINTE- R d No. 7. comfort her husband in his afflictions,. with consoling words m the spirit of meekness. To travel with him. and be his scribe, when he had no other; according to the Spirit, she was to expound the Scriptures and exhort the Church; -- She was to make a selection of sacred hymns to'be used in the congregations of the Saints, etc. This was a great honor to be thus remembered and instructed, and those who were acquainted with her have testified that during her husband's lifetime she lived up to the requirements of the revelation. She was appointed, September 14, 1835, to make a selection of sacred hymns, which duty she performed, by the assistance of the Spirit of the Lord, to the satisfaction of all, and up to the present time they are rendered with feeling and spirit in all the congregations of the Saints. In 1833 the corner stones of the Temple were laid and the dedication of the building occurred March 27, 1836. Sister Eliza R. Snow writes: "With very little capital except brain, bone, and sinews combined with trust in God, men, women, and even children, worked with their might; while the brethren labored in their departments, the sisters were actively engaged in boarding and clothing -- workmen ' not otherwise provided for. " Sister Emma in this trying time did her part in this great work of rearing the first temple built in this dispensation. The organization of the Female Relief Society was commenced on the 17th of March, 1842, and completed on the 24th, with Emma H. Smith as President. Sarah M. Cleveland and Elizabeth A. AVhitney Counselors, Eliza R. Snow; Secretary, and Elvira A. Coules, Treasurer. This organization was for the relief of the pogr, the destitute, the widow and the orphan and for the exercise of all benevolent purposes. During the Missouri persecutions the sisters of the Church had always been ready to open their doors to the weary traveler; to divide their scanty pittance with the hungry, and from their plunderedlancLimpoverished wardrobes . divide with the more needy and destitute; but the opportunity to do this work in an organized capacity had up. to this time been impossible and unthought of. As President of this Society, Sister Emma was looked up to with respect and . . . They could follow her leadership without fear. Her heart waslilled. reverence. with goodness and generosity, not for a hope of reward, but for true charity and v love. To all she was kind ahd consider- -' I ate and did , everything in her power to assist in the upbuilding of the society and the attaining of the purpose of its organization. In the organization of the branches of the Church and the trials and persecutions, from within and without, that her husband was subject to, they had many homes; among them .we might mention those at ; Harmony, Fayette, Kirtland, Hiram, Far .West and three at Nauvoo. She was the mother of six - ' -- 1 . , 