A - the hands of the The Ballot -- t - ) omm of ftuli .CONTENTS. FPOM FINLAND. W hel hippie Electa V00d ;; 10 Bullock fine Reception. ..... Southern Relief "iEHenAVatson ri Alberta Uintah Stake Stake................. Society Reports: nVeber 14 14 ... Pocatello Stake. Blackfoct Stake........... Pncwflake Stake...... 1.4 i.j 15 .. Obituary..-- . 13 The First Literary Society in Utah Fulfillment of Prophecy,. Poetrj: Life for Evermore .. .11. W. Naisbitt D. Alder Tenederly Love Editorial: on.-......Lydi- a t g 11 LISTENING TO THE TABERNACLE ORGAN ' AND CHOIR. orpin's voice came floating to my ear, Sot, sweet, anon in sonorous roar, Which rolled along.the lofty arch; then died. Apin the melody. rang out ir 10b and swell, Tne choir in unison and many-voice- Borst into joyous half ecstatic tones and mood Until the jjlorious refrain climax reached, Lile Choir supernal, 4,Life for Evermorer The d, head bowed low, and throbbing heart, to pain, The strain sublime rang out once more; With To all That Till surroundings lost, the spirit drank mystic, draught again, earth with all its cares ?nd petty things ng Were naught to that sweet rapture and its theme The final swell in grand luxuriance rose. The same refrain of "Life for Evermore!" i 13 LlFfc FOR EVERMORfe. AFTER SSI UN. IN TI1H riET, : 1 tr,c. IIie 11115 (luring -tU, me feci- in t'l.ust ') sion. We arc discussing the stamp duty; the post statutes and the statutes on" elk but hunting just now there is a little pause Yesterday six of us women presented our first petition" on Married Wo men s I'roperty Right. Today we have a bill on presented the Mother's Right to her I Children, and a petition on the Raising of. the Marriage Age. We are, as I have mentioned before, nineteen women. On my right side sits Miss Hilda i, a well known speaker and writer on political questions. She is a very good lecturer among the people on popular subjects. On my left side sits Mrs." Hedvig Gebhard, the only woman in the diet Whose husband also is elected. He sits in front of her. Mrs. Gebhard's speand social politics. cialty is At her side sits Miss Ida Vemmelpuu, teacher in a l7olk school and chairman of a Woman's Rights Association. Lower down sits Mrs. Lisi Kivioja, the wife of a minister, and Mrs. Evelina the wife of a peasant. These all belong as I do to the "Finnish Party," A little further on to the right sit Miss Hagman and Miss Nissinen, both school principals, Miss Hagman of a Lyceum, Miss Nissinen of a preparatory school. Both belong to the "Young Finnish Party' and both are also writers on social subjects. Miss Hagman also is Kaki-kosk- Ala-Kulj- , u, nal a pioneer in the co-educati- . Still more to the right sits Miss Dagmar Neovius, , S - e But be mine' be yours, tread !a.rfked by or and 'tis 'tis more than dream; of-patie- nt: feet, v for evermore," there in grander key. the 'twere Here; WGrC " -- wnHMtnere-asif And 7n 4lledeem.ed bave.equal parts, In a???ls sing in grand acclaim, 6unea bliss in "Life for Evermore!" H. W. Naisbitt. the ami S?. hiTr Jlfe. the other woman member! is a social, democrat- -a washerwoman To this committee most of the questions on reform 'in the laws concerning of womea are 'sejitFrom this Pomt we women are able to do washerBut this fact-th- e Law Com- woman on the Parliamentary Shing. mittee explains perhaps in some'degree to foreign ersrthe-so- rt of difficTiltiesvhicrr arise for us women, because, we have received parliamentary eligibility at the same time as universal suffrage and universal eligibility were introduced. We have also got this new right at a time when the parties are very bitter against each other: For both these reasons there may rise difficulties', even disabilities, which are an outcome of the facts mentioned above,.not of Women's Suffrage and eligibility, as such, but which will be counted as results of both these reforms. To explain this, an account of the present state of the parties would be needed, butsuch an explanation would take too much of the Englishwoman's Review ' space. June 1. Today the 'large committee" was elected. Four women became members. . 1. It is yet too early to say anyJuly about the women's work in the thing Diet But so much can be said, that the beginning is good, inasmuch as twenty-seve- n women have been elected members in the different committees, twelve of them proxies. In this Diet there are the following, committees appointed: "The great committee,"' committees on constitution, finance, bank affairs, railways, law, economics, social and agrarian questions. . A fact which I think shows a weak point is, that sometimes women have been elected, not because they know anything concerning the questions which the committee will have to deal with, but just because they are women, or to fill a vacancy. This is especially the case with some of the social democratic election?. It is impossible that a seamstress can be a suitable person to sit on the committee on constitution, or" a factory girl on the finance committee, as is now the case. And when the Diet has come to an end, people will perhaps say, ''Why, women have shown now that it is of no. use to have them in Parliament." But how very different a position we should have, if we had women lawyers on the commit-te- e orilaw and women bankers or prominent business women on the committee on finance. An encouraging point is, that the petitions and bills brought in by women all, without a single exception, dealt with questions concerning changes in laws about women and children, social purity, education and other ethical questions. Women appeared very little in purely party questions, although they "showed their colors" by signing petitions together with men, and voted with their parties on important questions. The, bills brought in asked for: (1) Raising the marriage age from 15 to 18 years; (2) majority and for the. married women. property-righ- t The petitions brought in asked for: (1) for the Majority and property-rigmarried women (three different petitions); (2) legal right for the married wcrnan-t- o own her children (twapetitions) ; (3) reforms in the legal position of chuV . co-operati- on from the Swedish party, also a teacher. To the left sits one of the social demoThe cratic women, whom I do not know yet; prayer and benison' arose to heaven if Aj inspired, its words subdued to tears! they have, all of them, only worked a? throng passed out into ths Sabbath street; agitators in their own party arid are me souls were hushed to peace and holy joy, chiefly known by that. With the excep0h 'twas lost that thought; tT tion of Mrs. Parssinen, who is a folk thrilling voice, its music and its power, school teacher, none of therri are what is nothing felt, or heard; saw not, cared not, . W aa no dream there of ."Life for Evermore!" called educated women. Most of them are former servants, seamstresses or fac' Joying m business martsin social cheer; tory girls. It must be said that we woTn!5a,.,,a twt,,and on sleepless couch; men are very delicately treated. We have midnight dreams; that mighty organ peal, a special room in pale oak and green. at heavenly choir hath echoed all around, n Among the electors are five women, two worship, when alone, when crowds were by , ioe sacre n hiirko c ut i.iir of them proxies. , oi luai nour, And siarumg committees ten strangely moving mood, the same heart On the rarliamentary women (some of them fifteen e m wrds rang, Oh, "Life for Evermore!" are elected I fear that we shall not be able proxies), so to do much in the committees because ?! Praise God for music and for moods, much of the work needs special knowlbranches of For Snhts for Him, for Inspiration's touch!"edge in law and in different social political subjects, which hithertout fland flashing,hope today; Thave beenlittlIludid among women.-Band alluring thoughts; rstlve iUZ earthlife, shilow at its best! our chief mission will be to take cares tw of a brighter day r!Sl-fncof women's interests in the different ques-tmn,Which tells of "Life for Evermore !H I sit on the Committee on Law. Thf-Sf- State and the Nation, No. 2 Alexaliatartpcbefg; Finland. Biograpby:-Kac- the. Home, the SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, JULY, 1907. V0L36 from h,uhl U a Pow cr to letter . ht -- 