: - v ..- - ' i i VOMAN'S . famed men received their first impressions from' their mothers. Through obedience to the commandment given to multiply and replenish the earth, she carried under her heart until the little body was matured, and came forth-.tfill his place in lif e's great battle, that 'the world should be. better that he was born. Ask whence came our great that man-chil- d mathema-"trciafl5.VenrfeA-whopra- -- this- ise won-- , derfuf man of figures ever think of the -, patient, obedient, plodding mother, attending to her household duties, studying ITut the intricate pattern of a bedspread she was weaving perhaps, while on her -- bed in the dark hours of night," thinking how to weave each thread, not to mar the beautiful pattern; but these thoughts and impressions made by the mother of ten develop in the child characteristics that tend to show what 'the prenatal influences and environment have been, as many mothers have testified; though great men, students of physiology and doctors.may smile at this crude reasoning of "the mothers in.this regard. hand that It has been truly said; ' rocks the cradle rules the world," yet woman yields willing obedience and ac- knowledges man - as the head of the home. - Why isthis? The best answer to my mind is, God willed it so- - The children obey their parents because it is right they should, to promote and maintain good order in the home, each one attending to the duties assigned her or him according to the child's age and ability. We all love the obedient ehild; willing obedience comes through love and kindness' more often than by means of harsh .measures or strong language. In my experience I have seen many children with grieved hearts, eyes filled with tears,, lips quivering, because of cruel words spoken in anger thoughtlessly. And how many mother'shearts have ached waiting for the kind words that were never spoken, only women can answer. And again; cruel words spoken or blows inflicted' by angry fathers, have driven many a child from the protection of the home, from the patient love of the mother or sister, just at a time when the rebellious, outraged, resentful spirit needed their influence most; driven out to seek that which was denied them at home, where .they had a right to expect love and tenderness. Be careful, .young mothers, the time will come when we will be called to render an account of these things. Women should not shrink from the responsibities of motherhood because of trials. Why desire to settle down to the narrow, selfish life,' disregarding nature's laws and the commandmentts of God? Children may bring you the greatest joy of your Jife; but if not properly xontroled they may bring you the greatest sorrow; for who can cause us greater grief than one of our own dear ones? strong-willedisobedient, deaf to the eounsel of a loving mother, that has done the best she knew. Sad indeed are these conditions',' but the Lord will help and many times through prayer, great changes have taken place in our families, for those who put their trust in Him.for He doeth all things well, and makes no mistakes- - " Mothers, he wrongs to meet, our brains would sleep, our muscles grow weak; our troubles are. our blessings, as our enemies are our best, friends they, hold our shortcomings up to view in such a distorted light that we and gladly turn from all our weaknesses - grow better and wiser. Gur enemies in the past have persecuted and driven the Saints from their homes andcivilization; yet we have grown stronger and better off in all respects; yet they have followed us hither, and are not content to leave us to ourselves. There are many instances otcourage and. heroism that might be given of those who have borne the burden and heat of the day, and who through obedience have made sacrifices that were hard to endure, yet have borne all patiently in faith and humility. History - will record many of the brave deeds of the Saints; but all cannot be told; the angels who are watching are "silent notes taking," and the faithful and true and tried will triumph, and no power can hinder those who stand for truth, and righteousness from obtaining the reward of obedience to the Gospel- "Obedience is the Christian's crown." - take on new courage.facethe difficulties of life bravely, and your reward will be sure. If weTdo not meet good and evil; how can we test How can we overcome obstacles if there are no' bur-strength- X ? t -- RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. -- d, .- EXtoNENT- MILLARD STAKE. Relief Society Conference of Millard Stake-wa- s held at Deseret, November i, 1907, President Isabella E- - Robison preThere were present besides a siding. good representation of Society workers, Sisters Carrie S. Thomas and Rebecca Nibley of the General Board, Apostle Francis M. Lyman, President A. A- Hinck. ley and counselors of the stake presiden- -' cy; and also a number of bishops. After the opening exercises, Prest I. E. Robison made a few- opening remarks. She was much pleased to have an Apcstle in attendance, also the sisters from the General Board. Said the Deseret Relief Society hall, which had just been completed, would be dedicated during this - - meeting. r The following presidents: Amelia '. . ' of-Wis- , efcTTlhe ddicaforyprayerandbenedrc-- ' " tion were pronounced by Apostle Lyman. ' Conference continued in an evening session, Presjdnt Jsabella E. Robison presiding. Singing and prayer. Sisters Ada Wood of Holden, Lovell of Oak City, Emily Thompson of Scipio. and Elmira Styler pf Oasis, each reported her Society in good condition, working in the cause.. helping the needy and caring for the sick. "Prest. I. E. Robison said, the Relief Society of Millard stake had paid annual dues; each Society should hold monthly board meetings; gave some instructions about making reports and keeping correct records. , Sister Rebecca Nibley said the president's reports today had hee'n very gratifying to her; if showed that the sisters were alive to their calling; thought there had been much good accomplished by sending missionaries from the General Board; gave some of her experience in the missionary. work; spoke of the Nurse Class as a good thing for our girls, as it gave them great opportunities for helping others. Sister Carrie, S. Thomas referred to the History being issued by the Relief Society, and explained why it had-nobeen published. We have had good instructions, are we going to profit by it? If we do not, inspiration is no good to us. Endorsed the remark's of Apostle Lyman this afternoon, especially on the Word of Wisdom the Lord knows what is good for his children. Prest- Robison mdde a few closing remarks; benediction by Amelia A. Bennett, Sec " . t - Cahoon-Marinda- " NOTES AND NEWS. Richards addressed the, Massachusetts Library Club at its meeting in Melrose recently, on the best reading for children. ' She recommended a liberal diet of poetry, from Chaucer to Kipling; travels, historical works, Shakes-perthe Bible, Pilgrim's Progress, and plenty of fairy tales like those of Grimm and Hans Andersen, my part, said Mrs. RichardsI should'not want to have anything to do with a child nor a who does not. like fairy tales. grown-u- p She held that books describing noble Mrs. Laura E- - -- e, "For deeds were especially good for children, and urged librarians to burn up books that give gruesome and unnatural .views :" of life. . ' ' . V '' dom, A. Cahoon of Deseret; Melissa Olsen of Fill more, Naomi Theobald of Hinckley, Mathilda Overson of Leamington each reported her respective society in good condition; they were caringfor sick and poor, storing grain, and working for the advancement of the good cause. Sister Carrie S. Thomas was pleased to see the brethren present, as it gave strength when speaking. It is a marvel how the sisters accomplish so- much in building halls and granaries, caring for the sick and needy, and many other things. The Nurse Class is accomplishing much good, and also the mother's work. It is better to study the child than the book. "Our religion is a practical, every day religion, and if we cannot study all the books, may God help us-t- o "care for the babies intelligently." v. A Sister Nibley spoke of her early experience in the work;, advised the., young mothers to teach their children to pray,' also to pay tithing, and keep the Word of Wisdom,that they may gain the blessings of the Lord; for there is nothing worth living for, outside of the gospel ot Jesus : Christ. The general and stake officers of "the Relief Society were then snstained - Apostle F. M. Lyman spoke at length on the duties of sisters in the Relief Society, also on tithing, prayer, the Word and 'the necessity of mothers setting good examples before their children; related sorheof his experiences in early life, and said every sister in the Church should belong to the Relief Society and attend as much as possible. After singing "Oj say what is truth,'' HIS MESSAGE. Tossing in rapture each crest on the wave, Lashing the shore with its spray; . Ever the deep, deep song of the sea, Sad, solemn and sweet al way. Bursting in song, thrilling each heart, ' Filling green woodland and glen; Comes His glad message of love," "reace-oi- r earthy good wilt n v to-me- Salt Lake City, Utah. Louise Coulso. 