.5 v ? .tfyr.'-v.ii- M .. i '. .:.lr-V- ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. stage, and all the men'and women merely players; they have their exits and their the of of creation the Genesis in read also entrances, and one man in his time, plays of the field herbs. plant and "Every plants many parts, hisactsbeing seven ages.' herb in the and.every earth, was it before We most of us believe in Shakespeare, - of the field before it grew." And further, the Governor. .extent those who thinks Bacon . "And I the Lord God had created all the and I am not one who does, As woman took the lead in the great Shakespeare, children of men, ?and not yet a man to and even if it were so, I prefer the truth,' till the ground, for in heaven created I drama in the Garden of Eden and the if it is pile, the other side takes away -- 1 h e m rnd thereYa5Qty e tJkshjJo n curse followed, and she suffered the con the earth neither in the water, nor in. sequences; the daughters of Evewitf, we terly. destroys : the beautiful past. To the air; but I the Lord God, spake and think, be instrumental in a great measure pull down Shakespeare arid put up, Ih there .went a mist from the earth and through the. Gospel, in effecting the con is a cruel mockery. -- watered -- the hole-face-oL. the grouhcL--An" One can scarcely enter in a philosophic wherever it exists I the Lord God, formed man from Christianity, cal sense why a woman should dethe dust of the ground and breathed into ameliorates the condition of woman, but sire to beupon a "Mormon" without going his nostrils the breath of life, and man no vital power has yet redeemed her from back into the history of (he past. I am Woman in all countries became a living soul, the first flesh upon the curse, aware that in. this progressive age that the earth, .the first man also; neverthe-Iac- c' wields directly or indirectly the moving backward is out of fashion, yet all thinp-- were before created but influence for good or ill. History shows looking I must in order to explain matters satspiritually were they created and made that so long as woman maintained honor, isfactorily go back to the early days of virtue and purity, grace and dignity as a according to m'y word." the Church, the world calls "Mormon " had nation that wife and permamother, are there yet We believe .many spirits In the- opening of this paper, I spoke of forth upon this nency and influence-Her- e come to (yes waiting) the Gospel, its introduction and of Joseph let me say the curse was not per- Smith earth in this dispensation, before" the receiving the priesthood. Now I Millennium, and that they have a right to petual, andjthat Eye was a willing instruam going to tell you of something which and also to have a body for ment in effecting a grand purpose for the be well-bortranspired, previous to the Gospel's being their spirits to dwell in, free from disease ultimate good of the human family,. God " brought to Kirtland, Ohio; the first gathhad so ordained. and evil, if possible. ering place and where the first temple In the meridian of time the. Savior was built. We believe in redemption from the curse placed upon woman. If you ask came, and introduced the Gospel, "which It was a vision and I shall give it in the reour of is a it and tell we unto before was part Abraham," you preached why, words'of the woman who had the manito it to are we had and when men centuries bring after working ligion, many festation, and I have heard it many times to are all things changed its ordinances anoV broken the from her own lips. pass. In the last days, in the were beginning. everlasting covenant, the Savion came be restored as they "My husband, Newel K. Whitney, and with Adam, though through i. woman who had to suffer beEve was created equal myself, were Campbellites. We had been Adam was firstrr Genesis r: 2 7, " So God cause of the manner of His birth, though baptized for the remission of sins, and created mail in His own image, in the one cannot help feeling she had spiritual believed in the laying on of hands and image of God created He him, male and v recompense and consciousness of, knowlthe gift of the spirit. But there was no female created He them." , In verse 28, edge others knew not of, yet it was a with authority to confer the Holy God said, "Be. fruitful, and multiply and woman who brought it about (or through ope Ghost upon us.,; We were seeking to subdue and and it, the for a woman) this atonement Adam's sin; know how to obtain the spirit and the earth, " replenish have dominion," etc. Woman then was certainly, we know God foreordained this bestowed upon the ancient Saints-Onalso given dominion. 'After the fall, in atonement, the .Bible gives abundant gifts night, it was midnight, as my hus16. said God to verse woman, woman took again band and I in our house in Kirtland were chapter 3, proof, nevertheless, "In sorrow shalt thou bring forth chil- this prominent part, and again afterwards. praying the Father to be shown the dren, and thy desire shall he to thy hus- Mary Magdalene and the other Mary were way, the'to, spirit rested upon us and a cloud band, and he shall rule over thee." plain- the first to go and tell the disciples that overshadowed the house. It was as In risen. ly showing it had not been so in the behad Jesus Matthew, chapter though we were out of doors. The house as And verse ginning. 9, xxvin, they went to tell passed away fromour vision. We were Woman will be'redeemed from that His disciples, behold Jesus met them, saynot conscious of anything but the pres"All and the shines cafne sun or and as sure held the as ing, hail," curser they ence, of the spirit and the cloud that was Lord lives. And the man and the woman Him by the feet and worshiped Him. 10, over us; We saw the cloud, and felt the Then said Jesus unto them, "Be not will be equal, except there must necesis afraid; go tell my brethren, that they go voice out of the cloud sarily always be a first, and the man 'Prepare to ' into Galilee and there they shall see me." receive the word of saying; . first, the Lord for it is of view In all these and wothings termed Church In the "Mormon," many coming!' At this we marveled greatly, how can one more, aswoman Church in all voted thinking have help men always but from that moment we knew that the will have some vital in the to all on part great word of the Lord was coming to Kirtsemblies, questions relating of work her ' own. freeas the land. ' redeeming sex, or spiritual matters, just -temporal cf when she has played Eve, ly as men, therefore it was not strange daughters This kind of vision is spoken of by the so a conspicuous partfirst in the Garden ancient Hebrews or Israelites that equal suffrage should .be accorded to the sacred n of t i i -- ' - ...1 our women at an early period. In fact, of Eden; and as in the great "drama ' wdo covenaui inDeruea ine pcupie is world the inwoman and with has been a the woman suffrage is in keeping of the Voice." This is said "Daughter active so it vital, will in .force, and be at the 10 De stitutions of Mormonism harmony sons ana aaugu- traamon ine ot.tne close the most sublime inpf drama of was one ever therewith. Brigham Young TJ arc Ul mil Vt r( JTii4lAiU WCVCl 11113 MlftX UUdU. iwa troduced of men the and woman in upon any stage, the most progressive her soon, aftpr thi! rpmartaWp pvpnt: the GoS- age, and will rise was purity woman talked victorimoment the magnanimity suffrage :J finished the part assigned her pel came to Kirtlan(. ous, it. having favored The then he legislature of, in session in the winter of 1869 and 1870. and made restitution.; Redeemed from Ui 1 liNUJii-'- ! LIU the curse, her triumph, her son? nf vir. passedlTbill giving women equal suffrage, and the Hon. Abraham O. Smcot (father tory.will be greater and loftier far than of Senator Reed Smoot whose seat in the iuinam s or ueooran s ot old."""" Senate of the United States, is now be- Shakespeare said, "All the world's a Miss Anna' Whitlock, president of the National Woman Suffrage Assocfation of Sweden, has organized in Stockholm a course, of lectures for women on citizenship. The lectures are given twice a week, and. are attended by two or three 67, 69, 71 Main LakeGity, Utah Tickets hundfedwomenrair WEARE IN OUR NEW STORE, and solid, your. We aim io.give you for working women are issued at: a re- -, patronage. duced price. Eminent speakers, both 1 1 1 men and women, give their services. .. tabernacles of flesh upon this earth. e. ing contested), vas the man who. introduced the bill, which passed, as you doubtless know, and was signed by the Secretary of State, theHon. S. A. Mann, then Acting Governor in the absence of uT-nf- l -- redem- -w- ption-of.womarillrdmtheicurse.; so-call- ed, -- -- s - n e . ;;r 1 t" - ..-1- ... 'lJ - ' R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. St, Salt , 1 ; ' 