.-,.- . , '" Latter-da- y spoke of the great effort that had been ticing physicians, so far as the Saints are concerned, . unless steps put forth in the erection of their new 11U1 UUV.(J.JIIUJk meeting house, prayed for the spirit of dental: Our Relief Society organiza are taken to call othersthe-ve-to this profes-a the Lord to be with us on this occasion, ry least,, - sion, as it requires at tions. are not confined in their ministra.' in a noble cause. .. i rirr v j: r .t nnnr rn i :i iiuijic: nmnnrr rro high school education in order to enter we are working President- Wall reported; Santaquin four years to lor me sick, ii oiner iiuubenuiu ucip i medical colleges, and then ward. She had a band of willing sisters needed during the time of affliction, oth- complete the course. to do their duty, also said that a mothers Very properly. I think, the Relief ers besides a nurse may be called upon V lillf-or- , i. U i r C.if InJtf ifip auspices-weare-m- et a L UnKIn rrntl- initiative in was the only one living in that ward, that you nurses,,your duty is to your patient here to day, could take the "we not to the rest of the household. Sub- this matter and search out young women knew the Prophet Joseph Smith, if in the Lord we are should all be one who could take up this profession. ordinate everv other consideration. enhis." not not one we are I feel a perfect freedom in giving Judging" from'" the experience of our Sister Ferguson, President of Lake nurses in the past, you will be tempted couragement' to women to take up the in her report, they had by monetary considerations to abandon profession of medicine and of nursing, Shore ward gave 'or slight your obligations as a Relief So- because in doing so, I but urge them to a hard time in winter on account of bad ciety nurse. Let me admonish you not. engage in the noblest, most useful calling roads and their scattered condition. And this not Payson, first ward, reported by Sister to yield to such temptation. And re- which women can follow. Alispach, they have on hand among member this movement was instituted only because it is good to relieve sufferother things 56 dollars missionary fund, especially to supply nurses for charity ing and nurse people from pain and sickwork, and for those people who can not ness back to ease and health, but for the she enjoyed her labors in Relief Society work, said may God help us to be faithful afford to pay $15 pr $25 a week, but who reason of the moral power these profescan pay, and want to pay $3, $5 or $6 a sions enable them to use. If you except and firm in the Gospel. week. You are in honor bound to nurse perhaps the occupation of the priest, Payson, second ward, President Ellsfor these prices whenever it is necessary there is no other calling which brings worth said "we are engaged in the work of the Lord." 36 dollars missionary fund during the time stated in your contract. men and women into such close relationThis should be regarded as missionary ship to their fellbws as the ministration on hand gave, it to the bishop to use as service and-th- e work should be done of the physician and the nurse, and that needed for the missionaries. skillfully, cheerfully, willingly, lovingly, at a time when those with whom they Song, Lois Mace. and as service-ithe Church of Christ, come in contact are in such condition as Sister Evans spoke on the Relief Soin that spirit that should and does charto be influenced for good. The physical ciety conference, held in Salt Lake City, acterize all real service rendered to hu- powers are somewhat weakened, and unApril 4th, referred particularly to a speech der such conditions, the mind is more made by Sister Dusenberry and spoke of manity in the name of the Master. Nor should this service be rendered in open 7to moral and spiritual influences the welcome speech by President B- W. Smith "it was a mistake in thinking that any sectarian spirit to members of your than at other times. own church only, for, as God causes his none but elderly sisters should belong to During the period of illness and consun to shine on both the evil and the valescence, the physician and nurse have the Relief Society. ; Rec. Sister Nora Hone, "Selling the good, and the rain to fall upon the just their opportunity for influencing for good and the unjust alike; so. should your the. lives of those who come under their Farm." and I am confident from both charity services be given. It. must be watch-carBishop Johnson said how pleased he for is observation and experience that there Vad IU 1UC.CI Willi you to know that there enough IVtlltl '"'VJWt.ljr and sickness combined and that are few" who have greater chances for bea poverty said he was not stranger in the sotrs, in called are you upon your professional ing a power that makes for righteousness ciety in his ward, spoke on the society to relieve it. Time would in this world than the conscientious God- work, he had been fed and clothed by capacity help fail me to say all that I would desire to fearing physician. I am happy to say strangers while on a mission, he did not to I so anxious am that say you you that in the great majority of cases, it is think that sisters could be good members should succeed and perpetuate in your my firm conviction that the men and woof the Church and not belong to the Relief work the spirit of. the Relief Society, men of my profession avail themselves of Society, welcomed all to his ward. movement that has been so dear to me their opportunities and are a real moral llCblUCUt L1AUU fetivc a 1CW HUIUJ ui both in its inception and development force in society. Nurses with opportunencouragement. up to this time. It is an undertaking, if ities well-hig- h Closed by singing, "Our God we raise equal, can be, and I beI may be so bold as to say it that is most lieve for the most part are also a moral to Thee-in keeping both with the name and the ppwer. I feel sure that this class now Prayer by Brother Alpheus Bingham- mission of that first and what well might graduating are capable of this moral J be the greatest auxiliary organization of service in the families and the high communim. conterence reconvenes clock 20 p. the Church, the Relief Society. ty where they will practice their profesPresident Eliza J. Dixon presiding. SingDnP ntVlPT tJimiorVlf T foal tr sion. None of the classes which I have ing, Prayer by Brother William Stewart, voice, though not immediately con- - taught and who have graduated under singing. ; 4 t J..i! anaJ amies the auspices of the Relief vviiu iicuicu till yum grauuauon, Sister Kappel .pi. the stake presidency Society have as nurses. Some years ago, President had so good as this class opportunities some of the conference news, said Brigham Young recognizing the fact that and none have made better use of their gave we should prepare ourselves for thecom- in some deDartments nf fhp nhvcfrian'c advantages. I am well satisfied with the oi tne savior, spoKe 01 rrcMucm calling, namely, obstetrics and children's intellectual and moral status of these ing Tn5. P SmitVi'c mpecaerp fn thft world diseases, it was possible for women to graduates, and l am confident that Sister Emily Bingham read a paper on they perform the service as well as, if not are capable of efficiency in the practice nursing and nurse work, even .better than men physicians, and of their and also in their abiliprofession, Quartett bv Sister Hazel Ludlow and' urged a number of younef women to ty for being moral forces whereever their qualify for that profession in some of lot may be cast. To this labor so broad others. read by Sister Morrison on Paper the medical colleges .in the East. In in its scope, so full of possibilities f or "Motherhood and Child Culture." response to this advir.fi and pnrnnmcyorl good, I commend you, nurses,, with all Rrmvn nf trip .Stake Board by him, several of the young Utah wo- - mv heart. x . i J m on txrorif T? J spoke on Relief Society work. T' crave Patriarch. Evans the conference. for some years : have practiced their nro- . . some good instructions; i.it gave di. fessionin the state- I observe, however, pleasure to listen to the remarks of the that none of our young women seem RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. sisters, spoke on race suicide and its ambitious to succeed them in their work, J. in another life. nor are they; so far as I know, receivMinutes of the quarterly conference of consequences Dixon spoke on the 58 sec. of Sister ing any encouragement to do so. the Nebo Stake Relief Socity held at Ben" Doc. and Cov. Believing, hwever, in the inspiration Closed by the choir singing an anthem, that prompted President Brigham Young jamin meeting house, Utah, April 26, 1907. President'Eliza J. Dixon presiding: "Sun of my soul. " L to move in this matter. I .venture to call alter the opening exercises, Sister BingBenediction by Brother Henry Hone. attention to the' subject on this occasion. President of ham, Benjamin ward, spoke We shall soon bevithout Eliza A, Hawkins, hdy prac- - a few words of welcome. Sister Dixon Cor. Sec. " shall bring its . relief. JAp.Mrs ... . else a z 1 1 . 1 1 1 1 - I ' ' t--r 1 n - e; " 4 . - Vft 1 J . r.-J- --- l . - , . :v-- 