WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . .. :. ..r. KAf ship builder in other ...... - , . - - . . . ot nun He was 61 The younger Miss Anthony was a character, and was not as is often said, a supplement to Susan.rbut she was one witfi her sister in 'her work and Mrs. 'GreenTeaf, in her address at the funeral said, among other- - remarks. T revered Susan as the grandest woman I ever knew. She was my- inspirer, my I but bister loved as I have Mary guide; loved few women. She was one of the most perfect examples of a truly feminine soul I have ever met. Most modest and unassuming, gentle and loving, stanchest of friends, tenderest of daughters, brave and inflexible in the defense of what she believed to be" right." .Miss Mar v Anthony was present at the first Woman's Rights Conxentonheld m Seneca Falls. New York, in July, I848, of whomlhere are now very few remaining. Miss Mary Anthony was born April 2, places. of the Court in 1665, General a member when the colonial government made resistance to the commissioners sent over Four of Mr. Stevens neighby the king. bors testified in a quarterly court in Salem in 1667. "that he had said he would bear no office where Charles Stuart; had he careno' more for anlhingJpjdond Stuart-as-kithan any "other Charles man, and that he. abhorred the name of Charles Stuart." For this offence he was imprisoned -- forgone month! and "fined twenty pounds and costs of trial, and was deprived of his privileges as a freeman. Like others who rebelled against the and ia.iledin.pros-- . perity. Itis said there is no .record of his death or a settlement of his estate. It appears, however, that he married and had seven children." The book contains a 1827, so at her death she was seventy-nin- e record of the births. One, James Stevens, years, eight months and three days old. The whole city of Rochester, it is a deacon of the church at Gloucester, married Susan Evelyth, also Samuel, said, laid its tribute of honor on Mary married Mary Elery. Anthony's bier because of the importance There are many interesting items such of her work in education, not only in the as these contained in the book, but we capacity of her service as a teacher many have given this aa marking the advent of years, and of a principal in public schools, the first of Sister Elvira's progenitors in but her untiring faithfulness and devotion in her work for the poor and needy. America. Whether she is directly descended from this Mr. Stevens we are not sure, Blessed be her memory forever. of but he is a good specimen the Puritans who came over about that time and from whom the colonies were largely peopled. The author has shown great perseverEDITORIAL NOTES. of in ance making so creditable a showing her ancestry, and we were pleased to see The sisters and women generally that she had made mention of some who throughout the west have probably nohave made a good record in this Church. ticed that the governors in the - several Dr. Barney has made her own way in states are making appointments for the the world, being left an orphan about. the great National American Arbitration and time of the exodus from Nauvoo, and by Peace Conference to be held in New York her own exertions and economy has built City the middle of April, of this- year. and furnished four houses of her ownl Some of us who have for eight years now These resideuces were all built in Salt taken part in helping to sow the seeds of Lake City, and are probably all still peace and holding peace meetings in all standing. The photos of the places are the wards throughout the entire Relief shown in the book. Few women living Society in all its branches here and elsehave done as much by their own industry where, feel great interest in this coming conference and ardently hope that such a and she is certainly deserving of honorable mention, not only for building perpowerful impression may be made upon manent habitations, but for effective the ereat. the influential, the public-spi- r work she has done in other directions for ited men of .our nation, that its influence women and children. One' of her splendid mavDermeate the world. The Governor of Utah has appointed several delegates characteristics is "her loyalty to the Gosto attend this conference, and it is greatly pel, and to those to whom she- - has be come endeared in the bonds of sisterhood. to be desired that they may return with We recommend the book to those interhelpfal suggestions for the peace meetested in genealogical work, and trust she ings to be held in May under the auspices will enjoy the fruits of her labor and reap of the women's organizations. as pur-Pos- e. ng . king,-he-lost-presti- , ge - . a glorious reward hereafter! and Referring to entertainments parties given during the past winter that SUSAN AND MARY ANTHONY. ' Miss Mary S. Anthony beloved and only sister of Miss Susan B. Anthony departed this life at the old Anthony home in Rochester, New York, Tuesday, February 5, 1907, her funeral was held. on Tfc ursday, February 7, many glowing tributes of love g and esteem were paid by devoted friends. .The attendance was very large. The casket was of dove color and reposed under a burden of white roses and calla lilies, and about the foot it was draped the stars and stripes. Old hymns were played and sung, the scripture reading was from I Corinthians 15th chapter. Miss Mary was laid to rest in Mount Hope the illustrious cemetery beside Susan B. Anthony! life-lon- - her-Sist- er are of special interest, we ought certainly to mention in passing the Pioneer ball given by the. officers of that Societv, in the Lion House, January 31, 1907. and made specially significant o in which many by the dances of long-agas well as younger "people, participated- - The ladies were requested costumes, and the to come in greater number compliedr many of them.' were very quainr, ana siyiibu u wen, auu fWQ were nlain and simple, and woolen. style, some homespun, ilk olden time, Some quite elaborate of "ye a very great variety. The ball opened with a grand march led by President Joseph t? Qmifh and' wife, the enjoyment was fellow j very general and a spirit ofgood even- ship wa"s apparent" throughout-theold-fashio- ned old-timer- . s, old-fashion- ed old-pione- er Mng-- v iae .supper consisted ol, oiaAu&z tMKC life was quite successfully carried but, and refreshments, in fact ' the committee must have been gratified in having afforded so much genuine pleas- ure totheguestswho came Jby special invitation. The Lion House was decidedly popular as a place of entertainment. informer daysrbuthadTf alien irttodisjiseof -- li!L veaJJf DUt seemr-uo- w - to have- - re- gained its" former po"puTanty. TO THE RELIEF SOCIETY SISTERS. dear blessed sisters of the Relief. Society, there is a subject that weighs heavily on my mind, and as I think there My are not many fyouvho rare notiif some-wa- y interested in the causeI desire to commune with you today. I say blessed sisters, for are we not blest indeed to have our names enrolled in this grand and institution, and although we are scattered far and wide, we have a medium, in the dear Exponent of communicating with each other. I do not remember the organization of the Relief Society and the first year of its courser-fo- r we were in England at the time, but from the commencement of their public meetings the second year, I have watched the progress until the present time. 1 well remember.thtfgrand things that were predicted, and the great work given this society to perform, and the spirit of it has remained with me ever since, and been a great help to me in the duties of life. And while marvelous things have alreadv been. accomplished the future will eclipse all. The mission of the Relief Society Avill never be finished while there isa want to relieve, spiritual as well as temporal. I wondered in those early days if I would live to see those glorious times that had been predicted, and I have rejoiced greatly, and my eyes have been filled with happy tears as I have read of the spread of the Gospel, and the growth of the Relief Society even unto the islands of the sea. Then rejoice in your hearts, dear sisters, for your standing in this great organization, for has not the Prophet said that it was for the pure in heart, the virtuous, and none others? And one of our good brethren has said that if we were approved of our companions, our family, and our associates, we were very likely to be approved of pur God. This has been a great comfort to me as a rule to go by, and I feel like being very careful not to offend any. .And we read that "another book was opened," and sisters when the Relief Society records are opened arid our names are found there in good standing it will be a happy tfmejndeed for us, and I trust we will all have "something in them to recommend us.' The influencethat a Latter-da- y Saint can yield is very great, and the humblest of us, sisters, can find much to do. If .we look about us with a prayerful heart and by the help of our Heavenly-Fathe- r wonders can be accomplished. And O, let us ever be found among the ''faithTpromoting series and never by word or look do anything to pull down. And now to my subject, the motherless children of Zion. My soul is drawn out in anguish at their great loss, and their numbers, and there is not . but more are added,to.tb e a week-passe- s God-give- n . all-import- ant . 