eiMoMKN's Exponent. -- The Ballot in the hands of the Women of Vtah should be a Tower to letter ihe Iloine, the Stale and the Nation. ; SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, DECEMBER, 1907. Vol, 36 CONTENTS A BIRTHDAY .Lydia D. Alder Birthday Greeting....... Sister Louisa Norris Decker Obedience.... 33 A An old-tim- 35 Notes and News......r:....... .....v......34 Relief Society Reports: Millard Stake k 35 34 . 35 Malad Stake.... 38 Sevfer Stake... .1 Mor.Why a Woman Should Desire to be a :.. 39 mon Editorial: The Prophet Joseph's Birthday . . 36 In Mtraoriam..... Holly and Easter Lilies Christmas Ajrain. Poetry: Respectfully Inscribed to our Gifted Poet", Henry W.Naisbitt... Nelly Becroft Birthday Greetings to Elder Henry W. Naisbitt Lydia D. Alder Louise Coulson His Message......... Old Friends and Comrades A Likeness. , 37 3S 33 33 34 . Emraeline B. Wells 33 ...Alice Peet Bishop 35 ' Many Moods: RESPECTFULLY INSCRIBED TO OUR GIFTED POET, HENRY V. NAISBITJ. Sweet thy nearness to the "Golden shore," Catching faint strains of "'Life for Evermore." Half hearing "Mother's 'voice" the "Anthem' swell, Of visions like to these, let pen still tell; Nor lay it yet aside, but as ye soar Near the 'Beyond ," thine inspirations pour On souls aweary, and where sorrows dwell. Thy gifted pen can soothe life's deepest pain, Can ease its cross, make clear its darkened way; Then signal us again and yet again, Till "Unlatched door" is reached, and Endless day On quickened vision bursts; there shalt thou reign A king, a priest, a God for aye and aye. For the Woman's Exponent fragrant' flower-- As offering now we bring So fair it bloomed in Eden's. bower, The choicest ot the springy This birthday thought we bring to thee, Ham nowers tnat ne er win iuc, Twined with it all the years to be The record tnus nasi maae. : love-- a Thyself thy foremost gift hath been Laid on the altar for His sake, 60 life eternal thus doth win, " When He thy gift shall take. And crenerations vet to be, Far down the stream of Time, Shall loving sing and speak of thee, Thy name for e'er will shine. Thy pathway is not dark e'en though Denied to thee the glad snn's rays; 4 For He is near who loved us so, And brightens all our days. He leadeth thee, whose ways are nght Into the endless day, "He bringetii thee from To dwell with Him alway. Lydia D. Alder. . . oaLthenigbt. The happiest time must have an end, The saddest pass away. So we leave him in his daughter's peaceful home, with touch of hands, who knows us but "by voice and memory.not by sight," taking with us here into nighi more than we had bestowed, . and the consciousness that in doing good ye are doubly blessed, and in blessing-blessingthe-star-r- v s return. -- 'Liht at Even-tide.- " L. D. A. . OBEDIENCE. No conqueror 'mid the world's applause. No monarch filled with regal pndeK So calmly waits as he who knows There's "Light it (Part of a lecture given by Sister Louisa Norris Decker in the 22nd ward Relief Society.)- Even-tide.- " True to his God, himself, the world; lion nobly, yet with peaceful pride, He points to Truth's white flag unfurled Mid "Light at Even-tide.- v " When failing pulse foretell that life Is ebbing on death's river side, with pleasure rife, , He Glad "Light at Even-tide.- " feels-around- Usherad by angel bands, who dwell Where heaven undimmed. its gates set wide, He needs no more that shade. which fell Nellie Becroft. A thought of h e d es i r e tlia t - Per--c- y should live, and carry the gospel tidings to he nations afar.- - A happy time of talking and blessing followed, all present wishing v Elder Naisbitt: many-mor- e birthdays as many as be desired; and then; all his heart craved in the Great Beyond. After dainty refreshments were served, the guests sang with spirit'Brother Nais-bitt- 's own inspiration, "How swift the months have passed away, the author when if was first sung in the recalling -Old Bowery." . . ELDER H. W NAISBITT. 1 Of life's experience, tested, tried, Enjoys in sunshine or in tears. But in BIRTHDAY GREETINGS -- How blessed that man, whose' well filled year 0 sightless Poet! say not yet farewell'' . fellow-missionari- es Henrv W- - Naisbitt. .The patriarch, with flawing white hair and sightless eyes, surrounded by his family and friends, reminded us of the Ancient of .Day?, whom we are told gathered his posterity around him., giving them of his wisdom and knowledge, and prophesying of the future, before he departed to another life. A hymn, "God moves in a mysterious way," was sung and commented upon. By request, Mrs. Lydia D. Alder read "The Birthday Floral Cross" and "There Shall be Light at .Eventide, from Elder Xaisbitt's book of poems, Rhymelets in 36 No. f land .v..a;,..:r:v.:v:.:.;, . - I e- - f u r t h e r - e x p re s sed GREETING." On Thursday evening, November" 7, e friends and 1907, a few on the Temple block assembled at the home of one who had spent many years of his life in the mission field, exhorting, writing and 'expounding the faith he embraced as a boy in another 33 Artistic Booklet..........; CHRISTMAS-NUMBER- Earth's "Light at Even-tide.- " In behalf of the assembled friends a nd some who could not be present, Brother Goddard presented the guest of honor with a warm house coat, expressing the desire that it should add. tu his comfort and be a reminder of our friendship and In closing, Solicitude for his welfare. Brother Goddard spoke impressively of Elder Naisbitt's splendid record, ever valiant for the truth, and of his gift the wisdom of a sage; adding his blessing, with that of thousands whom Brother Naisbitt has blessed, and among whom , he has labored. and weak his trembling, to feet, Rising his voice often choked with a tide of emotion, Brother. Naisbitt. responded with an been eloquence unspoken; to all that had done and said. At times he was reminisand. cent, speaking of days long one, who1 prophesying of the future x of those loved and served the Lord, Abiding faith in the gospel was, shown when he spoke of his youugest son, Perin an cy, who had recently been crushed tfc us far", is . "elevator, and "whose recovery a miracle, through faith in the Almightyv -- - : 7 - Obedience brings good order, disobedience confusion. The elements were obedient to God when He said, MLet there be light." The earth was created and all therein in obedience td His command. As all things have their opposite, right and wrong, joy and sorrow, light and darknessrobedience and disobedience being opposite, results of these:are in approval or condemnation. We are told that "obedience is better than sacrifice," and there has been many trying sacrifices made by our people in obedience tothe Gospel. My sisters could tell many tales of hardship, of sorrow, sickness, and death of loved ones, the. parting from homes, kindred and native land, iajl so dear to their hearts; yet for the truth and the principle of gathering to Zion, where the Saints can be united and receive many blessings, they have gladly made the sacrifice to listen to the teachings of our inspired leaders; and; obey their counsel for it is a privilege), even coming to our meetings and associating with our dear, kind sisters, sustaining our president, her counselors, and as we know them better : ' ,we love cares and responsibilities in being obedi ent to their calling, and we sustain tne them-more,---We"realizet- heir 7 hv mm faith and our presence. In history, very little is said of women. History treats on the wonderful achieve-of ments of great men; of the nobility their nature, the good they have done for the welfare of humanity, their good deeds have been applauded, they have in the good they have wrought obeyed the instinCtsof"a"n many instances;, but these great, far- - 