WOMAN'S EXPONENT. know so well may be proclaimed through a you to the world. For if there is place on earth where the pro per occasion .will l - ftirninrr cunfvlc: into i i . t- and spears into pruning hooks, that place is Utah." ; , bein and ladies gentlemen, ''And now, half of the state, I extend to you a hearty -- welcome;. I JislUhajLypugive jb peace movement in general and especially to what is done here today your cordial sanction and supnort. I take this opporortunity of thanking- thevarious local ganizations devoted to the cause of peace for the effective work they have done in this direction. To the ladies forming these organizations the thanks of the state are due. I am sure, I voice the sentiment of the people of Utah in saying in the words of the. great Sumner, "Let the bugles sound the truce, of God to the wjjole world lorever. Mrs. Ruth M. Fox made a very strong and effective appeal stirring the hearts of the audience by its simplicity and earnestness- She closed with these words: "Let us teach our children the love of peace and not of strif e." Walter Wallace rendered a solo, "The Lord is my Rev. Benjamin Young made a very eloquent speech and closed by paving the American Congress a high tribute of praise in forwarding the peace movement, and to Thedore Roosevelt whom he felt had done more than any man in this age for universal peace. Elder John Henry Smith's discourse was a powerful one, and appealed to the hearts of the people in stirring language, he said in part, "It is the dream of all our hearts that the day may come when the children of men may sense their responsibilities to posterity and the race, to be loving and kind to their fellows, and when all evidence of hate, of war and of vile desires shall be banished forever Then shall the millennium come,'' eic. Justice and mercy shall be the rule." Fred Graham sang a. solo from Elijah, "If With All Your Hearts." Rev. Elmer I. Goshen, in his brief remarks likened the peace movement to a king's helmet which is in two parts, the upper and. lower, and explained that peace and justice are the two parts of the helmet. His reasoning on the subject was very logical. Mrs. Plummer then sang, "The Flag tt hiiuui aiaui.' Elder J. M. Sjodahl. with some explanatory remarks and suggestions on the subject of universal peace and the evils of contention, presented the resolutions to be voted upon, and urged as a duty that every good citizen lepd active support' "to" the peace movement; ' , plow-share- s . - ; teace solutions. . Resolved, That in the opinion of this assemblyjt is the duty of the friends and advocates of peace everywhere! to unite nrmtv lor tne DurDosentr,nnAratinT-in- the dissemination of- - ri w r . , l ii ii me ueopie ireneraiiv oi tnp prwr wnrt beinT done nrena that' is r - - ra tnrv woW ilVjp and pray, to the dawning of the millennial day, in order that interest may be aroused in the efforts of statesmen and . r T liberal governments, that need popular support for the peace" measures thnt nr now before parliaments and congresses. Be it further effect is of rigorous the Resolved.. That, in order,to give tangi- of ideas, y- general ble expression to these views and senti- simplicitThe quarters, for the delegates will be ments, the president of this meeting, His something of a serious problem, as there Excellency. Governor John C7 Cutler, be is but one hotel within the city proper hereby requested to name' a committee fitted for entertaining distinguished diploconsisting of seven members, the governdes is Hotel the lndes, and is or to act as chairman ex officio, for the mats. This a splendidly appointed. purpose of considering and formulating, plan' of organization,. proposing a ofconsti-llrtBnTorpe'ace'SOc- and-nami- iety n ficers of the proposed organization; said committee to report to'' a subsequent meeting to be called by the chairman. Be it finally Resolved; that we, the members of this GENERAL CONFERENCE OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. The General Conference of the L. D.S. congregation, hereby humbly express our Relief Society was held in the Assembly heartfelt latitude to the Ruler of the destinies of mankind for the spirit of 1 Hall in this city on Thursday, April 4th. President Bathsheba W. Smith presiding. peace and gooa win inai.is uemg pumcu The music was under the direction of Sis- out in marked degree upon all flesh, at the present time; also our grateful appre Uer Lizzie Thomas Edward, musical di ciation of the faithful labor for peace and rector, and Sister Edna Corey, organist. arbitration that has been done in this After singing "How Firm a Foundation, state and elsewhere, especially under the etc.," prayer was. offered bv Sister ReE. Little. "Singing, "Where the auspices of the ladies of various organiza- becca of Voice Friendship's heard." Followed tions. After the resolutions were read Elder by a Greeting and Welcome from Presresponse by PresJ. M. Sjodahl, in a very graceful and ef- ident B. W.S. Smith and of Vreber Stake; a Richards fective speech, moved the adoption of the ident Jane resolutions, and the governor called for beauitful baritone solo, "Joseph The the vote, there was a full response and Prophet," was exquisitely rendered by the motion carried; after which His Ex- John Robinson, the hymn composed by cellency appointed a committee of seven himself. Remarks on Woman's Building by persons to take steps towards forming a Counselor Annie T. Hyde. permanent peace society in Utah. Prof. J. J. McLellan rendered an organ Reports were given from Blackfoot by President Lucy A. Steers; Bingham solo, and Elder Nephi W. Morris proElvira C. Steele; Fremont by nounced the benediction, and the assemPresident Matilda Flamm. bly adjourned sine die A duet "Holy Mother," by Misses CarSunday evening conjoint meetingsof the . were held rie Carr and Esther Conwel. Relief Society and in all "the wards throughout the various Reports from Hyrum Stake President stakes and missions of the Church. Re- Nellie C. Parkinson; Panguitch Stake ports of these meetings ' will be sent into president Hannah A. Crosby. A,yery beautiful violin solo was then headquarters and a full report prepared and forwarded to the chairman of the giyen by Prof. Shelton. Oneida Stake was reported by Prespeace committee in Boston, Mrs. Lucia ident Louisa B. Benson. Ames Mead. Counselor Ida S.Dusenberry gave an address which dealt with the mother and THE HAGUE CONFERENCE. . the home, very definitely. The Hague conference will be held this Morning session adjourned after singyear in a thirteenth century castle, "The ing "The Spirit of God," etc,, and beneHouse in the AVoods," it is said will be diction by Sister Rhoda Lyman. entirely too small, for the delegates repAfternoon session; President BathsheThe Dutch govresenting 46 countries. ernment decided to fit up the ancient ca- ba W. Smith presiding. .Singing "Zion stlelatterly known as "The Hall of Stands with Hills Surrounded," etc. Knights.". It stands in the center of a Prayer by Sister, Sarah Jenne Cannon. paved court, and is reached through half Singing, "O Ye Mountains II igh, " etc a dozen picturesque portals over which President Smith again Greeting and Welare chiseled the arms of the counts of coming the very large congregation asHolland. The hall in the interior is an sembled in which she pronounced a loveenormous one which, occupies the entire ly blessing upon the sisters engaged in. space within the structure in front and a .this charitable and benevolent-work- . series ot smaller rooms in 'the rear. The Sketches of eminent women were given large hall was the great banqueting room as follows: Emma Hale Smith by Julia of the counts and their knights, when they P. M. FarnSworth; Eliza R. Snow by Anmade merry during the hunting: season. nie Wells tannon, followed by the magHere is where the sessions of-tconfer nificent rendering of Sister Elizxs famous ence will be held. hymn. "O My Father" by Lizzie Tftomas Since 1702 the main hall has been used by the qu een for the ce remony of making by Elizabeth S. Wilcox, and of Bathshe the address of the throne to the houses ba W. Smith by JulinaTL: Smith;" These, of parliament in joint session. The hall were followed a tenor splo from Prof. by has a vaulted roof with huge beams' and Thomas Ashworth. rafters after"the Dritch fashion. The General Secretary Emmeline B. Wells desks are covered with green baize, and spoke the greatness arid grandeur of npdn the rostrum for the presiding officers in the Society and its achieveriients, urging front and at the back desks for the secre- the women to take part in the ac taries arranged inasemicirclerThe whole tive young work of this xreanizationu seems to be to bring the delegates as until Monday Conference adio-rn- ed close, together as possible, for exchange morning at 11 o'clock to meet in Barratt Y.L-M.I-A- 1 .. he :Edward.lSchfina 