WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - 'a Woman's Exponent. EMMELINE B.'WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. i. Viivp thpir names sent to the Woman's Exponent for pnphcution. two years History records that during the in' Nauvoo, (before the troublous times that caused the exodus,) the membership increased from 18 on the day of the organization to 1.275. and therefore, seem likely that some of this numit-wou- monthly, in Silt Lake City, Uuh ear, Ji.oo; one copy s x month for clubs. 'City papers deltv Saxi30J,fJQnmade red by mail, extra for postage one year, 2 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel A liberal disspace one time a.5o; per month, j.oo. count to regular advertisers; EXPONENT office Room 509 Tempieton, South Temple r,7 Street: Uusneas hours Ironrio ar m. to 5 p. .. Sunday. , day, except tc ' Published Terms: one copy one Address all business communications Mrs. E B. WELLS. ....... ' c" Salt Lake Cn Y. Utah. Fost Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as matter. ' Enltrti at the icod-elat- i Salt Lake City, Utah. Feisruary, 1907 THE RELIEF SOCIETY. - been accomplished during the years since that eventful day of the Society coming into existence; and much has been done materially as well as in many other ways. Throughout the wards in ail the Stakes, and many, of the missions of the Church women have helped with means to build, and furnish meeting houses, halls and Temples. Notably the Logan Temple at a time when work was stopped President Jane S. Richards raised several hundred dollars from the Relief Society in that Stake to help continue the labor on that sacred edifice, and it was a praiseworthy dis-- . agree. But all Mankind's concern is Charity." The sisters of the Relief Society so far as we know are always on hand for good works, however unpropitious the circumstances may seem to be; they have undertaken to carry forward what has seemed The seventeenth of March is an important date to all the women of the almost impossibilities. This day jn the year 1907, should mark Church of Latter-da- y Saints, as it marks an" epoch in their history that has been as a great forward movement for this Society a guiding star to them all through the ethically, and let us all hope and believe many long years. It was this day in the materially and spiritually. year, on Thursday, 1842, in the historic city of Nauvoo the Beautiful, that the great Latter-da- y Prophet Joseph Smith GREAT EVENTS TRANSPIRING. Relief organized the Society, known now throughout the world. "Weigh well your part and do your best Many times on the speakers' platform Leave to your Maker all ihe.rest." of the National Woman Suffrage Association and the National Council of Women Time flies so rapidly that one can Miss Susan B. Anthony has said, The scarcely keep pace with it in any of the walks of life, and not only time but the representative from Utah can tell-yo- u more about the organizing of women than material progress made in all directions any of you have ever heard; and she has is startling to say the least, there are so alluded in most 'complimentary terms to many movements springing up that it is our women being trained to speak with- quite impossible to keep posted on all , -- out papers, through our perfect system of organizing and method of conducting these affairs. This year of our Lord marks the sixty-fift- h round in the ladder of years, since the day when a handfurof women met together in the Masonic Lodge Room in Nauvoo for thepurpose of being organized into a Society of which theyCould only have had a very indefinite idea: but ntin nil rrrKlVJllt tmttnrr' TJ r Joseph, himself,- foresaw itSgreater development, in the future 6yZon something of what we are aware today. The women who have taken part in active service in thisphilanthropic movement are numbered by many thousands, and in fact thousands of members have already passedbehind the vail; and of those who remain of- the early workers th ere are but very few now livi ng ; h ere - V . - - r, obituary it is said, she was connected with the. Relief Society in Nauvoo, but only one is now living who was present at its organization; our own General President of the Relief Society of the. Latter-da- y Saints Church,and that is our beloved and honored Elect Lady Bathsheba W. Smith. Sister Jane S. Richards President of the Relief Society of the Weber Stake thf nnlvntkor mnmU. t't r Ul il tilclt society in Nauvoo) of whom the writer knows. If there are any others we should nf 7,ct -...- w-WiUiUlCi -- . . , , . 2 it or salvation for the human'1. family is, and . that women nave pan incrciri, even in the Temples of the Lord. Most women all down the ages have realized the greatness of motherhood, and history tells of the greatest men who give honor, to their mothers and we talk much and with pride of- the mothers of the race; but in 1 - revealed inthis dispensation through the Prophet Joseph Smith women have had avenues of activity and of spiritual growth opened for them, such as no other women at any period of fime, so far as is known, have had vouchsafed to them. Are we as women of. Zion aware of all that it means to have such an organization as the Relief Society, whereby hun: dreds of womenwhose lot seemed cast in desert places as" it were, have been cheered and enlightened through the efforts made in coming out to meetings, and the interchange of ideas, thought and actual effort brought to bear reaching out for betterment along the lines of attainment; an upward tendency of the mind, giving exhilaration to both mental and physical progress as well as the spiritual culture always being maintained in harmony with the growth of the mind and oiwnai nas the effort. March 17, 1842 and 1907. "In Faith and Hope the world may be living. Volumes might be written ierinjghtjtill ... Gospel.-a- s body. It would be very difficult to estimate what this one great masterful organization has done for the "women of this Church, and not alone for them but the whole world of mankind has been awakened through the light revealed from heaven and revelations given through the . Prophet Joseph Smith. We are undoubtedly on the verge of greater changes, greater events, and it may be more startling phenomena than ever before, and the wise and great ones shf uld be prepared, or at least take warning by reading with an understandThe ing heart "the signs of'the times-days in which we are living, great as they are, are pregnant with greater things; all that are essential to every day inter- and those who acknowledge God in and Events are hasten- things and worship Him in sincerity course with affairs. truth with His wisdom and providence ing on as well, and it is a common sayreing nowadays, to what does it all tend. may be able to stand, although it will Surely the last days, when all things are quire not only obedience to divine laws to be gathered into one are hjire. Proph- but the consecration of all one's life and ecies ancient and modern are being ful- talents to His service. filled before our eyes.and yet men and women will not see the truth, or the signifiMOTHER'S WORK. cance of these conditions that stare them in the face. - " SAN LUIS STAKE. - , During the past year more great events and perhaps even calamities have transpired seemingly than in any year previous, it is said there are more people, even so, yet there are more inventions and a better understanding of the elements of life, and motion and activity; but the Lord is working among the nations and will bring about His purposes, and He will, accomplish His designs among the great and mighty ones of the earth, as has been 5aid-b- y Him is sure. He will indeed make the weak to. confound the wise, and the wrath of man to praise Him. . The everlasting Gospel is spreading in lands afar off and women too are taking part in the establishment of truth among the various nations. It is a satisfaction to realize that women can render valuable assistance in carrying the Gospel to . those who sit in darkness. It is glorious to "contemplate how com- and-His-w- ord . Unity in the home! What constitutes union. Results of union. Re- Lesson 1. suits of disunion. Religious unity. Lesson 2. Parental influence. What should be the condition of a woman s mind in pregnancy. Contentment. Self control. Pure and holy thoughts etc. Also practice the strictest honesty, truth fulnesshaving also the best environ; ments that can be given. Lesson 3 . M oral d evelopm ent.: Favor able environments call forth kindly. emotions, andTsuppress evil thoughts; kind companions do most, as love begets love. Cleanliness, Good literature such as Juvenile lnstructor;NYouth's Companion, Children's Friend. Ref. 1st chapt. of Prophet Joseph Smith by his mother, Subject, Home influence and example. Lesson 4. Social Purity: ''Blessed are the pure in heart for they shall see Give your ideas.5 chap. 8th verse. in regard to Juvenile parties; The neces. God---Matt- . 