91" - 1 generation that women have obtained a feciiy ognized and a thoroughly respected. posl-tion in literature. The term "bluej stocks' I ing'? applied to all women who used; the u pen, did not Ioso its sting until a very re-- , cent period. And it; was more than, hlntodU) that suph women not only had For tho'ExpowiJrr. AARON'S ROD. Hail ! Jehovah speaks! Mobcs, hii servant, With bis b rothor Aft emn, bend to listen To tbat rolcei from which lore bad cast -out fer TThey, waiting to receive,' and then obey The mandate from the rolco of God: v Lo! a miracle will Pharaoh ask of thee Then Bay to Aaron, tako tby rod, and cast and lof It down before Klnjr Pharaoh's feet, azin hb Jt shall become a serpent 'neath f 5 eye. ink-Uack- cfl uneombedjiajr uMhaHheyrnustnopoOT fingers,1 - ful of : aUirecogniie4'WPm40UfrT thrco t .Thirty years ago, there mro, wpvbr woman editors, in the world. yytiyJheiQ arescores of them; twhnp reporters andspec-- ! ial correspondents of, tho sam are like.,4 daisies of the'field lor muiaiuu: M V" Bathroned sits Pharaoh, servants waltlntr round, When lo! the servants of o nlghcr King, , . ' Do-difficult- 1 . n 1 world. .Hi First of all it will be wMlJ4iBuserwd" men In general; of their erroneous Ideas concerning a literary career. must not expect to find anyway whtmiihe r addpts.literatnre for5 a profession. iAprac-tical witer leads a life of noNA fidU drud- gery. She may, how and then, find her pet t? ? ,- f A'-iwom- l an poems, or finely wriferi stories or essays,- accepted and paid for;ibut if she would make an actual living of the business she mnst dovoto herself: to it, just as she. would to g or Tbe profes, r sional iwritermust compel tbq inspiration, , or writo without woman; wlid writes" for a living must. hold herself in readiness 7 at any time and at. all times. She must bo ready to writo .uppn any subject, aiutin any style. Sho must send a poeta by rot urn' T dish-wasliing- ' - from, r 1 - ieon ? ELandcotnIn ifianyi excellent" sugges. an4 truthful statements In relation to the subject. , - Pa v!- . Through all tho ntm historians and novelists. QDl for w5 years, realize that 1 is; onlythirty in ur own " 1 Thero Is no trade or profession which' re Quires su long practice beforo it becomes Tel mnneratiyeiasr' that of li(eratnre;-ATnian would have timAo:cdxd.ijiSi-occupatiotwice,';Whlle:sneris;1prepairing a nerseuior irequently doubtful, and lAJ ways precarious career in literature; X: am epeahihg abolutbtrulfilTiha I wjalfry o - - ! ; 5 if. . .I ' f i . 5' the anecdotes of George' Among Satids1 " heeri ithhicfi'th'earpa'waYe Is tho following cently flllqd, quito r6- - f piquant. "In thp modest'divelllng at Nohant, where she (iieher jbpspifallty wai; hot more 'doli-cftt- e tnah 'amjpl ei' and If' 7ribt 7 unfretiily happened- that a guest arrived and made claim r it home withoui ' having any ubn! the ' author5.' 6f jMaopraV ' than Mhe friendly eommendation of an ac qUalntance. Ono day such a.visitor arrived--calhiin Bakbrr-a- nd from the moment ho n crossed thduthrosholdr comported himself with altogether Egyptian -- easa 1 He was r --passionately addicted to cabbage, and cook prepare ;fQr .dinner on the; jday:pf Jils arrival an, immense dish of thatrrregetabre, ,r which rhe cqnspion tiously was chbago in dyoured 'r, N,extr day, thero " he soups'and 6&p)&gp in j bj stew, and by l , ; ? - the. third day! (tho jvlipk; 1 ujii qary epart-- 1 qient was, conducted on J((4,nji3.'i.bj.cabI a mlstrees pf.ihe household vig$f ; ? litflVJsurpred, Ihat ilj 'snil ;s Avpmen to and when they have ,cwit.ten;thvWbrld will gladly jipMhai'thDyihavp to say E.' B. DUPFEY.: , the fatigues, of journeying.' or t sight-- ; seeing. Sho cannot: afford to .bo". eiihqrj wearied or ill .untU after . the r Ine vitahlo' letter has been written and posted. ' Next: to bo considered; i ihqlnij.'p'C tniining a woman needs. She musthayd had experience in life. WithoutIt have nothing of value to offerVe;never lea'rn i from ihe experience of othrs'asiwe ; ! OdoTrora our own.T There-fore until' wo shall' have tiud tmortl, cmoi tional or intellectuar h is tory, w'o can have little to say worlh hearing. - 7 ithe man. 1 if she be correspondentljQ; t j 5u be at her pen,headache or no beadachf j.when, her morer favorec companions arc f eating that of an article lieaiIIn? ln "The Journal'' of Oct. oath reau at the recent Woman's Congress We have peopled a- few paragraphs from lt aa illustmtlvo scattering of our own the subject. The article in its complete f ex?f ent one, highly interest. iW : accumu-ia- d j' - IN LITERATURE. 1 fifjihe'";:?-1 ,Thes6 arethe rden hnd tho whom the' angcr'says wlte,, devel- . 1 the-jte- - ! oh- -' - . ::....,..::;: flT.HA. Ml .? mail, if required; or geographical division, without previous knowledge of it, and witlr nothing but a guidebook and a dictionary of dates Sot references; and yet hatv' her article interesting,! and read as if unlimited information ! was: withheld solely for want pf space.5 It :she! be a reiorterj she must be- - abler tcr.write on tho; wing, and, in the midst of crotd and; confusion, which, would beyiideit1hej jntelJIgence of either vthej ordinary .mari-p- r wor. , .. staeles, difficult! op more strongly ih power which , . .:..---.-..- hjerspecialtundoubttl cr wUTwri to?aiid; mu$ t ' .w W te ;lDehM, ? dress-makin- ; f . - ies s 5 A living, panting, breathing monster'thlng, f WOMEtt tellectual culture, the practical experience with the pen, and ideas j now comes the last question ; doos 'she fed an irrepressible desire to write? dan fancied want of time of any sort prevent her? : hinder her? Can discouragement daunt her? If so the crpwh of authorship was never dcstlnoi'to jest upon her brow. If she is inclined to fritter away her, time in trifles, let her fritter it away her vocation is not writing. If she is not actuated by. a powerful overwhelming jmpulsoojyrite---aimpulse which .Ulynotbedeiiiedi faUd ; which causes her thoughts to rest upon her llkojundpslmbleihurdcrisi- - wiileh can only be shakeniOff hyrtheald of the .pe.ti and w;hich corapiel her, to, corninlt them, to pa. pet4splte qfpyeryTotBt the fervor of tbe strength of character, and '' that inspliatlbn,SvMch Indicate writing is - ; Waitlny the mlsilon it was sent to;fllll j Then rose the passionate, wicked, daring king, And called bis sorcerers and bis wisest men, Magicians of proud Egypt's magic rt aim, And bade them use their cabalistic oharme; In Uke 'manner, they with their enchantments, Cast down, every man to earth, bis rod; When lo! they sprang to life, and serpents they became. Marvelous power of infernal art 1 The mind can scarcely grasp the horror Such a 6cene could throw around, and cause The stoutest heart and eye to shake and quail. Pharaoh exults, and feels bis art.equals The God of Moses, and of Aarori too. But wait I not long has he for exultation 7 Before that terpent God has sent, by him Chosen and ordained, and fitted by Himself To show His wonders to the world of men, ;.... The mighty roptile opens wide his Jaws And swallows up the puny worms around! r That God still lives 1 Ills servants live to servo His bidding, and to work His will; and Ho Again has spoken, in these latter times, And In another dispensation Yes, Pharaohs still are on the earth, and Moses ' And hi brother Aaron also have their types Upon this earth of GodJ Xes, blessed truth! Holy writ abounds in types and parables And fa my simple mind ft thought springs up, Which takes a fdrm embodied, palpable I see with Daniel's eye--or rather, : Reading him, I drlnk into bis spirit; ' And clearly see that In the Latter days A kingdom 6halt arise, and stand foreTer! And that it shall consume and break ia pieces 'C All other kingdoms, as the rod of Aaron Which became living thing that swallow'd The counterparts and counterfeits of Satan. up So shall tho last days' work gather up All things in One, and that One shall be Eternal, FUrkih T. Kino. 8.L.CHT. - sorbingr assimilating, combining and popu. larizing the. abstract and abstruse thoughts of others? If she. can say yes to any and all of these questions then Ged speed her. Granted that a woman possesses the in- 1 ; r.i- JpXierlpnLh ihearlprhashp thehap The field of literature li conquered Tor women. There ro no' longer pati-b- rb atruetions of ny sortln the jvay. ' TTivo man who has anything to say, Is prlyilegeb! ) to say It: and if it is worth1 hearing'. the world will lend an attentive car." Women also tell us that because they are;' wives and mothers they have neither time nor opportunity, What folly ! Have not our-best women writers been wives and moth erst And are not our men. writers husbands and fathers? If they are riot they should be,if i they would gain the clearest, truest percep? tion of human affairs,XsI01iLih qualified to speak words of. wisdom to the j ' 5 , ox, drop at once : A greater Potentate-rb- ut All vain comparison, where none can be! The servants of the God of earth and heaven, The King of kings and Lord of Lerds, present Themselves before proud Egypt's king, Bearing an edict from that God he brav'd, Bui which ho cannot with impunity resist. Jfo pompous forms, or courtly etiquette Precede these men of God! but prompt to do, surely and simply, tho biddiog of their King. With brow serene, and calm, majestic mien The brother of Moses, Aaron, lifts bis armi Nerv'd with the Spirit of tho livingfGodt And hurls his rod before King Pharaoh's eyes; E'en that proud, stubborn spirit quails before The mighty reptile springing into life From out the mystio rbd that left his band ; To spring to life, aldne its mission seemed, And there It lay beforo king Pharaoh's eye, And the eyes of Pharaoh's servants, alive; ' woman who has founded' false hopes en her pen, might 'hear kand' heed me. Thero would be fewer xllsappointGd women in conrttJ I ' 7'- I!i TH .li i'.''Ji sequence. After all this is surmounted, - eomp3 ttho next difficulty. Has the woman anything to say? Has sho any frech earnest thoughts rno Inquiries; arid, kor as responsiblo for' 'idls-CQve- red v tiet a and juit'befbrestar upon' hli hostess to present his respects. Ho found heri: iu thbr gardeni-h- o kitchen1 garden. 1 hot hope1 that ho 'Madame, 'saidjma after having been the guest of so ; distinguished ah entertainer, I shall not bo suffered to depart without asouvenir of tho visit?' Madamp;Sands, looked at him with surprise; and thon, inspired with a wicked Tho Ideaj'called the arderier-'Baptist- rer gardefaer hastened to her; 'With pleasure,' sho said to M.? Bakor; adding to tho' gar dehor, 'Baptiste, ' ono of your finest cab bagesL-'fethis gcntlcmarli Jr ::! -- .::. : - -- r - 