NOT I C E. The Woman's Commission House, recently established under the auspices of the Belief Society Woman' Mrcantilef Association,' isr now transacting business on commission at the Old Constitutioa.BuUdmgs; opposite Z. C. M. I. Their 'stock consists enjtlkjgjtom nanufactufe8r: They are veil supplied with plaid, and waterproofs for winter dresses; wraps etc; and shawls Urge and small, stockings and socks of all sizes lin-ge- ys knit with machine or by hand, babys socks, crochet A dressmaker is there, ready to make up material to order. 'There is a good supply of men's and boys wear, of all the differcuffs or wristers large and small. ent i&rietlea manufactured here; an excellent tailor to do all kinds of work in that line. There is also a full stock of hats, straw and felt, and a miliner to attend to that part of the work. They hare also various other articles of wear and use. All the standard church books. Homemade soap Jamaica ginger, Ink, blacking and vinegar; also batter, cheese, and eggs. Among the things noticeable are tbe lace and lilk productions, somo of wlich ard exquisite. - The patronage of the people is solicited for this Institution, that Utah may sustain by united effort the industry which Is the prospect! wealth of her people. The women of this Ter; , ritory are making thiValmost nnprecedcntedjnoTement to concentrate" thelf exertions in one grand enterprise to that they may free themselves become as a people, as soon as possible,: from the shackles of " ': Balylonr ' ' " ' ' ' ; -- home Affairs. Several of the Seml-Annu- al ney. missionaries appointed at the last y on their jour- Conference, started Some had left preTlous and others will start on to-da- th sixth.. ; The Disteict Court seems unable ?to dispose of some of the cases on hand, as there are so many crooks and Jams takn that these cases are likely to drag on, until they shall be ruled out of Court, 'or assimethe ' ' ; character of "cases in chancery. .' t Ward Assembly Rooms, Wednesday evening Oct. 25th, ww veryVweU "attended. The whole performance was creditable, and there were several pfrts which were executed In such a tasteful and artistic manner that they deserve notice made of tncm. Thcseiamatenrs ought to be congratulated for their efforts to please their friends and especially for lending their efforts in a good cause. Whitney tenders his sincere thanks to Prof. Thomas, the Salt Lake Orchestra, the Pnion G Icq Club, also the young ladies and gfnUemen who so kindly took part In the. performance.': Editor Exponent: ! ' , j s to-hel- p , true. ' Through your paper. X wish to fy&uoUDcMoV' the siiters who iu days past have been assooia .: ted with Slater Lovina Walker, the sad news of her death which occurred 'on the 8th of Oct. r at half-paone , p. m,, soon after having giv-- en birth to a fine son. .; ;vst 1 , : The Utah Musical Times No. 8, now issued, con- tains many excellent things. The editorial 4Singing In Schools" deserres to be widely, read, and all Interested in the adyanecment of the young are sure to read it with Interest. ' The hiints 'given on the subject are adapted to the situation of the people. The mueic is always of ahlh order and tends to refine the tante. We hope this journal will be well sustained. It has our test wishes, especially as we believe it to be one step towards the progression of Utah in musical art. The Musical, and dramatic entertainment tendered to Mr, O. T. Whitney, and given in the Fourteenth And now, sisters let na not forget the departed one, but let us watch over her little motherless children and extend to them, a" loving, helping hand to cheer them through the rough journey of life, for our Saviour said, Inasmuch as ye have done it untq one of these lit': '. '." tle ones ye do It unto me.. 1 Vy , , a L. City. 17th Ward, " ; f Hi '' . , For the ExrOKEwr,- -, :. . SENSITVE PEOPLE. x 1 By this, I mean those who aro sensitive to an extreme Jul those 'who can lay claim to this unenviable distinction aro certainly objects of pity; for; plQll the throng that moves In society, there who. have! so much cause for misery. Holcl, my critt- cal friend, ere you arch your hrwii jscorri I do riot mean that sensitive ' people hivp more real trouble to bear mean that their, cause' for, trouble Is greater, yes; tenfold , leciise it is imaginary, ! anil! imagination calls forth mof erriisery, wretph' edness and despair;; ihauraU real rpwttes ' l:. that ever existed. , A sensitive nature-sdm- e claim that it is a mark of superiority- - Hannah "More lias aje-iion- ; ; tianjothrsuo'' ; - ' " self-sustainin- g, " She fell asleep without a struggle, and perfectly conscious that her departure was near :; she seemed as calm as a summer evening, man ifesting neither anxle.ty nor regret. She .has left a husband and eleven children, with whom we deeply and sincerely mourn the loss of a kind and affectionate wife, and a fond and devoted motherrBut for her there is ho cause for grief, for she had "fought the good fight and kept the faith." Her work was dohe and she: has gone to her parents and friends. Here are very many who have known sister Lovina from the days of her girlhood when her kind and loving father, our beloved martyred prophet, brother Hyrumr Smith, was with us. She is his eldest child. It has been my happy lot, which I consider no ordinary privilege to spend many Interesting and profit-ab'- e seasons in listening to her descriptions of scenes and circumstances connected with her father's life. I first became acquainted with Sister Walker in May, 1850; I with my two little children and an elderly sister who was living with me, had come from Philadelphia with the Emigration on my way to the Valley. I had expended my last, means and had no provisions left we arrived inJlorenceat 9 o'clock p. m.t it was dark and raining, the brethren helped us from the wagons into a vacant house and we went to rest as eoon M.fkslIb1efT7r'-.vT'7T?"'Early next morning we we e awakaned by some one knocking at the door, the sister With me opened it, there stood a little girl with a J cup of in ilk i n her b and , she asked i f ' there was a little weman there with two little children," the sister told her 4,yes" and 'asked her fo come in, she did so and when she saw me said, ."If. you: please, my m k wants to see y ou , I she has sent this milk to your little kirls." I asked her ma's name, thinking it was some one I knew, but when she told me I knew no one ' by, that name I accordingly went to her mother's house; she met me at the door with both hands stretched towards jme in welcome. "Good morning Sister Elizabeth," said she. E told her she had the advantage of me as I did not remember ever seeing her before. fc$be said j "No and I never saw; you before; I am Hy rain Smith's daughter, my father came to me three times last night and told me that you were a child of God, that you was without money, provisons or friends and that I must help you.r The first time he came to me, I awoke my husband and told him; not liking to be disturbed, he told me I was dreaming, that It was only fancy. My father came to me again and told me your name, ho also told me to send ray little girl with some milk and prove to my husband that it was jiot fancy." She requested" me to go for my children and the' sitter that was with'me to come Into breakfast, and afterwards, I learned that the last food she had in the house was on the table that morning; after breakfast she went to Bro. Johnson, told him the circumstance and asked him her for me was while in Florence, which I provide he did directly, as I havo since learned. When I left Florence I did not ee her again for thirteen years; then Bro. Hyrum came to me In a dream and told me to go to Farmlngton and help Lovina as she was sick; being unable to ge I sent my daughter to; see her, who wrote me. to come directly as my: dream was Jloo; . . , . - . - ' From that. time to this w.o have not been;' separated long audi thank God- our Father, ' for the friendship that exited between us, and ' hope' to live the rest of my life so that when : go hence there will be one happy greeting, friend ready to welcome me where sorrow -. : will be known no more. - : I-- one-dea- r -- Ffiere gloxalted senBe aqd t !v Tberc keener aDgwish rankles Jijtlie poind,,, ft j There feeling1 ia diffused through' every p&rtj " J'' Tnttlto in ach nerve and lln in atf the Eearirfn' tasto-rteSjie- d, i . , . This niay he: the distinction? ing thought a: liltie ,m'6e!e"fiWdMi,I sacrifice hla peace of mind hyHhd change.1 if he could have !'it al The aim of ife of sensitive people; destiny.- rjot" qnlylhelr owrusha,r hut detract Vserlbnsfy Yrom'jhat,? wiU, of others who surrqurii) (ihexi!."'A"iMy word, a careless expresstoh of hdlt digested thought, or even; a harmless wtclsm;4s sufficient' to cast them into thfei; dethV'of gloom ahd'despondehcy. - '.TS Happy are they who. can live ' abo'vjS Such tfifleswhofcan .move7 on JiisiM&'ga? aifd as ever whether'the srln'shltiei f or not. Viiq heed not thejopks pfthe'iftii vlous, the tongues' of.hslandefpyftlnd the frowns of the tmughry aad proud, 'Wh6 light-hearte- d the through It without !"'. repining iu ue uuuiifuu. ' ' ! i this is tho 1 iuu eeuiiiuvei, melan- choly people do not thinlc that jrou; are bet- ter than your 'fellows? because yqufjfeHd are more easily hurt Ypa'.jftr$,Ii,jrtKl.iIt, : is a species of maanes which AftfctSy you and which,:"if you' encourage, will, be the . V,bane of your Hves; ; Y;1"! , d ahdeiieer- Shake it offf; Bo and win! happiness', ful, fight your natures 7 l" . as the reward; ; - jood-nature- :! r-- ' The thing which an active, mind. most needs Is a purpose ,ari$ directioniWorthy pf its activity.: , s!; :,,rt buUii sho holds dear and lcavo her love, and she: is rich; load herewith jewels, clothe herein i :costIy,j3tuff let slaves wait upoa;nerrand:t courtiers bow, and she.i but a pauper If my. one loves hen h'uciKivUh v.':ui o.? , Poets know,; and statesmen ' ouht" to senilment when weirdlrec1; knOWj it ' ; is-b- cd ias by sorrow when1 well nsod- - grpatrnai ti6n3-live- ; . When sentiment dies out; and -- mere prosaic1 calculations of T16ab and profit take 1 its place, ; then1 c6mesf a Byr ahtlne, ; r' - epoch,1 a Chinese epocrr, slow decay.-Kings- ley.-' -f vdecrepftndand y ; 