W 0 MJl N.' S . E XPO N.BH.Tji, 130 .WOMAN'S iVOICE. manifested; ?Pres. Mr3.; IJyde pre- greatly ' ssented4he7ciRCULAR which had been Sent f to the Society concerning the Centennial. T DearEditor: The minutes of the young ladles' meet-- 4 o A committee was called to prepare some-hI feel that I would like to write a few ings, which were read in theieneral MeetCentennial to the ?pnfc from here Mines-Hyour. paper,, but JC .aiaJike .'many ing in the FourteentkWard.-onjSaturda- y, y that remarked was r more, that have not been in. the habit of Jan. 22nd, were peculiarly interesting and j. r Exhibition. It ; .Relief bur since seven n!had:eeri years' instructive.. Most of the wards in the city 'writing to the public, who feel a backwardnever had, there and -Socie ness that ought to be put a3ide: from Jus, for were represented, and , the rapid iuiproye all In be-- k voice. a dissenting been I see that we are called upon to speak our adiscord,r raent which, as was. clearly, evinced, is com been had "call thai time; and "evfery minds, and write also that we may repreing made by the ybung'Jadies 'of the was as as it far possible sent ourselves. I am happy to say that our plied with readily, Associations, is really pleasing, d Bensox, j. ";,,:7Mes.M"E.' a pretty padTcondition Relief Society and would be surprising to oho unacquaint-e- ' . .u a? ' i Secretary. ; with theiri, with the fact that God is , at present and many are alive 1o their du- ties. :JWe have not star feduhing yetlin strengthening arid enlightening teirminds-Th-- e :L;; anH St. CiiarleS, test I mon ies born ej by ,tiiany of th e sisiiom e industry, but r thiuk next summer ; we will try to make a start m raising silk; L bjAii Exnent: ters,verbMrs.alioM. Xexceed SoBetrenchraent Ladies The Young Home .not being pres. we have the mulberry trees here in the set. President Idaho ; St.' Bear taie of cbncltfcted Cdj Charles, enFthe meeting Was ciety byCounsel tlement, and we do not "wish, to bo behind th, Tcrri Waaiorganlzed who' R. toiy, or Miss E. our sisters. We had Sisters E. R. Snow Snow, spoke encourag; Kmiballr Presinda Sister 1875, by and M. L Hornevisls'a. short :U ' inglyf " "fj" i , Miss, Amy and exhorted "her slaters to be diligent and and they gave7u3 some' excellent advice Iker, CenSbo! also spoke concerning the faithful. 1 iirs. Nancy E. Pugmire, . showing the necessity . of :ouri becoming , a Jivc; "the1 of ladies that anxious lenriialahd wa3 people ; we I had a general V;u,':l .. U Sarah Allred, , UKiKO snoum iis Ulan timfc,of JTsJoIcing fprjthe Spirit of God was' iElbarW7:BrewerTr-!4fT time little the existing in our midst. - I believe wfe.have nearly all possible, considering f Orissa A. WJUiamson, , :y Counselors v. ' between the present, and the time for. the renewed our coyeuants, und hope we shall, r I m Miss Mary Jacob?, at Philadelphia. one an'l all, live nearer our God in '76, than opening of the Exhibition Mrs. Laura A. Johnson, mi; ,ini.; i I v u; M. also Mrs. Kimball Sarah Counselor spoke U 1k;i:hin:f i NaneyJJuDt; t in we havelii the spast ; for lifeel there Is a in a pirited and patriotic ; manner . concern! 'I cloiid hanging ;;oyerrjiw!iatwlll become Maria if. Beers, Superintendent It l. ') sho as Centennial the felt, Exhibition; ing darker and darker itl ve ;; giveaway to t- - , Lizzie Miss Secretary, r iLugmirei was sure every intelligent, person must feelr our ioolish fancies which we'have inherited Xwenty-flv;e- j young ladies ; were; admitted : an individual interest in this great Nation- from the world.' Jt herda 1etter?read that ;as tnembers of the Society. Our: meetings al affair. was sent to air -- the ' Bishops concerning iare well attended and all take a great inter- dancing, which I believe .will result jn very .est In the welfare 'of the Society. Some of good for our young people. But there Salt hikVtiYj, Jzn. 24th, 1876. the young ladies gathered straw Iastsum- - ' r great will be; many filial' yIU riot see it in the prop-- , I mer and Ave are preparing to have it manu-- : . er ThoRelief iety.othe:Eigkh,Waa light yet; but .with careful training we met on the 6th of Jan. 187G for their Annu? jlactured into" hats. Sister reslmla1 Kirn-i can accomplish much. With , good wishes al Meeting. After the opening.of tho nieetvi ball gave us some excellent instructions arid for all the household of :lai,h I remain advice !whilq hcreand I think it Will hbVo f r ing tho receipts and - dlsbursments ot the. ; your sister in the GospeL-a lasting impression on the minds of those year were read and showed that i considera- ble had been done in this ward. Our Presiwho were' present;1 The; Exponent has the West Weber, Jau, floth 1 875,; . : advance its for of dent Mrs.: Leaver and Counselors Needhara; best wishes the Society Iment. u- -7 and Steel are faithful in looking after the; l"n :::'!: A:'"" i . sThe sicki Lord! Jazzi&'lll Pismire. 'Sec'y.''"'5. if1 poor and Spirit of the Origin op the WJCTa:caRE;The with us, and we have good meetings: Many -cure, or hydropathy, ows its 7 origin to are renewing their, covenants land t are de- Dear Exponent: the fertility of Invention of a Sileslan peastermined.to live up to. the principles I of the r ' ant, Vincenz Priessnitx. ILiving at the age I feel the many friends of the Relief So- Gospel. , . After the business of the meeting of th irteen sprained his ivris t y ou ng J?riess-nit- x was attended; to, Sistera Young, illowardi,; cieliesWuraTTgladrtorIeto intuitively applied it to the pumi; arid valuable paper how We are progressing in Goddardand Park addressed tho sisters and afterward,.tp continue the relief thus obDuring the last year We liave not; gave good instructions. rSister E S. Bartained, he bound upon it' a wetr baudage. only gained in numbersbutI, trust in the ney r.ead a circular from the ladies. Depart- Rewetting this as It became dry, he remen t, Territorial Board of Managers, solid- - I Spirit of the Lord also. May the blessings duced the inflammatioribut excited a rash on of God rest upon Sister E. Rl Snow for the of the ;Be-- ;i ting the energetic the surface of the part '.Soons nfter, having seasons of rejoicing we have had through lief i Societies in preparing specimens of I crushed his thumb, lie again applied the her meeting with us, also I the "other sisters upMB iNPUsTiiis both useful acd ornament.; bandage, and: the pain once more subsided, tal for the National Centennial, and . that a that have at times accompanied her.' The but the rash reappeared.; He inferred that sisters here seem anxious and' willing to do committee be appointed in . each ward for the, rash jndicateili an impure blnod; and all they can to assist our worthy "and much '; the purpose of accomplishing as soon as postbis coriciusion was strengtjiened. by the re-- ; Richards sible the articles to. be forwarded to! the loved President,- Mr&s;, J suit of experiments which, he was induced who is ever7ready to comfort the,, sick , Tiieasuuer. Sister Annio Cross and Esther to try upon; injuries; and ulcers in 4he. caso B. Fletcher, were appointed as Committee and assist the needy. (On thg, lGth of of sorae.of his neighbors, siuce the rash in for the Eighth Ward Belief Society. Bi3hop 1875, we held our Annual Meet soraeVinstances appeared after the treatment, Sheets desired the sisters. retrench in all ing it was 8 years since, the Relief Society had been organized, here In Ogden: Presiapdj in others did not. ;, Thus he was led to things, and to live their religion, and try to frame for h'iutself a humoral pathology of all bo faithful to the end and Jeft hli blessing D. Richards met5with us. ;Id! the ; dent ;'diseasesaud a doctrine of tho elimination with uv ,:,,v:?''';'ru 'u';! evening we had ,fa 'good old ;fashioridd old ; ' 7 ; of morbific matter by cisis,,' folks dance; air expressed themselves that" Estijeu B. - Flctciieii. ; : it was the best dance tliey ever Ettended; ' According tu this vie w. the cure of dissecretary." eases is io beaffected by favoring the activBy counsel 6 have arranged to choose bur L officers orico a yeur,or sustaiu those in' office'1 ity of, these, organs through;vhich the putSriUNG Citv, Sanpete Co.- Jan. 10 ?7C. ' in of4 rification ofhe system is carried on, and, tho sisters. according to' the eel gs ; v; The same officers were chosen by 'a 'uhani- -' Ed'itor ' Exponent : Ji - ' throughia regulated and pure dietary and correct' reginien, preventing further'triorbid IThe sistei'hcre arpaliVo1 to their ddtips;! . mous vote. During the last iycar we have started the Straw Business and proved it .a accumulations. In his mrieteeiith year," be-- : tney arc stnvngto do all they can to the1 work, they are i. en gaged "in; the . success; we have considerable braid on hand.' ing run over by a cart, Priessnitx had some most of them haver been ru ribs brokonand received overe bruises; on Our 7 ready for spring. , -h .T.ir 1 well attended, ' a' good spirit have disbursed over $1,011,50 tostraw- meetings axe learning that the physicians pronounced bis ! case, hopeless, he. tore off their bandages, prevails.' We havo; excellent instructions work and to the por; wo have "on hand" from our President Mrs. M.'A. i. Hyde.; and recovered under the renewed applicaproperty amounting to over $250; lay The. people In general enjoy1 good heal th, tion of his bandage, and replaced the ribs by God prosper and bless all the Relief Socio- -' much more so than they have done in pre- -' the abdo-' ties' that they may accomplish that for1 inflating the lungs while pressing ' ' :: vious winters. :i;.;Li : men against a wlndowsill;' This instance J liC' which they were organized, i "We have had an excellent Teachers-Meet-- " confirmed tho idea, and initiated tho prac. '. 7 A. M. Fiiodsuam, - ' A in .which the Spirit of God 'was ing Ex. l::-- Secretary. .. tice of tho water-cur- it. ' S. REPORTS. ; i, . o to-da- -- ? -- Be-trenchm- J ent in e . jy i j . 12 : 'j.'f::"t.-- iiiglirayng" ; -- the-jngressb- rcif, f ? i-- self-sustaini- ng ; jair-reuruseiuauu- -- -trr: :.:-v-i- a : f 5 1 -- ? ; : ; 1 . s ; i : ; y ; ; v-:- ; - ; in water- -- . . ; : j co-operat- ion : ; 1 5 - - 4, : De-cemb- er : - - J-'-r- : u - . s ; i : - T - . , : . for-va- rd : ' re-baptii- i- ed t-- . -.r.- ri ;;,----We - ; ' . . - to-da- y, 1 - : e. ; 