WOMAN'S EXPONE NT . 34. It S. REPOBT6. The Junibr Retrenchment Association held in thlTFour-teent- h Ward Assembly R06ms7 Saturday, July '22nd; wasone of increased interest, and plainly indicated the zeal and sisters in "pfdmollD'th'oME-- ineeting-)f-thoSenior-a- pd enthusi-iismDfjth- er iybusTOXT'"'."''' T. --- --- -- , -- - Counselor Mrs. Phebb Wood raff presided, President Mrs. M. I. Hofrie not being able Ho attendnccount-d- f After the usual opening exercises and reading of ill-healt- h.- -- minutes of the young secretaries from the several wards represented; r Counselor Zina D. Young "gave - a synopsis of her journey -recently takfenintoTthe ik)Hniry,eported ths. success of the silic culture in the places she1 had visited, and the energy, and magnanimity; manifested by the sisters to progress and develop in all the different departments of home manufacture. Counselors Mrs. E. Howard and Mrs- P. Woodruff spoke with considerable power and earnestness, exhortingtiie' sisters to use great wisdom in all their movements. " Mrs. E. S. Barney bore a strong testimony to the gospel, and several other sisters aroao and their vicws and feelings." All was In perfect order and harmony. i -- - ex-press- ed Uh e Society, arid; wo receive much valuable' instruction and advice from them; we were also favored witfyvisi from Sistertlf: Home while shewas visiting In Bear Lake believe all who heard her Valley, and speak felt blessed and instructed, and deters mined to do better in the future than t had in the post """Sister Horno whilo hero organized a Young Ladies' 'Retrenchment Association which is now in good condition; our young ladies seem to feel a great Interest In their meetings which thoy hold every two weeks under the presidency of Sister Hester Dunn; their meetings are well attended; our young sisters are not ashamed to pray and speak, and they feel' determined to do all in their poTeia forward iheLcause of the kingdom of God. , Wo had a good time on the Fourth of had a July; our Sunday nice Entertainment given by the President of our Society and the Teachers of the Sunday School; the Bloomington band played and the children sang some beautiful songs; received prizes and were served with suitable refreshments; run races, and finished with a dance in the evening. School-childre- and instructive remarks. All felt well and seemed to enjoy the spirit of. the Gospel of .." Ever your Sister, ..Ac. Louisa Taylor, Secretary, ExroNENT: I wish to inform you of the condition of affairs touching the progress of our Society. I have had opportunities riot only in public but in private to familiarize myself with the spiritual condition of its members, and I must confess, that the evidences are many that their hands and?heart3 are in the great work of reformation, manifesting on all occasions a disposition and willingness to uphold and sustain sby: kind words and com-- . mendable deeds, our -- highly esteemed and worthy President Sister Margarctte Ran- Epitor : dall whose untiring efforts to promote not only the interests of tho- Society but the general good of the kingdom of God, are too well known to need comment. Suffice it to say that at our annual 'meeting of recent date, and largely attended, a spirit of devotion to the cause which we have espoused seemed to pervade the assembly; and some able, timely, and interesting remarks by Brother N. T. Porter added new fuel to the spiritual conflagration already of all convened. kindled in With t hese hasty remarks, still praying for the present and ultimate success of your valuable paper, and the general good of humanity; I subscribe myself your Sister n - - Elizabeth Long, ' Secretary. ; tho-sou- , : Editor u HARRisimna, July 14, 1870. : tah.-.,.:!Tl)is.l?eantif- ul ve - . i v . Ellen C. Fuller. Bear Lake Co., Bloomington, 11 July 14, 1876. nEditob Exponent : Our Belief Society is prospering under . of our President L. Green- the untiring-zeahoist; we number about sixty, and I believe , - l 1 a gi eat amount of good has been done by theisters in this place in the past year; we hope to be ablo to build a good house the may hold cpmin'sur'erT". that we wo wish, we vdur.'meeiilnwh'eneyer have a' good attendance at our meetings, and the sisters, many of them, feel a deep "Inf eresf in- ;dqlng '"all jn 'their jxwcr; to help ontHis good work by their faith, prayers i arid also by their means; wo are sometimes favored : by a visit from Pres. Rich, also BIshnp, Budge, who feel a deep interest in. ; ; - 14, 1876. Editor Exponent;. ExpoNENTi We, with the rest of our sisters, would like to represent ourselves and pur interests " in , the ' columns of the Woman's paper. Health and peace prevail in our little settle- merit nestled among the hills here away In : Southern country tree and of whero vine land the the thefig w'o can enjoy the blessings of God's best gifts to man, "health, peace and compo-tencp- l and the principles of the Everlasting Gospel. . Wo have a Belief Society organized here and we meet twice a month; we have been atye to add our mite in helping to erect the arid hope yet to do more. :r St,U3eorge Temple, The sisters of this place have established a store, and we hope to make it a decided success.' . also' has There recently been organized a Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association.; 'All our institutions are doing well at present, which is a source of great satisfaction to all interested in the progress of r work. . the! latter-day- ! We receive the Exponent regularly and value it highly; Ever praying for your interest and- for the spread of truth, we re- -. main, Your friend and sister, Cc-operatl- Goshen, Utah, Co., June Report of the Annual meeting of the Relief Society on the first of June, in the School House of this place. There were present on the stand Bishop William Price, the president of the teachers, and other brethren, also the choir led by Elder James Jenkins. The house was lined with quilts and ornamental work done by the Sisters of the in the Gospel. " We held our Annual Meeting on the 24th of Junef it was a good time, lor us as we were able to meet in our own Society House for the, first time; it, is not. entirely finished, yet we feel greiatly 'blessed in hav ing it so near completed that we can be . tary. $140 18 94 39 23 8'8J 150 55 51 00 and other articles..,.............. 110 ZD Our meeting was excellent and a good spirit prevailed, there was - a large attend. ajKePrealdm she was pleased to see the willingness of the sisters to sustain iiome industries. Prayed the Lord to bless each member of the society that they might have a spirit of oneness; she desired the bishop and brethren present to give their views regarding the house we anticipate building this year. Bishop Price spoke very encouragingly; thought the members of the society were making every effort to aid the sick and needy; was pleased to see their determination to have a house of their own, said it would not only prove a comfort to us, but the Lord would also bless us In bur under-- , taking. Said the Sisters were a great help to the Priesthood. Healso spoke of thVin-fluenc- e of Woman for g60d,4rid" ho ' felt to bless the society and all its members. Eseh of th brethren followed In good -- comfortable in it A few of the brethren and many of the sisters were present, and all seemed to feel well and enjoy the spirit of their religion. Our Bishop,Joel Grover, made the dedicatory prayer, and after the opening of tho meeting a report was read of our donations and disbursements which showed that we have been gaining a little. All the brethren present congratulated :us on having done so good a .work in so short a time, and.with so little monied means. We have a real economist for a president or we .could not have accomplished it. Our Society is still alive to the, interests of the kingdom and wo are willing to lend a helping hand to. the poor (,and-- : needy, arid ; Co-o- " 1G, 187G. Editors' Exponent: . and Provo Factory..........-"". Cash in Treasury. Property on hand, consisting of quilts, socks, burial 'clothes .. Caroline Dalrymple. Niirni City, July - Donations received.... . Disbursed to sick and needy. Clothes for Lamanites.... Cash invested in p store. 1 ls Centreville, July 1st, 1875. " tt-Names 6f the present officers: Mrs. Mary Johnson, President, Eleson Gurley, ) Counselors. t Mary Dodds, " Louisa Taylor, Secretary, " Christina Higginson, Treasurer. After the usual exercises and reading of minutes, the following report of the year ending May 31st, was read by the SecreSociety., FZV '"J-- 7" tho Latter Days. f arwWd7fBmlf cast down; and our President' and Counselors are ever On the watehtowcr for the interests of all. to all The Exponent is a welcome-gues-t who can command the-- means to? take it in thlsplace; many express iregrot when the sisters ask them to subscfiba and thgy really have not the means to Tdo so. Hoping for better tlraes,'l remain as ever, your! Sister in the 1 Gospel of Peace; !: a; Li Bioler, Sec'y. i- - - earth ever In, a valiant Every noblecrown lsj'and on will bo,,a crown of. thorny. "saffering for' others, nMn-kioiU9- ' Ihcr others suffer for us. did noblcnoB3.cver -- v lfe. ! . 