WO s CAN MAKE II0ME1IAPPY. VTE k J6 read most pf the reports published in the ' . daily papers. Don't you pity poor Mrs. Belknap? It must hav-- been so humiliating to fall from her high estate ,to such distress and shame. I am rather Democratic in my tendencies, but must confess that I am not well enough posted at present to discuss the subject:' intelligently. I must confess ap weakness for poetry. Tennyson and Longfellow are my favorite authors, my admiration being about equally divided between the .two. Tennyson's' "Elaine" is a sweet sad story, and "Enoch Arden," especially the dramatization of the poena, 'i3 really, very touching, judging from the lively manner in which, the pocket- handkerchiefs were nourished at the recent ' presentation of the play before the Salt Lake public. There were some 'very gus- -. c'eptible and sympathetic hearts beating in my vicinity'j f knew by the half subdued sobs and pathetic sighs which I frequently 1 greatly admire Longfellow's heard. "Evangeline," but would like it better if the termination was less sorrowful, and if, instead of her finding the object of all her hopes and affections only when sb-- i was dy-- ? their ing, they had been allowed TiiorGH we may not change'the cottage For many mansions tall and grand," Or cichaugo the little grass For a boundless stretch, of land-- Vet there's something brighter, dearer. Than the wealth we'd thus coiriniaiid. Though we have no means to purchase Costly l'lcturcs rich andj-arThough. wp have no silken hangings For the wails go cold and hare, We cau Laugr.tbem o'er with garlands, For iJowers blooni ever) where."' Vi'e.caD make home very cheerful If the right course wo beg-in- ; We cau make its inmates happy Au5- theif truest blessings wiu: It will make a giuali room brighter if we ,'et the suuskne la. e cuii gather 'round the When the evening hours are I:j;;- gTi can blend our hearts and voices . ' Iu a happy social song-., We can sruijo some erring brother, Leii'I Liui'Trour the path (sTwroBgv- We cau fill our home with music Aod vftii uosliiiHJ brimming o'er, If. alrains t all uaik Intruders. VTe will lirni'y close the door; bhouid the evil shadow enter, We Hitit love each other more. r f fire-sid- ' to-en- ' . fer them to remain so long apart When Evangeline was seeking her lover in every part of the globe, and he so rear her sometimes that, had they only known it, they might have spoken. The ending of the "Courtship of Miles Standish" was so very different, and left. the principal parties so happy. That was its chief attraction fur me. Don't you agree with me? I hope you" do, for I should feel perfectly distracteddf I me on thought you would disagree-wit- h any subject. v Music I can not- say much about, except that I am passionately fond of it. It recalls days when I had a beau and he came under my wifiw one rainy night and commenced playing, "Captain Kidd" (that was a, popular song then,) on a cracked flute. But sorrowful to relate, I mistook the liouN., ing melody for the wail of a friendless and forlorn member of the feline race, and as I entertain a - high.. regard for all such, 1 thought on this occasion to entice the noble animal to come to me, and for this purpose operred my window and called in a melodious voice "puss! puss! puss!" To my tsiirpfSse I discovered that it was some one serenading me, and t n:avtrcd to explain matters, and even offered an apology for the mistake, but ail to no purpose. The gentleman seemed much offended and would not listen to reason, and so departed in'.high dudgeon.' I wish I might add' that he went through life a lonely old, bachelor, but such is hoi a fact, lie was married thePeppervery next.Sunday, to "Aramaptha But" woman.. awful young ot'nary corn,".'au 1 as the poet states: "Such is iff," and "We V- all do fade as the lv'af2"; I en'jfrtaia "firmly grounded religious convictions', and ray place at church is seldom vacant, and then only when I am detained at home by sickness. But how malicious and envious some people, are. Once when J was tletained at home by an attack of my in,wsjwhispered ohptoe, absence , from of cause real the ,xy thai church was the loss of my'set of new teeth. The idea! Though ef course they were saucy gone, and wTTen my neice, 'Mandy," them f.undhad said sha3 jatkycame in aridhad own my opinion; for. in my drawer, I her ca lectured had I 'wfc'ei? lfore only-"t- Al tii: FEiTIOXATEhY DKIHCATKI . TO JIAI... t What shall I - .say?' I am afraid I can't Hero I am in the schoolroom, with 'my spectacles all awry, and a' half. dozen little urchins palling at my cap-- , strings to attract my attention; and one of the little wretches actually had the audacity to plant a solid little foot exactly on my i worst corn! Oh, but didn't"! give him a good shaking! He-wa- s aware that he had a pair of ears fur some time afterwards. uch things are so trying to the nerves, epK-m!fywhen a person has arrived at the f;?e of thtrty'or thirty-five- . Not very old .to be sure, hut considerably past thence o( ' s,.y anything. by-go- 't ' sc--no- us - '. ou don't anil study know: why I sit hour alter hour and reflect on-- . such sublime and elevating subjects, as Astronomy, Philosophy Hygiene, and Matrimony. Don't you see what a vast I have? expanse 1 was to going say something right here,. have forgotten what it was. Let it pass, and perhaps I will think el it at some other Jnie. Unfortunately, the paper conf,ain.inrr J'our last article has been mislaid, and no' amount t searching: will' reveal- its shouts; so I am afraid I cian 'not reply to your questions in logical order. i'oTiTics was 'one of the suMects on which you asked me express my c union. - . - - M-believ- e ne in-ten- "sweet sixteen." l anion me, I am digressing from raysub-jec- t Oh, but 1. hadn't" selected a subject vet. hud I? Let me see! I am t& write in a more strain. ou would prefer that ray .t'omm,unications indicated a sober and reflective mind. Now I am most desirious pf pleasing you; and feel- confident that you will experience the agreeable sensatioiij (of being f.ifiiscd) when1 you learn that l&m-A'crsedate. Irufact, scarcely ever smile. -- IBS. s of this generation the and scolded jher soundly, fot thinking o staying at home from Church just because she hadn't her new dress finished, and told her that on noaccount would I 'stay. Worklly-mifricdnes- home. That I admire painting, my frequent visits. to the Art gallery attest. Botany is, a favorite study of mine. How do you like it?' My article i3 already rather mOradengt-hthan I anticipated making it when I commenced. I will only add, that if you have any pet theories to advance on .'any subject, from t b e pFdtra bi i f y of an eclipse to, the latest styles of spring hats, please spVe thefa an airing, that I may, decide hotv ihey co, 1 incide with my owiTtrfapons. Sincerely hoping that I haVtsaid nothing to offend thehiee sense .of proprurtI fcee you possess. '': I remain aslrm as ever,. THE pPD M,H IN TJIK April -- v,;is7(;. " - There arc treasures for the lowly WRleh the grandest fail to finds There's, a chain of sweet affection;; Rr aging friend of kindred mind; We may reap the choicest hies; ing-From the poorest lot assigned- - EKIODS INFLECTIONS OF ' OLD MAID. 2.. T7 NE take a little interest., in. politics, enough t . V,e EXP .O M A 3PTS . ; - WOMAN'S llECOliD. Mrs. Sartaia and Mrs. W umbus, .Ohio, are both celebrated for engraving upon steel. Mrs. Captain, McCoy teaches practical navigation. She resides in M.iJiscn Street", . tyr-- -- - ' Iowa, Merrill, of has been appointed Chaplain and teacher at This is the the Anamosa'--' Penitentitary. first instance of the kind on record. lec- Mis. lary A..- Li vermore, has " on uiiori'ii. States in Western the tuning and other like subjects, iite ous Women," . t ... .1 i r .J. is saia to oe one oi me most impressive ami pathetic speakers, and a woman" of the highlit tone of cultivation and refinement..Miss Edith Story, daughter of the sculpt- -. or, and granddaughter; of Judge Story, recently married Signor lVruzzi of th king's household at Home. Being a Protestant her marriage could not be recognized as 'lawful without sanction by the Pope; which it is said is the .first instance of the present Pope, MRS. D. B. 1 . - granting such a request. Mrs A. M. Diaz at the meeting of the Moral Educational Society held recently, read a paper, entitled "Can Nations Stop Fighting and Shall We Continue to Foster the War Spirit? Her ideas were to .showrthe inconsistency of Christian nations warring, and that all' difficulties "should be settled by international arbitration." ;i ' "has c died at who , Madame just woman a was remarkable, in advanced age, iij. many respects. She opened a shop while a young girl to support her father and film ily who had lost their property dn:ihe Her husband was then French a student' at the Polytechnic school and became acquainted with her through going tcj the shop to make sotn-- purchases. Jle found her intently reading a book, and. in-- i quired its title. She informed him it was if "Treatise on Chemiifry.", He became inf terestcd, fell in love, proposed, and was He" wa3 only a poor young man vlith a membership of the Academy J then afJer wards became a peer and a celeb. but The lady was beautiful, witty camedisliEg&ed inwassociety for her many iier hustxina s pn-- . graces of rnind; she vafe f ecretary. Guy-Lassa- rey-olution-. aiKi-Djt- - b OCR dead arc never dead to have forgotten them. .: - U3 until we . 