4 ' ; ' 'A ' l :fSt rrrr 'l All In poetloyersoorln rhyme, - r I had seated myself, arid had taken my pen, -; And Just wntteI,My DearEmmeUBet,' : When a knock at the door called me down from my room, . And scattered my thoughts far away: So whether I shall finish the letter or not, . ;Would puzzfe me grleatty to say." ' l' am turning the leaves of the days o'er and o'er, -Thus the years of the past lean trace. n I am standing affain, at the wide open door, ; . a WneVe Iffrst saw your Sweet ' . Fond mem'ry has thrown back her gates wide ajar ' ' Bid ma enter her silent domain i ; i . .r J haye wandered along 'neath hope's brilliant star : 1 iTjothe f'Gardens of .Childheod" again. The dear home-facgreet me, soft hands clasp with mine, are j brimming over with glee, l .Bright eyes and blossom on s and vine, There freshness beauty ; In every greentre 'Ani8weet song-birThere la'chiiting and laughter, and frolic and fun, Ringing out on the breezes The day's lessons are over, and tasks they are done. i.Was there eter a lovelier sight?,' r ; ; The' pastime ii "over, we are kneeling to pray: Kisses are given, good nights are said. i '0, our Father in Heaven," some lispingly say, ; "Watch, while we slumber, over our bed!" Fair, beautiful pictures, I have gathered Roaming through "memory's glided hall. I have one I will send thee, so dazzllngly brlgh, j It tnnst answer, dear sister, for all. and the inousandsmorjB All these sons have been taught that our constitution was framed by men irispir- -' ed of God ; and these fair daughters ' of Ih o mountains, that virtue waa preferable to life without ! it; Would jnbt manyf Wish casts. :' . .' es ds to-nig- ht, 1 r to-nig- ht, "In a wa,rm, cheerful roomion a mild winter's-day- , There's a table spread out for a feast, And viands thereon in such tempting array, i t JfbughVseems lacking the fancy to please. The guests are all gathered: see, they march round in file : ; They're saluting the Queen of the feast V ' beautiful head a 6f the boardi bright, child, the At ' seat. zr , Enthroned upon her cushion-lik- e Grandpa, with"White flowing hair, to baby Celeste, " ;f I see; throujh the years, two Score and four, " bear merry "Aunt Bess,' parents; happy child 'c ' Look the same as on that day of yore; ' , Only one fair face wanting to make it unique. Were it not for.that one ''vacant chair" The circle were unbroken the picture complete; 1 '." But to me it seems wondrously fair. Of the numberless blessings, kind wishes expressed, To bring happy returns of tkis day, r 0, my sweet "Rosabell," it were' needless to tell, ; But the picture Is fresh asthe May. to lutended write, I Dear sister, the letter I wUl finish on some future day But the picture accept. with a levin g "good night," : - - ' r .. As a gift for thy coming birth-da- y ' . -- 1 4 : '- v. -' Mondat - ' EYE., -- , . . Feb. 2S, 1878. ' f , FbomSistesLu.. ; REASONING." A WOMAN'S : THouanTs suggfsted' by beading sena- :TOR CHRISTIAN CY'S BILL FOR UTAH. ! rrr' jf r wero a fiavored daughter of President Grant's (and had my, experience) I would prepare for him a savory dinner,- arid; af terwards a glasa of the best wine, and a fine cigar, and when his soul was refreshed, I - would tell him oi Utah; the goodly length " of its territory. Variety of its climate, its - 1 they had a Virginius for a if? can our dear say, Father, lawgivi crsat the great Capitol sanction the blotting out of a system of religion that teaches men and women how to live purelives and avoid the wickedness and excesses which are so prevalent in the world, , ; . Think of two thousand and more betrayed females in the city of New York,' and other large cities. Who looks after their forlorn situation? Who devises means for their protection that they may return' to the r: paths of virtue? The whole law of God hangs on the word, "Love God With all thy heart, arid thy neighbor as thyself." Who is seeking to live up to this higher law; who comes as j near to it as the ladies of Utah? i How little did I think to live to see what I have of the injustice done to an innocent people; when a child I used to sit on my grandfather's knee (ho was a pensioner for many years) and hear him tell of his hard fought battles under Washington the victories so dearly won, and what he had endured. . His father was orfe; of the signers lii of the Declaration of Independence I would say, dear father, do you think a polygamous grandmother can sit thoughtlessly, and read Senator Christaincy's bill, now. before Congress,- to disfranchise those sons and daughters who have been taught to honor their country and believe in relig- Jous toleration through which they y owe their legalized rights to citizenship? Dear "father, I would like to tell you aU about thehappy homes in these mountain valleys; no ghastly there were no houses of forms of excesses Jn the streets of Salt Lake, not a female convict Jn 'UtahsJ prison, un; til within a short time. Hew often we see a wife pale and feeble, a hale hearty husband, and not a child to bless their home, her days spent in loving deeds to othors. Why may she not share her home with another? Merry children break the silence, and the wife's heart entwines , itself around them its tenderly" as if they were h6t .own;: their mother an hopored wife. And who 13 robbed? None. But another womans heart is made glad .with tender motherly feeling, and she participates In the love and affection which God privilhas given to hia'fughtewaithr.., : ege and right. - What b hoarded' wcaltk compared to .homo enjoyments? Nothing. Men should be protectors' of virtue,' ; but alasl Father, they make it a trophy of victory, the of fair sisters the world over. father-if-an- d I would , - : ' - 1 ill-fa- me ; l - ' : i ;. juIrilXItahdcl to say to all these - i. trcurse ofyprostittion ble they will license it.' childreriiullionbmbleQ them. I would say, think, d ear.Father,' -- would it be possi bfefbi; ibm fatheraiarid mothers under the broad "folds of our i'T"i 1ntmt-ta.c&:y-- hopes of an earlyrave? Our J noble sires v look calmly on the sinkinthbusands of. the; fair daughters of Amerlcdfantl make nd ef fbrt toTedeem tholland from the terrible ; AFFECTIONATELY DEDICAtP TO MRS. Ef B. 29 Til, 1870, WELLS ON HER BIRTHDAYSi BY HElt SISTER MRS. L. M." G. IIEWLINGS. 1a.-- WhereIs my sisters sresortvibri redress? Wherethe cover tor their shamej but their, rich mineral reSoiirees; and so forthjthe why '! ye came, "and how, and what we found here; the toils of husbands and mothers to raise large families, that how people this once desert land; It would be no trouble to find six men who have one. hundred j f PICTURE IN MEMORY; w ten to raise npble sons and danghter they have no desire to destroy life trans rriit led , ""tooffijpringr i:And; dear father, if it would not jbo out of place I would liko tqv whisperto our no- - : ble lawgivers, (not forgetting you ' my dear father) would it j not be good economy to d afhold a place and fection in the hearts of a hundred thousand bravo mountain boys, with strong hands, clear minds .and pure blood, in case of a .foreign P invasions Rome fell, Babylon is not,Tandnvho;knowSiWhat may: transpire. -e?We have done like ;our legislature hero this i winter; ewe, came here land costtho country nothingj and sustained; ourselves, to open the way for the telegraph poles, and iron rails to readh from ocean to ocean. What would it have cost this Ration to have subdued the! sterility of the soil, and fed the Indians? But we caro not for the tons of flour and beef, though! ue still mourn for the many that have lallen by the Indians treacherous hands going through these canyons for wood; building mills etc. iAnd now the government would forbid us timber, take from us every oflice of trust, and want to refuse us a voico in the choosing of our rulers. : I would suggest what a noblo act it would be, for this glorious Republic to hand down to unborn generations if they would give to every pioneer that came to this desolate country a handsome present of land, that ingrtatitudo may not be attached ;to tho men of power in this nation. Could the peoplei of this territory ho truly understood there would be nothing but kind feelings towards them, as a people, In Washington. Astruo daughters of America wo cherish naught but kindness to all good and worthy objects, and a3k the of this government for puirselves, husbands, and children. i: In noOther country arefemales so truly, respected, and yir tue so carefully guarded as in Utah. I would add, dear father, I hope you aio not so weary with me, but that we:miht liave another profitable chat at some future time, for therois much that has not yet been told concerning this peculiar people " - . t and their institutions. of-ki- warm-hcarte- nd , I ' 1 - i , pro-tecti- en . ; Diantita Baker. ,w")..v:;ir, Salt Lako City, March 4th, 1874: . People are proud to condemn in others What they practise In themselves without- scruple, Plutarch tells of a wolf, who, peeping Into a hut where a couple of shepherds Were regaling themselves' with a joint of f mutton, exclaijned,;fvhat a clamor they would have raised if they, bad " caught me ;at such a banquet!0 ' .- , .clis-hon- or jny Be what you arej this is the first step toare.- -. C. ward becoming better than you r Hare. ;'!.- : :,, ' 