58 WO M A f V R. :0. BEFOBTS. t : 1 I iipBOVoCrri Aug. 50tbfil87ft. y . r reports from various parts of our Territory, of thb exertions made for tho improvement of theyouth in each community.--W- e take interest in the riso and progress of the Lit-- , erary and Mutual Improvement Association-otthis city, believing that we are doing an was organized , by coun-;- :t important work-ji- t Bel of Sister Eilza';il. Snow, under 'the su they will not have the chances Viil i r , : p&sohavneln tied the "Young4 Ladies' Diadem," with motto "Virtue, Faith in God and Earnest s d)Endeavor,7f edited by due young Jadies as ' wet uvinjkuiiuf iii .ov me nras fifiniiiinn rnn. s tents of .which, consist of original essays,1 poetry davyitho members. i .v. ; iWe have made several quilts, which with ni&'proceedsf an entertainment given by the Society in thoBrigham Young Acad-- : cmy" Aug. 18th, 187G, amounting to about one hundred dollars is to bo appropriated to the building of the Temple in 8. L. City. , We take the Exponent ah( Juvenile, - besides ve have arnumber of Church books and other good works which arc read ia tho -- 0 i;f Our meetings are generally Weil attended me young muiua inuniiesung a groai lnier- csv tu uiu wur&. ui .juipru Yemeni. ' r ytshIng prosperity to the' Woman's; ftN other enterprises for "the pros-- I r I 7 HI r' 4p , ,: n Th? Young adies' Betrerichment Vheld.iheir first. Annual' Meeting ,17 ih, ;'187G... Opened by, singing 'and July after which some, excellent peices iniyer; !3 were recited by members of tho association. ; jKemarks: werp'then madefy 'Brothers? Levi jacjsman ana xvouen jjivis resiueni oi Clous Bak er,T J?resid eh t i bl .the thiIuce,; i lYoung Men's iMutuat Improvement Asso. Asso-fciatio- . , r , ;f. Sis. ciatiqn,and ;,ViUford79?AlsQfly V ; ino .j tors' J Xucinda J&ckmap. . and Joseph .XJurtiseh' encouraging the; young ladie3 fKtp be.faithful fo the work t they', .'were.!' en- - gaged lxi;Ud'ttie' time was shortly" Coming when tVeyJwoUld haejtrpusb from their .qr etupor.an( help to bear.olf'tho kingdom of til ; jGod, wlth;many; Vther leicellent remarks. will send the remarks of Father Jackman .:. ;) nln full as 'la in public, and iiv ihaps r thereare! iwmbrwho" knew him ,Ji4hat would like to hearthem.' 'Hesaid: I am always in my element when I have the ! i Privilege of encouraginV'hat'I call the tiidteorEzfW laiUrthJl , There are 'a great -many ;?not are. in ino,.naDit.-o- r addressing ; public audiences , that .have 'their sernions wrf tte n, down,- somb wrlta on. one', subject and some another, the' subject 'tolday ,1s to the youth; how often I wish that' I could ;i they-wefelii- s i SrANisit FoRKxAug. 2y,;187C. . EIditors' Exponent: The Annual Meeting of the Relief Society of this place was held July 31st, '70. The meeting was well attended and a good spirit prevailed.-- Tho sisters bore their testimonies, exhorting to faithfulness and diligence ih'.the building up of the kingdom of God, knowing ihat the time is short and much to bo accomplished. Made mention .. of thb loving kindness of our.' Heavenly Father; expressed, their desire to! aid by - their labors and mea?is to build Temples, to sustain UoMEybUsmiiapjandalsb To" bless the poor,' the. fatherless and . the wid-;- : ' ows., .They .expressed their, satisfaction at rtho re3ult-o- f our year's labors ast atsocre ity. j;Bepbrt of The yeat ending Jiirio Snd.'d! . . " - -- 'Cash hand Jund 2nd, '75.. Donations since, In cash...,.,. Special donations for buiiding.-.V-. Disbursed to p09r.fr... ..,..,.....;;;;.. r- 1C2 88 V -- : 50 9 0 00 521 23 i k-b- .. " Mary Ferguson. (i , . ? f . or all of r i: ? un-- 1 ; 1 ; knew her. Yours Truly,-. Lucy II. Snell, Sar aii Warner Sec'y. Ass't Sec'y. f ,1. Tooele City, :Ang. 25th, Editor ExroNENT: 1876. ...K.v The Young Ladies' Ketrenchment Association of Tooele meets every other .Thin excellent times : in assembling .together, j Our older as well as. our younger, sisters strive unitedly to make our meetings a3 interesting as possible. We endeavor to maintain tho principles of the Gospel as contained in the Bible, Book of Mprmon, t)octrine and Covenants, and other Church publications j likewise those precious counsels that flow, continually from the lips of, the livbg oracles of God.- - Your valuable little paper ; :is Jike messenger in. our.midst, greeted with smiles of approbation from quartersf-anwhen one of o'uir.'sistcrg, hol f If : e ? . i tJn.her f feel riirovis pagea handfp. assured that somothingood is coming ; . and wo are filled wi hJoy, and .gladnesi the : vSY9 endeavor to discipline v;nob!e and exaltinc oiwe hail oufselvesjin nrinlAa. nf truth: ana gladly.'theidingg pf .the prpgre33 JLtetrencnment throughout the Territory communicatedjtnrough the columns of lcl r ; - I f -- j 00 98 lC3 87 80 00 4 $263 80 -- i 7C x 1 . ; , -- . -- ' - 208 for ng ' , ; We held our first Annual Meeting March 31st. There was about one hundred and assembled iu the Social Hall at 2 thirty-siThe time passed "very pleasantly, p. m. and about 5 pr m. when we iili dined at "the same table. Every. one seemed filled with a spirit of union and advancement and all felt like moving on Willi reheWed energy. Bishop Snell and several of the brethren r were present and gave some excellent in- struct ion. Bishop Snell said it filled hia j heart with .joy when he contemplated the progress we had mado in on year. We i nave neia Our meetings every Monday til lately, when we meet every alternate Monday with the Relief Society. Since our, last report we ' have been called to mourn the5 loss of Sister Mary Cornaby, who died May 1st, 187o. She. was a faith-ful member of the Be trenchment Society i and was beloved and xespected,by all who j ALMIRA JACiCVAN. 1 weckj-one-meeti- Editor Exponent? . ter, &c. 97 socialion is prosper- The Young Ladies, ing under the presidency.; of Mrs. Mary Morrison (formerly hold their meetings onco in two weeks, and the Relief Society.once in two weeks, they meet with us and we" meet with them, so :. -- ' : Q - Our Association is doing well under tho guidance of 'our beloved President Sister Martha Curtis and her Counselors. The joung sisters take great interest in these meetings, and are Willing to respond to any call that is made of them. May God bless all who are interested in the kingdom of God,is the wish of your sis- SaiEM, Aug. 27th, 387G. Editob IFxponent Amen. right, Zioti';wd'labbcribe:ddrselve:s,,. iJllvJ Tour SistcrVfcc.,' Zina :B. Smoot. Sec'y E3IILT G.TiLLAsslstant; 50 and one for spiritual improvement. May God bless the "humble efforts of advancement who are laboring for the ' His Kingdom. in tho Your Sistei Covenant, ' ' we-Kftv- ; p. we meet every ;y(iT:'u--to,"mee- ' " 'Ji-- of-Go- d ; pa-iPcrr- upland 1 f Association. " -- ! ... they become have the cares of ;mothers in Israel and on a "their ; family minds; th en they Will not . ' ' '. ..HILi itVl. are l. r'':.'. now presentnave ineopporiuniuca inac ed be for o them to I imprbvo their minds. This Is why I am so anxious for the young to iearn ail they can now. There are those In our midst who are doing all they can to overthrow the kingdom ot . God, if they flnatn1cn6rgeFlfiei "advantage of the older ones, they will. try 'the young; they but they care pretend, to be Saints no more for God ahd His" laws than they do for (he wind that blows, nor half so much, they worship Mammon and care only' lor but Oodjs able to do His own work self; and don't need any of their help! After awhile the cry' will be made "Behold the Bridegroom comelh, go Him,, rHavo we got oil in our lamps, or them i fiat have? will we have tomorrow of ' What do you mean by having oil In our lamps? It means to get the Spirit of God and keep it burning in your bosoms. I o' iser say io iVpso to whom have to done honor your, listening, you selves and thoso around you, I don't think that thero is one here that would say they have not been greatly edified. I could talk all day, but I will close now by asking God to bless you all in your endeavors to do Jane Jones wielected tothepresidency, and wa& subsequently succeeded by Mrs. rgareVACluff July 20Vtiy 181- 5- - r: Wo now 'number one1 hundredahd fifty-- : . seven 'members The Association .'meets'every Thursday evening; and the exercises rt consist of reading from church works and lither good books, with occasional addresses. - ;; 32 217 2 ! ! 65 00 16 60 .;..-.;..tH- .your children to learn all that thef can V While yonrig; for thff time will eomo when Tnow-havthey-will-;gro- " Co-o- . 7 land..!A,,'M. Total disbursements.,.:..........,,.... ... store pay. Store.. Shares in Land for building" spot, Sundries on hand,..;..;....;..... Total on hand... i " . .. Am't on hand in cash and ing, you haver done remarkablyi well, and I feci to say to ypu, go ah ead and God bless you in your efforts; ',it is not time thrown t& wayi and ypu will gain confidence in yourselves by1 so. doing, so 'that you 'will not" be ' frightened to arise before a congregation ihree times as large as this and speak or . j; Fpr t-- company with ; the four, presidents of the Relief Societies of this place, Nov. 7th,1873, .with' 27 members; the young ladies presided ; ; the truthifor tthemselves, they.,, cannot gain It by hearing another's experience, they I jniisnowJ t Wjfhemselyes. I would say 10 my young sisterF wfio have .bpen reci k Editob Exponent ...;......r.... U. , to Donated Temple fh. iTo Missionaries picturo'fo you youri present condition; the young have gott.to have a knowledge of 11 ? N'S EXP O N E If T. Exponent. A-- , BY ilojimmedan la w, all 1 sculptures engravings of the human faco are 'strict!: 