t W OM 'A :N ' S E X P 0 N E NT. 183 to ;i cllog to the lov Oncs'so near '.'Our t re&iures, w r children our nrleii - UCAJ J;tr in nnttOh! dark, ead and gloomy kali, , . : ; When homeward the wtarjr must plocj ,4 : j .v ni . po light lo the ball, , , f And And po glad welcome, J; 'if When the loved one lies cold ncatb the sod." ' WOJtfAN.1 f Ian guage; expresses so ni uch, or combines so i many thd(x,i affection word' iWo stirring ;sentlmen't8;'asr rt .. man.5:- "X; ''that the s alH' aJ futurea- . which she was accustomed to sitis hallo wed f in f cup from which ; she drank, the ring she: wore, a trtss.from the t silver hair, her place at' the tablo or fire- side, as well as every thing tvhich; she has bandied or touched; are jheld sacre'd, and hearts the deep-is,' stir within our innermqsti test and most spbumeeenUmentgior our favored To those who are care and kindly ex- with the V pressions of a mother's love, and fail to ap-would fain show! thera J predate ihe same y another scene. you find your every want supplied; by the assiduity of onie7jvho Vchobl-mates- tb to-d- - . re ife should, J ;sp. ? Thrbughihis ordeal we are born anew to a hdlier,a calmer. we are led to reflect, ';upoh V.thp importance ?. of jf well jordered lifeY Through J are ta feel thaf this short span of ex-ugh it6 istance here, i3 only' preparatory for ' tnose wiju euuuro iimuiuiutjss, xo tenter upon the great Future, in which we shall again meet the fond embrace of mother, wife, kindred and friends, ho 'more .to undergo ;thetsad separation of mortality.; ,5 3 J.fiISnELTON. .iit 4 .). lit - l Ui-- M Feb. 187J. tn 7th, Payson, ; ? . if : 4 . Society m tHqv can we express our Ideas of-a-nobl- e ' ..woman's influence In , society, or good motber'i influence. inrth,e;famil $ircl'e It ! . p. ; ay J must preyail over the Jmiiida ij and:,hearts of air.thdse , with : whom .nei is associated. liVThat is. it fhafirist eaused tlrai inspiration 'of "goodness and, greafness in men, which' ;we pnen reaa aoout, ana who live r vympst invariably it was thVgwat and good influence ')( tlieir imo'tners.AUJg6oi"'' wo- ' mah'3 influence in society greatly needed, whether truly appreciated or not; Her val- : ue at ma-times is very mucn unaer-esti- inltf ed,3 ye t 'hi torn tancei highly appre-- ; - " ' -v : ....... -1 1 ciated. 'iip?Oar Woman's Cause, as' we term It, Is a just one, our object is a noble one; "and we tnust seek to aspire td thalaiidableTambi- tion for which wejhavo started; -- and re- member, where there's a will there's a way, we have every encouragement to go on and ki progress and timprove; phere i3 fereat space fc?improvement; not only socially l and re. ligiously but in our daily :.life: there are l none so good pr great ;bu t can, flnfl .room for ?4mprQyementj? ytjudg() not rthat ye be notJudedVbufcmay our great aim and obto-da-y? : To-da- . vuvg , ever-watchf- ul jr ting that . oilrl-affeetiohsf'in- na-tnre- thpli-;nnn-A 1 1 . tr sad--the- " j . 'their wav -- -- ' !werid but now, when night happy hearth-stoh- e set3 in, all, all is solemn and is a nr no form i vacancy filial weird loneliness 110 voice, no music can enliven. ::Tis fif. 1 ; ; A MOTiiEBiiidrbelfeve, there 13' nd language in all theide extenstbn' pf hunian: ideas, adequate to express the finer feeJings of our i natures; which well upr in pur bosoms rheh - ' dimply thinking cbT mother. Ta her we trace our being to her, we owe bur existence, and whatever of pleasure or happiness we nJoy:in life. ?There are fewwho do not fondly treasure every mementorr every association of a mother: the chair m . , binbrnhaiis" u ; ' : cent, : trusting, little ' sister, manifesting, even, in infancy, inaternali auction and tenderness towards hert Jinyi jddllsy :. and .... gradually; developing,; wbiloyet a child, those sublime traits which .characterize her sex through lifev If there exists' int this wide world, a soul so. dead to humanity, as not to bo revivified exhilarated and inspir--, :ed by the tender associations jbf, even the , . thought of a little girl, then Join; me, I pray in the commiseration of that being, you, Wo see t her j sylph-lik- e form, ! asj she blithely wends her way to school intent up-- : on preparing herself, for future usefulnes- syet manifesting the .miraculous Icombiua- tion,of her moriaL and liangelic ifaature in pausing to admire whatever is beautiful, and to select the choicest flowers; by: the with which ;toj adorn thq.school-- . .: way-sid- e room that Jt may be rendered more agreea-- , hlo to herself and to her her nature manifesting itself. in an, effort ... , to comfort and cheer all , with whom, she r 7 J3ut 1 1 is as ia 'mo&ethat woman shines in her brlghtost; radiance. ,'Ti.i herd that ' all her 'facurties are7 brought into reuisi-- ! iioni and alt the acquisitions' of, her former are doyeioped in "a Jargersand r experience more extended form. There isan;Inex-pressibl- e feeling conpected with the "word ' woman. firWe fbI16:;hcr, yritour imagintion through thddivereirtod sceneS jdf feminine life.1 We see her air the Vrattiing; inno- y - ' ! ?, babels new-tor- n 1 . All theublfmify and divipity of our na. tures are caliedliritb action1 Avh'eri lbfoKraed j tne coffin and ihoi little ?mdtihd has been .nicely sloped, and the rustic board' with simple inscription has been placed to mark the ovor to be hallowed spot, the heart-sob- -' fdMlj-V-o I ' English' ; We think tioV wordp in tho ' his-'.one- f t y e-i- i fectionate trai ts of clwracter.are displayed over on .in an ner movements. vo find - thealert tosuccos-th- meedy, e hr ntirso Jhe af. J 1 licted, comfort the' miserable, and t aid in ;,th various avocations of,lifo, This, is the '':?!$9$ Period of herexistance hen ! leadinger to confide, in human-ityLsh- o too ofteHbeVoraes the victim of misplaced confidence.- - and when it is too Jate, learns, to her. sorrowr that all men can- ; trust-jngnatu- re mvwv; v j 1 ' 7 W 4 : this iiidescribable;and affectionate attention. Jtiave yQU mei.Wltu misiuruuu ;iuo uua. words1 of a'mother will lift ydtif above it. Have otfsocret !s6rr6ws? "A! mother's ;them: Are you" wear-iri-g yourseif awayob a bed of sickness? theoft arid gentle5 hand of a mother will syni-"lialhywilFIigh- ' SmOOlU yOUE pillOW, trtjuwvu uur-Buuenu- 1 - 1 J ten' -- w jp and administertdMyout every; wantiHer is presence Jn the sick-rdowilL revives you v couch less, intolerable. r and render your not bo trusted.; ; A word here for the consummate despic- - rniYou are the iinappreciative recipient of these innumerable kindnesses through not uoie wretcn whose worse than bestial pro bo sojthinj? that alii ject d.--i haying been i deprived of them. ,;But a clivities leads hi m 'KiifU riiave our time and atten tion, and .when .we change, comes ; over the household. .. The trustings of a maiden's heart. CXeV the an- ainedthat great essing,X tWulewili athemas ana indignation1 of Jthe imriffht mother, worn, but not weary ffor:she;;iiever we be' amply rewarded for'.ourcriflc wearies with Jhe cares of life) : begins to fall sorely, scathingly and effectually upon call them here.belbw., An(e"wUl;thein;bo"-preparefail and, though she is nptf , willing, to ac-- ; . his traitorous head, v "X"?. 'l!Z to enjoy ihe OCiY of burlPathi .is gradually, but her ; ' Later, we see her it, knowledge strength at altar kneeling, er in heaven, Which I hopo will be our hap:,, and assuming the responsibilities,he surely departing.? Her cheering, soothing ,'of , wife- py, lot.rlvoice is changedthe rosy f tint. hasTfoded CltOMPTOif. from her hee the light and life of , every homeVfor' with! Am. Fork, March 29 th, '76. echo, ws wont 'tq gladden every ' heart, is UBui vvlth her by out her there is no;home. now a slow and measured tread, and in a . the fireside, thh hno iWri "0f LAUGH AND GROW. FAT. ana bleak: winds may, howl.' and few short weeks, those for . whom she has pile iigh worn her life,away,"are summoned around '(in fantastic forms) the . 8now.flakes around . g the couchTlonexperltnce-:th- e The late Duchess of Jpevonshire grew at uiu4cdom uoor, and yet there is comfort anguish ;of ivltncsslhgtbe last fond, tender within where the wifo 'presides aT forty yery stout, Ji Ice many other English cher-Jshewhose-memod will be look of one women, yet she retained her beauty. "How wujujr Hfann-siGDlo. those who fail to and to appreciate have you kept your complexion so pure, my while consciousness j endures," the tender associations , of a hear from those pale, iond lips, a mother's : dearduchess?" asked one: of her fellow-la-- u yifcS allow mo to introduce a mauj who, at : I earnest but almost inaudible prayerful at the i court of Queea Vic-- i ...- - k the close of th iinv wnorW and keeping itoria. ;J 3y drcssing.-atfeasbreathings for Ileaven's care to shield, labor, is plodding his way toward his humsoon be to ble domicile: His limbs are orphaned ; guide and comforf her, my temper,; aid. .the handQme duchess. but his ' weary, Crea-not Great that the Were f it heart Is light, for ho knows that a , genuine In France, where :i women -- hayo t a natural 'darlings-- ?;tor in: His wisdom and goodness lias so or- - r 7:tasto.for whatVis- becoming Jn dress a welcome awaits his nVrfvni ' j Ualned in I the "organization of our; heing-large Yoman, uwears j ample draperies and For there's a bright lljht through tho window, that when brought face to face. with death, loose fitting- gar men which make her. look There Is cheer and comfort within, As well as a heart he' akin to our sensitiveness .deserts U3f :andrwe are j , and eel at her ease.' No labored breathing, " And a love restraining from Bin; no "unusual, redness, no fear' '.of sufiocation. involuntarily thrown into a state ;of:inani- And he feels, though weart delighted senare we which of those tion in ,She is simply 'a largebeautirul Vohjct, in- -' deprived ':.To know there Is one on the earth, enable its to realize stead of a pillow tied in ;theIddle,;wUh a ; sitive attributes which; i nun h unsiwi ,.; : ' Iu aun'pnof ixoite worth.: suffering, few would be j able to 1 pass this general" air5 "of asphyxia, ""Tight 'dreesing . ' . ,. never makes a largo woman look'smaller soul.harrowing ordeaj. rr j UPW IBOfg firivdr. r, JVli urUUIM . J I - M.axo; vai cold clodi have After the giaaac tne pathway of life, thumped upon 'Upper's Bazar: m . l . in-lif- 'k e . 5 1 il s . 1 . - ZE. ; heart-rendin- and-che- er v ry e. -- , dies-in-waitin- g; e -- 5 4 . - 1 , t, - 5 . ; ... : . - i ! . f . 1 4 , 