WO MAN' 44 S .EXPO-NENT- . will et demonstration of the ,s Women cannot talk 'loo much .about' these' matters'. If they do iounderstandirigiyfto; 'as she resided foi i some time iwith her husband acHbr-whi- ch - 'j , IJIWEIISE B. WELLS. v , : peml-montlii- The world says folygamy.makes wornqh y, WfrnlariaTertisersv - Xalyga-m- , y, gives women more time for thought, for mentaJTCUlttrre, 7 more freedom of action a. broader field of labor, inculcates liberality and generosity, develops more fully, the spiritual elemdnts of life; fosters purity of thwgh t and gives wider f coper .to benevolence Jeads wo: men more directly to God the fountain of all truth, k nowledge, light and intelligence. : If those whore anxious Vo promote higher" devlopme;ntyouId consider the true principles upon which to bas'6 marriage, they would look'clpsely into the order 'of plurar marriage1, and some of the most1 momentGUS questions that are''zzlingte world ' a0he present time, might thus bp properly adjusted. Then let women talk, Jand . write, and reasoiij "and think, and interchange their ideas with each other-anwith men. God has ndowed wo? man with reasoning and intuitlvd, powers certainly jHevinteuded her to use her. own -... .'r agency. ... Exponent " Office, corner ef South' Tettiple,ind ; First r 1 T :.!i.T.-lJ.n.- t. n n aSlBlieeiS, opposite xagiu usicuusiucos uuui3 uum iu a.m. to 5 p.m every day except Sunday. Addross aU basiness' co'mrntinicatlons to - Publishers Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City, Utah. : -- SALT LAKE CITY AUGUST fF'V..J jf.li-j't- it r'U:.'- . 15, 1876. " Trt ' , WOMEN. TALKERS ANDOMEN ''I, n T'1 : WRITERS. , , j ; . . ', - , ; "But,wordi are things; and -- , . raijjng newupon drop of ink, a tnougnt, proquc ses ' t' That wblgh makes tbousandpothaps mi! lions think." ' . Byron.5 qThenlet Wjpirien .Tk. ami ymteand think. It is a common aayVn",WQmeu it may be that they do aFout ihatwhich ispf no real Importance, bptiupon subjects Which ; should be well dexstcodr. hwomeii possessing- comnxou intelligence, r there are ft.fyast ma- ; jority who 4o not converse at 1J; tP them Jt-i11 cubbish noneen so and unwomanly.: They a or brother, to tcrhave father husband; prefer . -- har-angd- e" HOME AFFAIRS; !:s'd'J much' questioning cenfury.when' tliere is ,and supremacy, and inf.fTghWadqualit;y ' feriority 8014 "Supef lorVty,ri anU ! bmission and tfnd'ilftnjgand 'iDtluency an3 individuainterest lity,1; it' is but liatutyHo1 tof sucfr a whfclf Brink tneiaTd onj th'9 subjects' variety of adjectives to qualify and 'detefniine their jgenexal and ielati ,ye interest.. r cate4 JTact and palpable 't ail J.hi world, that' there ale thousands of (rornen,,who have ro such fcubstaotiarsupport oak inhoVfprm jtopiingtOi-asafathef.orj brother, and o(; those who havei thejo are many, who ; sufito f moro than those who have not, from intemperance and other causes, consequently it follows that as vines they would tratmponttid tUTthyand very naturally be trod 'upon justjas thousands of women are, iwh6 liavo been taughtahd encouraged in ' 1 de-ipende- Instead of independence. and training it ii aid form Uhdindiviaual; cortainly they tend tottrangth- " . ?ri Circumstances ?yTiiB , tendered Mrs. gusle Marllen, 1 nt T. Mrs.' garden is" Peach Blossom jWas a decided success arJd merited use' acth'fr-appVa- corded her and the corigratulVtion of her friends for her exertions to nlease the public. Several other "parts were extremely well partlcplarly-- these performed by Miss .Col'e.hr'and.Mis? Decker,;...', , ren-itered- M t Ileavffrrlseril" J b tory has written her AutoLiograpby which she purposes publish i ag the presen t year. The ' writerii in her .74 h year, she has kept a jotrrnal almost all her life, and has a record of the mos t 1 m poftan t events. She has a prospectus printed ahd distributed prc-serv- ' fashion, argues men u? .Jcanjiot afbrd 9lves Jh'eyj arg too "expensive a w6 ro k, -- u .around for aomo.avenqe of 5uppoit,'s6m'e prac-- . tlcal,:payiog jncjf labor, These matters mloiif tliought, reTUirf,rrq'itr l onidffn-duceme- r lukry: then benefit - develops "importanT charicteristics. Custom the Irrepressible tyrin Ip has j 1 u the : past constrained parenU to tralri their boys for to luu gins io "c u re-quj- ... at thorhealrQ ou Saturday eveningj Aug, 5th, Svas not so larger' attended as the? occasion deserved. The Belcction of ho profammo fdr the entertainment presenteda most 'altrac-tiv- e bill, and those who - profess so ihrtclv'atl-miratfo- n Tor 'the diama ought'to tifler and ericouyagementto iio3fBfAL-kx- -;- . appre- - . , elegani education advancement, "or- pipgref $j oh inriii uut industrial empioymchts.v - ti tlje m lilrs. Havd-loc' arid M rs. Rat t ray, '32 i gl I'sh people, cal K bii londay, Aug. 7th, and spent 'ah hou'r pr t wo i n a cieerfu t sGpial way. They had b$h .under, the impression that this people "djsour-agec- l in this wonqerruiiy'eniigntenea nineteenth msVrjag(3;Rs , -- Ecenery.etc;:Vi'3ar.--Havel6ck- looK-'iorwar- - theWr of h$ , T: cii-and ; ; fiety and beauty. . WE ifAvfi had sevi-ra- l pleasant calls vvithih the past week7froii strangers, people of refinement and culture. Almost' inmnably Tthey express themselves jrleastd with Ihe iocality and general appearanceof the city, the moun-tain . wbij-authen- , ciate, these delightful atid pleasant reminders of the "perfection of the works of :G6d, and we to the lady for tliex4kjn4re.nMm; arerateful ' branch. The flowers vrcre deiioat'e a?id choice ones, and the trailing vines, (crus and fancy glasses gave an add t ion al "charm, to their ya. : -- ; AciiNQtVLDGl bouquet pf flowers ;'frbm'Kir& thorn '.Uiffsupport ihern ?and; ;6 -- defend them. It is td educate this class of ATdmen upon such -- eased tial points, tliat- - i t becomes more than ever1 necessary to tpeak, and write, and The -- vine ' and oak theory, that- - has ' "De6tto'"romynically Written about by a certain class of uHor3, will1 answer' peri) aps ih exceptional cases, but how it will apply to the world of mankind and womankind in general, those who are observers of modern' Society - . f s -- 1 will be , Jill JtrJiii XuHLJi'd.. . and familyincludin in friendship with thol natives, a teacher to their children fec, of heKrhahy trials shared with the saints, in their persecutions wanderings and drivings.1 She closes .the prospectus by saying the work Bhall have one merit, it slstinenlighteninhemselves aiid'bhers. In Salt .Lake City, Utah,. one T'nW One copy year, $2.00; one cdpy six monthe, 1, 03, ; Ten coplci? for the price of nine" Advertising rotes: Eacli Bqtiare ten" lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.06Y per inonth, 83.00. A liberal- - discount to rbjlshed -- ' - Editors. "J 1 ' i . . - a-C,- ; nest and indefatigable workers in the cause of Woman's Suffrage etc., delivered two lectures ' ri, this du ri ng her rcen city." The" fi rs t was designed particularly, to benefit her feex, and enlighten them on some particular; essential points of 'which many ' women seehl entirely ignorant and Unconcerned. It was entitled, "Personal Experiences which led to my Mission." MrsvSuniway, ..is extrrneiy practical and matter-ef-fain all. her .vie ws arguments and reasonings. She lectured without r notes or1 references. :6f any description, hesitated for. a ord, or 'seemed in the least embarrassed..; Her second lecture was upon railroads etc andl she evidently understood her subject in all its multifarious bearings. Her descriptiQU of the lorth-wester- n part of the United States, Oregon and Washinteresting. ; She enuington was .extremely merated? the many advantages which would acexue to .benefit the country at large if this . grand and wealthy region could be connected Eas, by railway with San Franeisco and-t- he timImke The Salt central the making point bers, the coal mines, the fisheries which are so abundant there, these were all.: deasanted upon in her mos glowing descriptive terms.; 'V A ug- 7th, the formal . Monday mobnixg Institute opened its annual' session' tor eleven days, it is under the management of Dr. " There was a full attenclance. Moat of . the, teachers are residents of Salt Lake County, Weber and Utah Counties are next best represented. The exerciser so far , have been very intere$tihg:apd; highly instructive, and-mion those who arc attencenfer material tively and. assiduously appl'ing .themselves to the department1: of? teaching, or the jmcquire-jiieof '.knowledge. :Prof. Maeser's lectures I on' history and natural science are remarkably solid and well worthy contemplation. The instructions, in geography by Mr. Charles -Wright, are very i good, and8 the illustrations ; are' clear arid practical. Prof. M; H. Hardie on 'the subject of reading express his ' vietvs 'arixifdeas inuch a rriannerlS to awaken much interest 'in this important subject; it 'Is the ptevaiHrig Idea of ' most persons t hat'toho able to priuou Iho paujes and ucttia'tibri marks', constitutes like music, agwd frea& harrh8hiou3;;or niust be 'it 'grates upon', the scn' firier'sen$es like 'i bidly'sung 'Or an M. 'Ottinger's outof 1'aro Jilustxaiis of drawing happily rendered ' and scalculate4 to, make Impressions favrifat)! : . tcj th useful an dt beautiful art. ' "Tite LA'nrEi Certtenrilal Territorial j Fair still coiitinues a ttractive to ' visitors. Several rUUrdrW i n "SvomarilU'nrkf ;jfaVe beeivbTOUgpt ' since the first opening; among thesejoJ:' which tay ct and-neve- , - ?VR-Par- k. ? ist , ht -- , -- j -- -- J in-8tjum- ent : ( -- needle-wor- k, to ed among her frleildsiin lhiS eho Tefers to"some of ihe.min, incidents of- - her history, of her journey by land from the Atlantic- to the before the days ot cars and steam, of ber ' rojoumon (he Poth rJf,o Igbcd vhfe strictly jbiUE. ly Irs. il. ElifJbivlpg; heard the : E voice of th?!-Lor- calling hira." The scene is well represented 7fVy natural for the kind of work which" pf equrfe Is not equal' to a painting, in iikeriesa rfi toj life, ,T WTm.-.- Matthews is somefhiog exqulsiip' lu beauty and rarity. The sjlk work, laces, vcii fichu, nd han4erch!efp, ail. entirely of.horjJ? ; . . 