WO 82 industry, and of making substantial ing such as we can manufacture ourselves; sho also spoke of the necessity of meeting President : Mrs. M. L Home was present and after the reading oi min- utes from different wards addressed; tho! meeting on t.the various subjects now under consideration, She exhorted the sisters to encourage all I home, 'institutions, and above Mrs. Zina Young spoke upon sericulture, showing how very easy we could raise, the materials,and that it would be for our good. anbuJf jyeMdajaot Vehad do right It Is not for the want of instruc. tioris. J I will thank my sisters for their, kindly visit and good counsel, and may God bless : them in their labor. our can we in as well as We are doing ; scattered condition. iWe have a good room well carpeted and furnished. Wo take care 1 -- good-meet- ing , 7$Yio rll vol theireligiOn InauTacceptable -mariner; she spoke of theV sorrow, manifested by iho people, no w hat they. could no longer' have the privilege of officiating for -- . , their dead, and advised all those present to bewaro of rpirastlnatlQniiest - grbomhould: cb ' Mrc E. liarexj. . "the'Bride- ac- . someof tlie'seU whichnad attended their; efrortsV :,Mrs; B. W.; Smith, Mrs. 7P. ;W6pdrufT, ahd Mrs. ' Margaret P. Young all spoe rijn th0 prin- , s :k tho gospel teresfing one seemed to abound in' the hearts, jof' the sis- ' ' ." . co-work- ers arid1 the jBpiHt ;.of ters; Wi.ltwishe's for'tho.advancepient pf home manufacture, every jgpcxl work and we remain the pf those; who labor for the advancement of the Kingdom of ? Gospel arfd r tho; iostimofiy of. the HolyT Spirit :The meeting; was fln in. : - , Sevier CouirtY, Editor Exponent: Mrs. Oct 7th, 1876. Elizabeth Carlisle, Sec'yr . The following Is is a brief report of our societies. The sisters are alive to their du. ties and aro trying to serve God in a right arid acceptable mariner. Our Relief s as organized Dec. 25, 1873, 'arid Sister Margaret Rasmaaen was chooson for bur president but being called to move away, Bister Margaret Anderson was chosen to fill her place. We find her a good, kind presi. dent and ono who is trying to live her religion and help tho sisters, and especially -- 1 hoppor in aU their needs for comfort or as sistance ; of any sort. A number of the feoen baptized ibr : the, re j Saints jhero hay, ?;the.r;tcoylellantsl, enjoying the n Spirit of the Lprd, arid He has..blessed them : Virgin City, Kane o. Utah, October 16th7 1876. . -- - . ; , ; . With an'abunancof haiYet this - season.1 to The brethren , ' storo away the grain, and ar ,v&t$uby$y, Wp meet .every; Fast day and: every ;second Thursday and converse .upon . theprinciples. of purTellgiqn. ihe teachers; visit the dif-once, a, month and .find ou,t. the . canditipn pfathsiRis ' arid. .wre,? there i ; ,are anyjiclpr poor-- thatto are in need j wo V give comfort ancattend their ;wants;:Jm-- .' e also have a :Young Ladles mod lately .Society.wi j ich J7as; organized, last all .with fotyfwjng Pacers. : .afrsMary i Ann t Steele, Jresideijt; ,Mrs. JJannah. J, t Spencer, r and Mrs. ii.Sa rah f:. Casto, . Cppn$elorsr Iiss tharirie j rtlo, Secretary , and There - aroj but ; Treasurer iraMVyPenij ft?w 3 livery ypungj jadiQ? ,Intour small place, .but thpra Islarge numcer of iinaU girls y froj;nino to twelve years pi; age, jwhojpve to attend meeting, and ye ,hope ; at .some future day to have a large and intelligent vSoclety.T ; , " " Vishing'you SIs-tsuccess, I remain ! your J '' ': 's'l: irijh'e Gospel,' . : in May, ou r Retrenchment Association numbered thirty, two;, since that time it has increased to for. ty members, .and more are joining , almost every meeting. We hold . our meetings f When we last wrote to you, .. . -- . -- ;ter dinner f the quitifiriUhed,; '.jUtexvrda . the mothers.; After singing and prayer, Sisters Maria Spendlove and Alice Isom delivered lectures, which..wweJ listened to with great Interest, and which ,were truly encouraging and edifying to the youti&.' 'At six p. m. all met at the hall to enjoy themselves in the recreatlou of a dancei which closed at ten, when all expressed themselves well pleased with the: evening entertainment A good spirit prevailed throughout the entire day. Hoping for tho success of your valuable paper, .we remain as ever your sisters ' : 1 : er 4 t. Editor. Exponent: i -- .. 17, 1$7C. ' . . . : '", Our? Relief Society , meetings aro ;held every , second . Thursday , in each month, jt Last month: .wo had tho pleasured of a visit : from somo i o f f tha sisters - from th e cityi ii Miss E.i R. Snow, Mrs, ;Zina D. Younir.- -- Mrs. JB. Davis, Mrs, P.! Staines, and Mrs. E. ' ) : P1- kert 'XmOOOOf Urazil i government of the mother: ; dueallbwan08 is npcessary in order to guide and restrain Without repressing, and thus perhaps blent' ing some strong attributo whlch, careaw guided; would constitute strength: of chJJJ dieter. Thus Is the sphere of womanhojo equivalent to. that of a queenriand : 2,W,000 Holland Should GTemisA her hnnt nnrt hihestt' ties to sway such a sceptre aa shall : , 130,000,000; 80,000,000, kecninc oa fiir as hnaaihlrf nacMai', -- l;hena queen without being a despot" ; IndUa, y place and; giving to each tho Tight 'wai1 is due. .i The varioty of temperament Is on item which cannot bo disregarded in -' 350,000,000. The debt of Hussia . amounts to 340,000,000. The German Empire 200,000,000; Tur -- sWav. al debt of 000,000,000) reatBritain a debt of 7B0,O00,000.;; hfr United States, 390,000000;-'Spain- 13 em-br- - National Debts i rrance :has a nation- 470,000,000; 375,000,000; Austria, - j'- XA7CINDATRATTON, EWEANOR JEPSON, Italy,-- ' : uowardxi.nr- - Asso-- ; iatlon held a meeting, to which the Young Men's Aisociatfqn had been invited, and the girls , had; been requested to. invite their i This undeniable; the anxiety involved In .maternity is well . understood by all who have experienced its pains and anguish. The: feeblerTe;ss fant, unable to express m wants or its pains, continually beset by dangers io its frail lift from the very first, constantly appeal to the mother's nature, when her pwn strength iJ just slowly returning The restless nights, the attacks of sickness now and then, the anxious watching and waiting, all tell upon the mother. And when the -- baby can press its wTants and its feelings how much way wardness to be controlled and checked, what ill tendencies to be: subdued. And it is seldom for one alone otheso; bnergfes and aympathfes are called into: action there b usually a group, a little community, an o kingdom, over which the i mother M assertion n'i ,;e.ri)Lables-.waTerieinoyed- : Mn-CREEKpc- Mothers have many serious cares: . , ; altars, and written in Japanese ink, anywhere and everywhere about this interior of the statue are Innumerable names and addresses of Visitors. ; once in two weeks; we employ pur time in speaking, reading from the Exponent and 7 ether guod publicatipns, and In working at iffqrent kinds of work. On Friday, Oct. Cth, the Association met at the school house ;for thp purpose otiquilting a quilt, the first that had been completed in the Association; the young ladies .worked, very diligently v their till,i2 o'clock, .when , a)l , brought picnic, and a.jtablo ,was set the'length pf the hall, and at one p. m. about forty (including a; few of our mothers, whQ had been inyited good dinnert. Af-in)iWer.eseated at . ' : . : , wire-guarde- Editors Exponent So-;cle- ty . l . . Pres't , i f Mrs. Mary McAlwster, ., SteoNA, cross-legge- d, , . Bailbutz, meaning the "Great Buddha," a bronze idol is situated in tho midst of a plain, once the site of a large city, now only surrounded by a thin grove of trees which have outlived the more perishable temples and shrines once included In these sacred grounds, and of the city only a stniggling village remains, It is called Kamakura. Dail. butz,meaning the ''Great Buddha," is about seventy feet ia height, entirely of. bronze, and represents the god in his usual state of the profound repose, sitting eyes closed,and hands clasped, with) thumb, naib meeting. It rests upou a stone found, ation, and In front of it, upon a stone altar, are two' large bronze vases, each containing blossoms and leaves of the lotus, a sacred plant of the Buddhists, perfectly carved in bronze, and in front of both is the inevita. ble cash-bo- x Climbing up the folds of the god's garment, which .form safe footholds for some distance, we sat down on his im. men3e thumbs, and some idea may be formed-othe size of this statue by the fact that three grown persons can sit comfortably on one thumb, between its end and the second joint. This majestic idol, perfect in its proportions, and sublime in its ex. pression of an eternity of repose, was placed in its present position many centuries ago so many that the exact date of its erection is unknown. Two d windows aro cut in the back near the shoulders, and a door cut oa one side admits visitors. Inside is a good, sized room, with images of various saints on two rough altars, and incense burning before them. Cut in the' wbbdwork of the the needy. The of :tieickrnd-:hei- i Young Ladies Retrenchment Association is dopg well under the presidency 'of Mrs. ; Jstiella Carlisle. hey take the Exponent. I and xeadselections from It in their meet-- Barney, gave some count r of thecent visit piielhalJ made to orthe : together often. day, Oct. 14.: ciples THE GREAT JAPANESEAl,TATT OP DAILBUTZ." cloth- The meeting of the Senior and Junior Retrenchment Association was held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Satur- -- EXPONENT. r Miss E. R. Snow spoke to us about home ' .... - M A N1 g ....... . ' ri this simple fact that wo cannot acf ratcly forsee the future, lies a refug f H despair, Low.e3 ?i i r ; :i iN : I 