WO AN EDITOR'S WIFE, - YesI'ra'Mra. Peter." Snow; an' editor''. Wife. I well remember tho day when Mr. Snow asked me to becouie.his wife. I con I liked;; Mr; 1 : ten years "of married Iife and find my hus- - D guut-i-uuiure- ur a m - 4 W v- ? 7 me." . The baby is still; another! hour, passes i without a breath of noise. Becoming tired of silence, I take a lamp and retire for the with night, leaving Mr. Snow so engaged his paper that he does not see me leave the ro6ip74 Towards midnight" he comes to bed, and 'Just 'as hVlias" fallen asleep; the 7 baby take3 a notion i6 cry again; 1 rise as quietly as possible, and try to still him. While I ain --walking the. room with a. young Snow in myarms. our next a boy of three years ; ; . K Itinera v iud nn There is no other course but 'to call Mr. Snow, so I call out: "Mr: Snow! Mr: SnowJ" ; and 'starts he replies: up The third time -- : Degins 10 ey.reaiu wk "What! Tim; more copy?" : As though I was Tim, that little imp run- : ; ning aboui thB office. 1 il reply jfiather; Itartly have No I don' t want any more copy had enough of that to last me a lifetime I want you: to see) what Tommy is crying about." ' a desnerate effort to to take a rouse himself; as Tommy-stopmo to breath, he falls asleep again, leaving pace: the room in as much vexation as.;I can comfortably contain. The next, morn. Snow an Ing, at breakfast, when I gave Mr. he re-- . account of last night's adventures, Tit- r- finnw s -- plies:- - -;., -- . " v. child-- ; "Indeed, my dear, I am sorry the ren troubled you." ' If I even com-- I This is always thej-vayam very plain, It is: "Indeed my dear, , . , sorry, -- , y . i;, the very same thing occur the should But before his eyes, subsequent night, directlysee or know, any very likely he would" not: 10 iuiw-ruhappenedwoulxl thing about It, unless It Then e he his train of ideas. it ntp catnip tea; butiDcforo Ibe canjget into faraway thnlnfimtstomacblheill the realms of thought,, leaving mo not a little vexed at his stupidity.; - Mr. Snow knows the nature of every pathe ynited per published In England and of him.tell States, but he cannot far the life knows prethe names of his children. He Journal, cisely the yearsof every American own his of but he does not know the age " , v pt pro-pos- Lovely solitude; ! ..fact; lu .iuv uuiiiuj bed of peaceful slumbers to; take up once more tha dliiyuties dtTtirdusewiferyrT surthey seem to be so in harmony wi th our roundings amid the mountains, where wc are enjoying a goodly portion of God's choicest blessings, Health and quietude. I feel ike breathing, forth a prayer of -gratitude to my Heavenly Father for His protecting care, the society of a husband who" is constant and true, healthy and intelligent children and the privilege ofWcliving are in this last great dispensation. surrounded with all the advantages we need wish for and if we only make the best of them, we have all the necessary comforts of life,; which if we cannot pro; 1 duce we can purchase from auroad. I do think if we would try and appreciate these blessings and then contemplate our situation not were we deprived of them, wo:r wonldrash-ions be; so easily led away with the foolish of the world. We all know that times wilt not always be as they are now, that some time' in. great changes must come, that to depend up the near future we will havb on our own resources; when we understand tnesc things it is apparent to all, women as well as men that it will bo to our advanbecomtage to lend a helping hand towards r ' people. ing a and tinie which arc means If the extra need, only to spent for things we do not were spent in kei-ourselves fashionable, the educating of our children in the princihavo more ples of the Gospel, they would confidence in and more love for us, and as and womanhood they grew up to manhood astheir minds would not bo so easily led -- self-sustaini- ng p the extray; for children naturally : follow would it not ample of their, parents. i ,0h, g be a great satisfaction to see them all y the lives of Saints.;have had and mother I am but ayoung but little experience, but in my hours of gratitude' and contemplation thisthissubject presents itself tome forcibly. In Itslight found way your excellent little paper has this place. I Into a number of families in ben- can say for myself it is read with great efit. My desire is tnai 1 riuay MJur i use of the instructions viucn are inu liv-in' - to one and all. : ' , Qxfbrdpnelda i x Co. . Jan llth, :t jj. J. n 187G. THE ORIGIN OF NEWSPAPEHS. It Who thought of the newspaper first? of have had birth in that land si scems-tthe -and id gesture and grave gossip-Italywas first paper of which we have any .record o . : y,i-'-,- i' ;4i"' 5;VC 'v- The epoch of the Spanish armada, in England, was the epoch of the - first English In tho British Museum are newspaper. preserved several newspapers which were printed in 15S3, while the Spanish licet l iy in tho British Channel The earliest of theso is entitled tho "English' Mercuric, which,by auihorityi;lwas Imprinted at Lour ' Omhin? streams and fount alus -- LMurmurt Ood p good. :v r: I (5ftea feel "like chanting thesebeautiful from TflVV Itttho'irr iha mnfnlno whpn T'nrlsft " iiucil a, -- , . ! t Moru amid tbo mouatulns, . J Ga-zer- KEFLKCTIOXS OP A' YOUNG MOTIIEK. . - ,. a monthly, published in Venice, by order of the Government, in manuscript, a3 printing not then been invented. It was called " had Gazetta,whJch word was a driyative of the name of a magpie oV chatterer. In tho Maghabecula Library, at Florence, are now. to be seen thirty volumes of Venetian 'gazettes in manuscript; tho last ot which is dated In tho sixteenth century. The Venetian conservatives clung to their script alter printing was an accomplished' .' I break the silence by asking: von order that coil I did Snow, VI v . about spoke to you 1. At w '1 "What did you say, my ueary" ne assa, after a few moments' silence. "Did you )fder that coal I spoke to you about?". TnriAr1. mv dear.' I am sorry.' but I for " : :: got all about it?'cilannfl wiiipll -IS relieved -- Anlitti.1irnr,a VV V XXutSlA '. to by the baby's crying, and, rather liking sort, I make no effort hear a noise of some v f? to quiet him. r :f 7 MSJfjr; JWMv- - papfi aer ne nas crieuat , o 7, IUIUUIU ut uv - V wj"- troub-le- s he to tea him; some quiet catnip by length, . ; an aiuiauie, iiiuu. his at3 home, evenings He ahvays spends .and is in that respect a model man; but he always brings a pile of exchanges which is. only limited by the length ohisv arms, and reads, while I patch the knees and elbows of our boy's pantaloons and coat. After wo band to baby. Ho knovv's liow every contributes 1?i lodks,but I do not believe he can tell wlieth- - -er my eyes are black or blue. 'iir. i Mr. Snbw, rich., say f; All getting They I know is, he gives me monoy' to clothe our boys, and that, too; without a complaint of poverty. I hope the world is right in its opinion, and when I am satisfied it is, I shall advise him to resign his editorial honors and spend a few. months in becoming acquainted with his wife and clilldrennTlie- : V little ones will feel much flattered ; in making the acquaintance of so literary a man. r . . Snow, ana thinking: it would be a very fine thing to be the wife, of an editor, I said yes as pretty as I knew how, and I became Mrs. Snow. I have seen fess 135 , " ..,.. EXPO N E NT. M doubyTIIeTlIlglmesCl t li ti tarly journal are tho news of the day, andTiU : arouse and, stiffen limit! Iqynlty,. .tells of the discovery of a Span'lshplot. to murder -1 , . tlreTtiUOeiirhprc-- 1 er ar h?rpicf pocnif 0 Eliz:abethe Triumphaustol.V by one JameAsker; a critical article of an, iunfortunatb author, entitled "Father Purgons' CpaWcll , ail . Dusted,1' and various witiyJ saying-?printed in Itoman letter. To a physician 6f ParispBenandot, befirst collected in longs the credit of having of various counfugitive sheets, tho news tries. The first venture was a weekly, is sued In healtliy seasons, wnen pauenis were few and tho Doctor at leisure. He obtained , a license to do this in 1C32. Ex. - -- ' the sex ix Persia. . ; There arc womeu in Persiareal ladies who are as fair and beautiful as ever was Italia Kookh, whom the Cape Cod girls call for In Boston bookstores under tho title of j enry because the ShaVln his European tour I sought the society of tho Schneiders and her.; sort. Very many of the, Persian wo-- 1 men of the higher classes have tho fair com-- 1 Circas-- i plexion and regular features of tho sian and Georgian races, with which the nativo blood has been so beneficially and freely mixed. ,They are-- clover, lively, and frequently, wear in, the highest; household . I . ; as well as their the metaphorical own elaborately embr61decd;ff6vvsers; in other words they reign supreme; imi many of them lead a lazy,' luxurious, and terribly monotonous life. Most of them learn to read and "write, and' they devote hours to tho perusal of the Persian poet?. Contrary to the opinion which Jiai generprevailed' in Christendom the Persian ally - - mciV aro - not com mum y m ci t j cjhuu3, uuvi much men and women and daughters eDjoy Hlxirfv. minor unattended to the public baths and bazaars and visiting their fiicnds. There aro two kinds of marriage in Persia, one permanent, which restricts the poor husband to four wives only, and the other when the contract Is mado for a stated period, permitting ait unlimited number in-of wives who are generally women of an ferior class, and who act as sorvauts for tho permanent wives. But tho children of both classes aro equal in rlfeftts and status, and are' ranked as legitimate. The great "mass of men In Persia marry but one wife ailks aud jewels are as expensive there as elsewhere and such wives generally load i ; ? ? ' " , contented and happy life. 