' wom'an:' s.exfon ent. 158 7 ,:'-- J- the nearest point of the mainland ;a considerable portion of the ruins of the castle are to be found; The poet state4 that;he believed that the -- island had been originally TENNYSON'S SUMMER HOME. on tho Isle of I sat upon a projecting rock : feet above the sea, Tintagel, hundreds, which was rollingrliuipon tho beach below.; with wayward indolence.' Close by rose the tall cliffs of the Cornish coast, with their ' d sides. . : i Z:.:: The ruins of the castle, with its decayed and tottering stones, raise again, in imagin-- tion, in all of its barbariCr splendor; tower : and battlements glistened with the spears of armed men; the rattling of arms' and tramp of steeds were, heard coming down - the ravinea goodly company of bravo knights and fair ladies at their head, he, their king, jmdjrhHn by his side, " Authur, on her snow . white palfrey, the sweet but faithless Guinevere, and behind them, fore- - most among'fthraintonceto merry laughter and many a courtly jest, 4hey passed over the bridge (which now the waves of the Atlantic have swept away, leaving- but a few urough stories) into the castle.ll ft . ! : l ' My day dream was suddenly interrupted ' by discovering a stranger near me.v '( f. I aroso from my seat and approached him.' It was one of those wild solitudes, far away from any human habitation, . where you would always forget the formalities of life, and address any stranger you might' hap- -' Before I reached him, 1 1 pen to meet. know, although I had never looked upon: his face before, that I stood in the presence of the great magician who had peopled the! ; r ulti-mate- ly . w ' . v itude; rBoth are evidently attractions to the. poet laureate, for he frequently spends weeks , at the place, roaming around, the. wild coast scenery .alone, dreaming of the heroes that once fought and, .did deeds of daring upon its now desolate shores,, 'and ; MISCELLANEOUS. " , . . i : e Be-vie- w. i . perseverance would lay dormant. Without this faculty, and, the spirit of can never attain celestial glory energy-wand exaltation, for, the Scriptures tell us that they who overcome will inherit ;these blessings; and if we persevere every day ol our to overcome our sins and follies, templ lives tations and .weaknesses, then we may be found worthy through the - graco L of God, having become sanctified ,arid pii'ri- fied through dpedience, toJhe Gospel of pur Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, and. become heirs of salvation through perseverance arid ' endurance. -7 .' : 7 E. J.. Mathews. V20th Ward, S. . City. - ruins and the solitude' around me with H i bright visions.. V,... .... , was the eet Tennyson; the, face and' f framing. other poetic stories to be added to figure .that ,1 had so often .seen pictured - could not bo'mistaken. most men Like' of the Idyls 'of the King, The North. ',. and mark ho had striking appearance, Wherever you met him, you would at onco ". IFcfr ; the Exponkxt. set him down as a man of ,no' ordinary char PERSEVERANCE. acter; tali, but looking taller than he really was on account of his spare framejfaIlow V Perseverance is a subject of vital Importcomplexion, with keen dark eyes and shag-- , ance to every thinking mind, there is nothgy eyebrows, unshaven, with a long beard and mustache turning Iron gray, and long ing in fact, could be accomplished successfully without it ; No mercantile business hair, of the same color falling to his shoulcould succeed without this principle and exders, he had generally an unkempt appear, i 'll ;" actness. ance; his dres3 did not appear to have, been The lad who is appreri ticed to ' learn a made by a fashionable tailor, and it looked useful trade would fail without it, but if he as if some years had elapsed since it was first worn; in his mouth ho had a short perseveres and accomplishes the purpose his and he black pipe, which ho was smoking. Not parents or guardians becomes complete-mastof his trade : or the kind of man the reader would imagine wrote "Come into the Garden,' Maud." profession his energy and perseverance urges him onward and ho aims to excel in I first accosted him, saying: r whatever he does. The student who wish I believe I have the honor of speaking es to acquire a knowledge of any study or to Mr. Tennyson?" to learn foreign languages so that he may In reply he stiflly bowed his head, some. ; what surlily, I thought: ,i speak with fluency, or write them correctly, mu3t exercise his faculties or fail to accomI told him who I was, and that I had come to Tintagel to look upon the scenes ho had plish that which he desires. It gives a force liter-and ; of our li ves made so familiar to readers of English energy to every action whether for goodorevhV ' ature. Ho commenced asking me quesWithout this great principle our' beloved tions, mostly concerning the United States, its literature, and thcjJEnglish authors that 1 Prophet Joseph Smith would have failed to a were mostly read there. Ho expressed accomplish his mission in bringing forth tho record of the, ancient Inhabitants of : this great admiration for Longfellow, whom,. he of know personally. He then pointed out varcontinent, and establishing Qod upon the earth, but ho persevered even ' ious objects of interest that had escaped my unto death, and succeeded in accomplishing notice among the ruins of the castle, on the the work he was destined to perform. island arid tho shore, among others King ; Were it not for this great and grand at- -, Arthur's drinking cup, a huge piece of rock ...tribute the apostles would have failed to: hollowed out into tBe shape of a bowl, and l plant the principles of. truth, and 1 open the large 'enough Jb hold" the contents' of a bar-- . door of the Kingdom of God in tourown rel; and a small, chapel, - the- - foundation native land and in the different nations off can be traced, and in which the altar rethe earth ,:but they persevered with all their stone, a solid piece of hewn rock, still r mains perfect. f :V might, mind and strength, both by day and1 Tho island is but a few hundred yards in by night to accomplish the work the Lord' diameter. It is almost circular, and rises required at their.bands, and therefore they; out of the sea, with abrupt, precipitious succeeded; and we are this day witnesses to this great fact; as also' arc ihoimnds now side?, at least two hundred feet high. On ,( r out f "! , - ; ' ' : ; ... .i. : 1 m, r -- ; ; : m ; . ch ; r -- , " -- : : . , . -- ; ; ' , Her i " er of-whi- is. tea-tim- e. have--desired- , ; ,.y;i Maid-of-all-Wob- k. - ; tha-Kingdo- The JModel slip-sho- d. : . r-r;y- : age fourteen, Her arms are bare and hex feet Her curls are rarely out of paper. She sports a clean apron on the SunIt is a mystery where day, about - she some say the kitchen, in one of sleeps; the large d ra wers ; arid others declare she has a turn-u- p bed in the hall clock; but it is not known for positive whether she goes to bed at all. She has a wonderful affection for the cat Everything that is missed, or lost, or broken, or not eaten, she gives un hesitatingly to himv JSho isqt fond of the "but has a good natured pardrawing-rootiality' for' the garret, who sings funny songs, and gives her occasionally an order for the play. She takes her dinner whilst washing the dishes, and 'never gets her breakfast till' all the floors are done with the One tea pot She tries very hard to answer five bells at once; and in despair answers none.' She always forgets the mustard, and prefers, blowing the fire with her mouth instead of the bellows. Her hands will not bear : minute Inspection; and no wonder, for she is cleaning boots, or washing, or cooking dinners all the day long. r She. carries , coals hands bread r on, a .fork, and in adust-pawipes plates oa her apron. She is abused v by everybody, and never gets a holiday.. She only knows It is Sunday by the lodgers, stopping in bed later than usual, and hav-ing- .t wice as many dinners to cook. She is never allowed to go out, excepting to fetch beer and tobacco. . She hears complaints with-put- 'a withputa murmur,and listens to jokes smile. She get3 six pounds a1 year, and is expected to wait on about twenty persoils, todo the work of five servants, to Jove all the children in the house, and to bo ' "honest for the inoriey. v T " y . - t gentlemen, who; was recently have done wise" "Yes," replied the other, undoubtedly you" have done wise, or i;v- -'; V''--' otherwise!". ' 1 'A mar-- : to the officiating clergyman (a ried, said confirmed wit) in bad grammer: "I think I , . , - Without perseverance we cannot make our Centennial Territorial Fair a success; ancTit should be ourearnest desire, in fact it is a duty incumbent on each of us to take 4 lively interest in assisting to produce ' something that will add to its advancement ; we are all endowed with talents that with- - . - , : : - ' . h u , . , , : :: " connected row isthmus that the sea had washed away or else that a bridge had been built over, which .had 4 shared: ,te36ame f$to, , .I'here; were traces of masonry on both sides, "find at low tide you can still walk .across. .'We lead3 down to walked uprthe ravine-whicthe sea, into the high lane, and hepointed out to me the supposed field of Camel! the scene of the JKiog's last struggle. "There," said he,"is a panorama. Every spot oh which your eye rests has some historical interest" It had none other,for the country was as bleak and wild as can be imagined, with scarcely any vegetation. Away north was Launceston, to. whose abbey-t- he faithless Guinevere retired and , became its Lady Abbess. A few miles away was the little town of Camel ford (the Camelot), arid yonder a small lake .that might have served, "for the burial place of "Excalibat.'V ; We walked over- - to the small village of Tintagel, a1 .'dreary. looking place of one the poorer street; contain a few houseai-oihnf and One handsome house, classy a' small ' which was the summer residence of Mr. j Scott, then?the editor of the Saturday) The places could have but two charms its historic associations and its sol- 1 rock-ribbe- rejoicing'in the light of .the gospel and the blessings of the Holy Priesthood, Through perseverance the pioneers of this 'country overcame every difficulty subdueoV the sterility. of the country: and the Lord has smiled upon ;Hl3 people, arid crowned the" persevering labors of His servants with v success, in. causing the earth to bring forth in rich abundance, and thus are we sustain. , - n, 1 ; -- j, 