SAM LAKE CITY; Vol. ofrthe Universe;" whose arms cling stronger r even, amid the ruins of her once cherished hvpes, her soaring ambition for the upward- i progress of that being who is indeed "bone of her bone and flesh of her flesh," and whose spirit even is twin with hers in their mysterious ' relationship! ?Noto her noiseless unsleeping watchfulnessyes that which none but an Omniscenteye can weigh and measure, her care to provide for every want in Infancy and childhood; to minister to every necessity, feeding the body with wholesome food, and mind with" mental sustenance, its heart and brain with love, ' strength and "endurance, day by tla: and ' year by year; and when the trial of reproof comes how she mburnain 'her !;inmbst4s6ul, ; what violence does she :riot inflict upon her ovri feelings nothing but strongr Vlnci-- ; pia enables her to set aside her tender love, and take the place of judge arid inflfctbr; but she dare not pass oyer an offense, which, If indulged may create a1 growing : pow'erj that may enroll her child as the con 01 aat serpent ancTpoison eveh'the springs of life? like the destroyingUpas! Here' comesjtho; TKUE FRIENDSHIP. True friendship Is the diamond of the mind ' The Jewel that enriches all that fiod. Deep in the heart, transparent and so fait, . : How 6ftly fall the evening shadows pale, Golden and purple sunsets blend and fade: - f Night robes earth quietly with mantling veil, And peace aud rest the gentle hour pervade. G reat nature soothing with her potent poVri ' Breathes to the " worldrworn heart'' her sympathy; hour And 'mid the tranquil of such spell-bouTbemem'riesof the past steal tenderly. Athwart the scene the moon with golden trail, As erst, with pitying-glancand mellow'd lig h t , the Sweeps through empty space with steady sail, And floods with beauty the enchanted night. It U the hour for sweet and tender thought, And whisperings of the life that is to be And Faith and Trust with holy impulso fraught, Speak to the soul In nature's poetry, Unconscious of ourielves wsj iold to sleep ; j And bright-robe- d beings round our coaches stray, In sacred stillness holy vigils keep, And night assumes the sceptre of Ker swsy. : Emilk. V ; nd e trial, like her SavTo'sHeoes away; land weeps, and praysfor strength" to do. 'h'er may never sting ; duty, that her. The , child: knows nothing of her sor--: row, the wringing of 'her "heart,; pitbablyr thinks her harsh unjust,'5 unkind, ajmosti feels for the time itf Ui$Hkb :riej butthe' true mother rises" inthetlfgnity of maternity, and persists in her Judicious soverself-reproa-ch ? -- " 187(L . : Under the control and; govern- ' ' ..... i, For the Expoxest. THE TRUE MOTHER. - true mother is a type in minature of her own Great Father. It .may appear a bold assertion but. when we realize her character as it has been exhibited tinder nil the phases, circumstances: tnsts "inrl trials it will be seen that the assertion is truth, allowing that there must bo an immense disparity. The developed life of the mother has never been traced upon any page, or laid bare to any human eye, it is the philosophy" of this sublunary state of existence. No doubt it is traced in all its Divinity, In Wits-sublim- a endurance, its its eterriai'love, beauty, devotion,' yes, and in air its agonies often its crucifixion of the beart and. brain? upon an immortal tablet- no doubt is traced "the Martyrdom ofthere, Maternity." But all mortal martyrdom has? its encompassing Joys, its glories, and its honor, Soistho mother rewarded. - Her love is er propelling power and fyer exceeding great rewardit is 'the ;moyin.irUiclpIe6f. every thought and action, nothing can destroy Cold neglect harsh treatment, The "uri-writte- 1 Hannah S. L. City, May 76.' Kino. "; T. 1 ; . n self-abnegati- on, it ingratitude; eignty. ment of sucn: a JrnoheVirlaW"mee Order; peace and :leare:tKe Elemeuttf her kingdom, and sjie Isth'e.Plahet. Star of that Orbit. Her children grow ; up uhder her sweet influence they" goL out iritd tbe world, and carry H:':aljns;jtK thmj arid wh en In after life they organize homes for" themselves, it is still,'there,1 for it is woven Into the Very wcbf of their life, it becomes apart of their system; the children of such a mother "Rise up and call her blessed, her husband also, and hepraiseth her." M io ..... - t . VISITING CARDS. . i t 4 f i must decide' the" ;qdff6nyfo'he'f yyhole, be-co- me e kingdom, and in .is'.couritry, it is distribii y ted and decided by legislatures "in the dif--; ferent states. This Bill is not only jfor, Suffrage but to extend to .sucii foineri as yote ' in municipal election?, Ttbe, right also to vote; for member of Parl Brigbt's speecVin parliament on this BilL has called fbra! criticisin jfrom all persons J iriterestedj in the subjectj. and the pman, . . , i iinyfUa Journal siysV "There ; home in England and .America, where his henceforth ' pictureheretpfore horiojedwill be turned to the wall. Since Websterfs 7th r of March'speech there has been no 'down-- 1 fall so conspicuous; and WhitUei's-- grand poem of "Ichabod1 seems its? only fitting ' The liberal press of England1 and 7- lameiiW Scotland are" profuse ih? thelf britfcWms' many of them very - cutting and pointed; There are many 'things' which tend to proyo' that;publlc se'nUriient'Iswith th'e extension of WomanV Suffrage." ?ne fhlftg parla larly encouraging to1 those Who1 are arixfoiis' the Bill should pass,1 is that one half of,! be; minority are hew rnembers. it is hot to be;r supposedibecause th'e BUI has been rejected t that it will 'never pass "In the1 Parliament ' of lSliMrCharles Pelhanl Illier- asked ; agaln and again that the1 Ck)rn Ivfsmlght i and over andover j berepeaI6d, jijinjhe House of Commons rejected the propbsi- - ' tion. But in the year 1846 the'same House of Commons that-harefused to listen to measure him, passed a repealing the Corn Laws. in the MrFor8yth;la7hi5;;seech house, moving the seconot readings of the , Bill said there had been no 8lnemeettri TgainsthBprinciplrorHho-BiUfbutbifr- t It' cWwdea!mee'tIngs-- i contriiry In favor-oIn' held had; been every largd tdwniring-- ! land Scotland and 'Ireland f have' ' by large majoritfes In favor of the Bill 1 ; been eh th'usiastically adopted; - ' J ; 1 5 : 4 I ; 1 ; ! - 1 d ; f and--resolution- s 1 1 I -- t ! ,10 Dl!li The Woman's! meeting ., ; y :VJu ; InfBdstdn tlosed ? Its session in May to' open agiin ber. This association I hasr for-- its ? object more particularly, "the. unfolding oMhe tes- -: thetic and spiritual elements c of humaa ha-tn-Novein- -' In the practice oft turning card corners, the upper left hand jborner denotes ''vislte," r - and is used for an ordinary' call.jtrie upper ri gh t hand corner iu rned .dbwi means i licitation," and is a' ylsrt of congratulation; the lower left hand"corner conge," represents at farewell call, and the' lower right hand corner "condolenceexpresses a de ! L- - sire, to sympathize ;It,VereavemenL ; The rule mct generally;unde turn-fri- g of one end of tliq rd,7wh'i(i a wish to see the ladi esot tho fam ily.V r: i these wound, bruise, break, but cannot erase It. MIsfortune'may befall her child, it may jdepraved and disgraced; rkll" others may despise and forsake, but there Is , ever one whose heart Is aching with its load if woe and agony, whose ; tears are falling, -- whose knees are bending; and whose heart 13 sendingup prayers that must: be heard even within the pinner Temple of Jhe King 4 e in Bar Woman liament in England, has relatively .far great. er importance .thaa any,, .Congressional. yote here, because' UhedecIon, iof iPariianVent W'-- - V The debate of , AT EVENING June lltb, i !:6. NOtES AND NEWS,:; , - The best within us shines reflected there. Not always do we know its priceless worth; When flrst we find it 'vafd the droes bf earthv Search 'neath the surface po'bhitya&d lot The hidden gem sends back the answering glow. If gold can buy it, 'tis not worth the name-Tr- ue frlendthip rests upon no sordid claim." A friendship doubted is a friendship lost-G- uard well the jewel, at whatever cost. For of all the gifts the gods may to us send, Methlnks the dearest is a loving friend. - Vi OT acdlsclentific, turethanhainereJitfiniryl, naimeahsi-ignored.- though these are by Beading the last'sedtenco .reminds !us forci-- j bly that these. meetings i of itheJBoston ' worsen are very similar to the'organiratibps of the.womeh oMIrahthelchief aitofand oWi " ; I : ! I of whichi is, the the spiritualhaturet-!- though:; the physical,'! jectof ; higher-:uUIvatio- h i moral and mentalf elements" are not lost jrn! r nnlti sight of. v i A -- X Mtlili Not long ago In a court in .Toronto,' a wit-- " ness was under examination in a a case of ' debt The Judge asked him, what is your occupation?", Th witness did not seem 'to Understand the meaning 6f the word Voccu- -' pation" and ans weredwith eh V i The Judge varied his question: what do you do for a living! ' Witness- replied) Qh my r ; - wlfeVa dressmaketM-- i . . l , detective at Troyvsi If ti de.? sired to t train my a son- fof a: detective;!' would first make him a newspaper reporter, that beyond any other business Is the bnsi.' rfeas that makca stupid men smart, ordinary i men "able, and capable: i men ; brilliant; and : what an experienced reporter cannot detect ,t An; old -- - : " 4 is nOt wortIfdelccting;!tajr 4 - ' 