W OM AN?S-..- .te???, tive genius of acres. I was much, surprised on visining the Centennial Exhibition on Main J , to ministexlo.the. sick, 9T comfort the sorrowing. She wasmoWiii prosperity and uncomplaining in adversity: $he died in full faith of the Gospel and in hopes of a glorious resurrection. St. Salt Xiake City, to ndv very, manyr articles comparing favorably with the best specimens on exhibiiion at Philadelphia, though formed out of the elements here in Utah; I have not time to describe one of a hundred of these truly fine and finished specimens of Utt.h industry, but would recommend any one doubting the comparison te go and see. ' : 7 i W. O. CLARK. : Provo, July 11th, 1876. .:. A T WW - her kind rpectanavgratitudfor; and ; Ursulia Meeting of Sixteenth Relief bociety. Sixteenth -- Ward- School Rooms,' S L City, Juno 15, 1876. Meeting opened by sjpging Arise O glorious Zion Prayer bv F Sler 8iniD The Spirit off GodMinutes of the; previous meetin? read and accepted.; Annual report as fol- - VS lIThl iQUD rrroc:--" - :: Pianna iteid Paris, Bear. Lake - Idaho, J : June .ilth, Editor Exponent: -- and Jod Co., -- - 1870. - The;Y6ung Ladies Retrenchment Association of Paris as organized Feb. f' 19 tk '1878.-b-v ' Mif. j T nnifl: .;. rrw XmakJ. $ 100 75 ca 75 -vv asrdalne June 61 75 57 25 ... : President of the WPlpty as:wj9,had been called to part with oVr fprrnr:, President bydeath: Benedic fion;by Geo, C; Riser. , ladies of the Rejief Society had prepared , a .splendy supper, ;and the; ; he o-T- Mft:U;:trnchment.AssocIation .waited on,Jhe tables; over bnq hundred par- Jhe, supper, and itras indeeil a PxfyJ reatof spiritual as well as temporal food. J5,-18- , ending June 15, ,1576,; $2000,47.. Sec'y. :81neQ'urAnnuaI Meeting we have had y.at 'tho Sixteenth Ward acho6iJloqms;Jw gathered all the widow? r ;iritwar ishop Kesleraadreserir'us - REPOKTS. 5- 16'i1875' endinff Jpisbursements to poor, cash.;.... Mdse; and prbduce.V .. .. . . ManV CrOOdrinstrnrfinno.. Wi.n community. . Scc. Pomeeoy, r?1 wE!f fiIon,,and those Teho arranged the affair In so short ;a time deserve the thanks of the d In-stmcti- ons good advice while hero; for she trulv had .fh info the young . a t jheart. The Exponent - has the best wishes of our eocietv for ir- P6uvU vl n'g "igence loved and respected by ali ho knew her a kind friend.and .fathmrwiand mother, charitable and Upright V , - attendant on the eaaly - settlement cf country. Her husband died ' Tied.- - 25, is5S af! AttVtogSffi--iuW0ma round-danc-in- - many trials. India 11 in attending their Retrenchment meet-lue- s than the v rin wVnn ni u .. theatres. For the past winter g has been entirely r abandoned in this place; they had been favorite dances with thoyoung folk8fit was hard for them to cive them up enMreIy; at first; but the knowl. edge that we werp obeying counsel amply repald.usjior, any regrets i we might-- hftye -- baPe4 inio.the Saints in 18 .They joined the Saints at Unvoo She died Feb. 27th, fourteen months, very encouraging. I really think that most of the young ladies take more pleas-lir- e e Wa8 ' . The TwentyrFourth of July,. 1876, - the anniversary of the day on which-thneers entered this valley, was celebratedpic', at tha New Tabernacle by the citizens of this city. The audience was immense, numbering, it was thought, between nine and ten thousand people. The Sunday School children, probably about four thousand, Occupied the central part of the building. The opening prayer was offered by Elder John Taylor, : Prof; C. J. Thomas led the Pinging by the children, who sang firsts "In our lovely Deseret." Elder Orsori -- Pratt' was the first speaker: he gave a historicai'skefceh of the .entrance of the pioneers intd this valley in 1847. John G. Midgley delivered an appropriate address, mentioning' the many hardships of the first pioneers of the country, of the progress which had been made, of the dutiea of this generation born and reared under "these circumstances; of the eVii Jufluences to be! Avoided by the young; and' the restonsiMHty which must eventually rest iipon them, i While- - Mr4 Midgley wasBpeaking, PresidentBrifchani Young, the Chief of the pioneers and the hptiored'aiid esteemed leader of the Battefi WrSalnts, entMthe Tabernacle1 and aftef listehib'iV io'r 'some time to ihe: music and singing hevarose arid addressed the cob. gregati6h' iff an affecting arid eloquent' manner1. '"Afrthe contusion- hd bjessed thpeo-pi- e in U4 hamd 6f Jesus Chfisti and by the author! tv of ih e irl Prh t A Xnr'tn bUfLu'fec " Com., whom are now ' iways well attended, and a good spirit prevails; ail the take a lively interest in.the young ladies society We select pieces froq the and other Exponent good papers arid books and read them which proves to he a great benefit to Us all. The sisters of. thft Rfiiiaf occasionally, also President Rich and Bishop Pudge, .they give counsel and advice which is THE CELEBRATION JUBILEE. She came with them through all their sut el quent journeyings. She came to Utah in 1850 w' . )Ve shall always remember Sister Hofna Latter-da-y turoP.g Counselors. ' y-- representation. EvER,horn on the Isle of Mottl Lake Champlain, State of Vermont, Sept 3d 1829 19 Horace Rob I , .m A. J. Dunhiway, Editor of the "New North, West," Portland, Oregon this lady has been well known to the for some years as a lecturer, an authorpublic and an editor. She is on her way to PhiiadeL phia to deliver a centennial address at the Woman's Convention, on taxation without . , Secretary, i,5 Ul!a Pomeryt "jeeuup onco in j.,i;a t of Martha and Eliza, Benjamin J We had a very pleasant call on Saturday, last from Mrs. . always on hand in every duty or enterprise necessary for the building up of the kingdom of God. A large procession of the members of the Relief Society followed the remains to the cemetery, aqd in accordance with her request,;that beautiful hymn of Miss E. H. Snow's' "ObMy FatherKwas'sung over the grave, and she was laid away in peace to await the morning of the resurrection. Clutch of Oneida Co.. lAzhn. Miss Caddie Rich, HOME AFFAIRS. Englandrwaa first baptized in 1843. emigrated to Nauvoo in the spring of 1844, and was driv en out of Nauvoo with the rest of thOHalnis in 1846; she was faithful and in all the trials he was called to patient pass In 1852 she removed to' Tooele, wherethrough. she resided until her death. She suffered years with a cancer in her breast, and for many the last ten months was confined more or less to her room She lived and died in full faith of the Go-pe- l. Sister Drew was second counselor in our Relief Society, and rejoiced very much in the society of the Saints and the principles of the gospel. She was l80 TkZFT? J. T. 1 i Aaaune Passey, Anna Mown ; Tookle City, July 27th, 1876. SiSTEit Rebecca Dew, wife of Elder Thomas Dew, departed this life the 24th of June, 1876, She was born Feb. 15th, 1812, in Wiltshire, ,v . jrouuo xiumpnreys, Harriet VVilliams, aged Ogden, July 17, 1876. "The life of Brigham Young, or Utah and Her Founders," byE.W. Tullidge, is now completed and it is expected it will be for sale this have had the pleasure present :montbr-- y; 3 J & Mrsi. Deseret 'Rich, President, May ntn, 1876, of consumption, Ifyears, 1 month, and two days. Her sister, Alnora Eliza, died June 11th, 1876, of the sarnie disease, aged a years and 28 days; Their mother died of consumption hree : years prior to their death. '"u M. A. Roicb .. .. QBI - DU1W:i!:Jjiea ? O? XT J9L. Et. lL JE2 Oxford, daughter - (through the courtesy of the author) to peruse many of the proof sheets, and we believe it to be a work that will counteract much of the prejudice now existing in1 regard to this people. "One story is good, until another is lo!d" is an old adage; and Mr. Tullidge ;has plainly delineated the other side of the dark representations now extant concerning thi3 To those who really waqt to know-- thepeople. truth we would recommend its perusal. Mf ' " " : XPO NM.f; E his wrdsvwero written? :fbf: andw'e Would they-we- re In- - ;refreshnientsarid all had . been bountifully uppiiede8cattcfed:our picnic among (he :poor6f:th6 ward,: thero were many baskets lull amjiltawa-a-day- of Rejoicing for all indeed: muJW blessed 'In ; coming togdther4ind felt we were mutually bene .flttediby cchVother'sdclety, - M. R. ;Tj f dMPsON.' -- i WG 'Wcre i. 