women of talent and their example, to discour-ag- e the drinking of wine, beer, or liquor in any social gatherings and format dinner-partieNew Year's calls, a great deal might be accomplished for the cause of Temperance; for many a young man, as the writer says, can trace his downfall from all that was good and pure, to Mowers the first taking of the social-glas- At the meeting it was suggested - that a committee be appointed, to visit the men in the ward to see what they would do to help us; the suggestion was carried and a good report brought. In. The majority of the brethren entered into the spirit m'ssion, and either s, day Saints, let us entreat you to use all y our influence to do away with this foolish Gentile custom, lst your hearts shall some day ache as sorely as many hearts do now, throughout the whole world from the effects' of intemper- ance. of-th- donated means or labor. Soine of the brethren felt quite humbled to think theWomeETsIiouId ueriake what the men had failed to do; but I feel to offer a word of encouragement to all such. The words" of Prest Heber C. Kimball, which come to I think should suffice, wherein he prophesied that the time would comewhen the sisters would store up the grain and potatoes. I do not think that any good woman ; would take the praise to herself, or think she is bettel than her husband, on account of this move that has been made. I fee j that we should w-rtogether, for the man U not without the woman in the Lord, nor the woman without the man, which is according to f Scripture. :" The Society of Farmington have some grain on hand and means to buy more, and do not think of slackening up their energies in the fu- " P: ture. I wish to speak a word in favor of the Young Ladies Retrenchment Association in this place. They have a faithful president in Mrs. Lucy A. -- s. my-recollectio- . .p At A meeting of the Central and Ward Committees, on the Grain Movement, held in the Social Hall, Fridaj-- , Nov, 2ithj many ideas were advanced in a clear and forcible manner by those who, spoke upon the subject. Reports from different wards were given in regard to the movement and such sugges tions as seemed applicable to the time-aplace, from many presidents of Relief Societies from the several wards. It seemed that in several of the wards they had good granaries to store in separately, which will of course, be an advantage in some respects, for there wil be a better opportunity of preserving it from damp, or mice, or weevils, or any of the annoy an ces t h at attend JUie storing f grain-- J n im-porta- nt k . n thought this movement of the sisters a step in the right direction. Br. F. D. Richards, of Ogden had said to her, he thought what the sisters did this year in regard to buying grain must be done immediately as there could be nothing done after Christmas. There are many of the brethren in authority, Bishojm 'and others, who have spoken kindly and favorably to the sisters, and given the movement their. s a t. i i i. i i r uenriy euuyreeuieiiu i epirii oi euergy ami enUrpr Ue is manifest among the sisters to invest their means in such a manner as snail be approye! by heaven. Not all the laces and silks in the world could compare with bread stuff in the time of, scarcity. Mrs. W. East of the 14th ward, when she rose to speak, said she was sure that the Lord had; called upon the sisters to act in this ca. pacity. Spoke of a brother who had. a specif h men of wheat he had kept for twenty, fire years, and that it was 'perfectly good. Those who are hot of us, fcoiT and sneer, but the sis-- ; i ters should be Independent of all outsidt Influences, and take hold of the subject with that fortitude and courage that will warrant suc ' they also have a paper of their own composition, called the "Index" which is both instruc-- . tive andlaterestinfc. They also read selected pieces in their meetings. The younger portion of the members are quite zealous, so much so, that they can hardly be induced to stay away from meeting under any consideration. Excuse me for being so lengthy. Yours &c. A. S. Rogers, Sec'y- - ! WOMAN'S VOICE. The new movement in regard to grain is one which should receivo the hearty commendaSaints. It is part of our tion of the Latter-dareligion to practice consistently the , laws of . : ' ' I:- Farminoton, Davis Co., Nov. ' 24th; Editor Exfone$t: . 1876. . By request of our President, Mrs. S. I. Holmes, I send you' a report of what we are doing In regard to the1 grain question. At our meeting two weeks ago last Wednesday, she read the editorial containing PresldentToung's counsel and suggestions and some other pieces from the Exponent, explaining to the sisters what is required of them; said she felt like commencing right off, so that we should not be behind in this great work. At first it was thought best to build a granary that we might have a suitable place to put the grain collected; but afterwards, through advice and the kindness of the brethren, one was found already built which we can have the c?e of, therefore saving the meaus wliich it would take to build, to buygrain. - . n, XJ .avutt i 1 M V - i - . ; JDjajrkjndJto o i woman that if thn fa tt v J we are not prepared to sustain ourgUU own peoplo here in this Territory, and that wehould feel it as severely as others. But if we heed the call made upon us by the servant of God, appointed to dispense His word unto the people in due season, then we shall act wisely while . r s iin nnvA uiijr oif giaco given us; out tlei us not dally or trifle away time and opportunities, but seek with all diligence to store up an abundance of grain for ourselves and our friends who liave jeered and ridiculed us and our religion. Let us exercise that, charity that will not only feed the hungry, but make the needful preparations beforehand, that we may minister to them in a substantial and proper y life and health. If we do not do this we are not sustaining the laws of God, for He has made all Jaws devolving upon each other so perceptibly, that if we transgress one, we are sure to infringe.' upon, othersr We could not posslhl carry .opt the design cf our Creator unlea we preserve our bodies, for the first great commandment given to man after the creation was to "multiply and replenish the earth." In order to dorthis we must have well preserv-- ; ed faculjiesnd physique, otherwise we are degenerating and, falling away from the pattern given us to follow-- , " And God created man in His own image," ' It seems to me that to be made iu the" likeness of God is something which every individual should hold in rever- -: ence and'itbught to be an incentive to purity in the preservation. of life, and thus give us opportunity for such' knowledge as shall help us - to obtain a part in that higher life which will be the ultimate result of our being upon the earth. The Lord caused the earth to bring forth of her fruits for the sustenance of the beings which lie placed upon It, and it has been fulfilling the laws of its creation for many thousand years. But we who believe the Scriptures and the prophets of our own day know that great bhahges' are to take place, before the revolution cf all thing which will usher in the millennium. 'V One of the must, distressing of those changes will be fa mi ue, and we have been .warned and forewarned of its coming, yet the people, as in the days f Noah and oth '. Em ilk. S. L. City, Nov. 24, 1S73, " large quantities together. Miss E. R. Snow, ef the Central Committee, in her remarks,, referred-thaving recently visited Brigham City, and that her brother, who is president there (Lorenzo D. Snow,) cess. ers, reject the testimony of the Servants of God, and still pursue their every-di- y life, careless of the future, aud regardless cf the teachings and testimonies vouchsafed to them for safety. It is sufficiently apparent to. uyery sensible THE LAW OF NEWSPAPERS. Subscribers who do exnress nn. "tice rtoth'e"contrary are considered as wishing to continue their subscriptions. If any subscribers order tlie discontinuance of their newspapers, the publisher may continue to send them until all arrearages are paid. 3. If subscribers neglect or refuse to take their newspapers from the offices to which they are directed, the law holds them responsible until they, have settled the bills, and order' ' ; ed them discontinued. 4 If subscribers remove to other places w i thout informing the publisher, and the newspapers are sent to the former direction, they are held responsible. 5- - The courts have decided that refusing to tako ne wspapers from, the office, or removing and Ieavinir them uncalled for. is "itrimn fWip" evidence of intentional fraud. G. The postmaster who neglects v to give the legal notice of the neglect of a person to take from the office the newspapers addressed to 1. not-cri- ve - m r -- -2. : . ' . , 1 rvi t.inn ia lioVklfi 4 f rti til i olV am i Vl rv . T- . .I.. ? ' nrire. ; ... : i.Oiii' ' NOTES AND NEWS? ; ! 1 In some of the places where women arb not permitted the right of the ballot, they have made public demonstrations of their sentiments in political matters by "flinginrr io me ureez-onags oearing me names of the candidates for the presidency, of the'' party they wished to sustain;1 ' In one of . two places, they held political meetings and discussed the subjoct and' the prorjability1 of m ; , its success.- " : ' The Gheat Cyclone This terrific wind storm that recently devastated a large tract of oountry in tho East Indies, completely submerging three large And four or five small islands, is one of the most fearful calamities ever, known; and should bo an effectual warning to the living". Tho loss of life is estimated by some at about a quarter ui a uLimiuu. jiub uesirucnon or property is incalculable, but added to alt this, and tho niost is the famine which inevitably . follows suah unlooked-fo- r occurrences. Tho atmosphere, too, near where tho dead .bodies areris fo polluted that pestilence is almost sure to result. ' r. f heart-sickenin- g', 