SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 1, 1876. iYol. 4. . PRAYER ' 1 How sweet to the soul is prayer's fcoly.epeU, powers no langvidire can tell, Its ' As up from earth's shadows tho soul takes Its'flljfht To dwell for a season la bright light Lat-ter-da- t gr : : When Joy fills our besoms how sweet 'tis to sfijS We thank theedeaFFaih For suuli?ht and moonbeaias and all tho fair flowers, That declc wiih splendor life's beautiful bowers. :- - ''" 8h 'God,-an- , lis 4 1 " , ;. -- We thank thee our Father for this precious gift, While such boon is ours not wholly adrift; ; As the compass and star Is the mariner's guide. ' . So prayer aud the Kaviorwhen sorrows betide. Hope. - A "WORD TO THE GIRLS. In a previous number of the 'Exponeet, there was a few words of advice tqmothers, to warn their daughters. ; I havo often wished that I could express my views on uuuo; nuu advice more fully realize this than; thoseWho have grown up ciaugmere. xnv 411tion has oiten presenieu luseii iu iuy mmu, do oar girls realize the precipice on which they stand,' or the danger thy are in, when they encourage the attentions of those who are nor of us? "I4hever see or think of them but I feel to say girls beware of the outside elements and 'shun them as you wmiid spmpnt in vour oath, foriit isnot love they bear you, or yours," but destruc11113' ' SUUjeUt. AJ-ltJi- ' tion they would like iHO see come on the xo Hiss Mary E. Wager, for' a long1 timo one ot the editors of the Rural Nqw York-,'e- r, and a well known and popular s of several leading journals, " married laiely to. Prof Willian 1$. Fisher, ' o t Die ki uso n . Col ege, a, .1. .. The School of Design in Sail Fmncisco, of which Mr. Virgil Williams is Professor, recently gave an exhibition. The; first prize, the Avery gold medal for the best oil painting, Was a warded tu Miss Susie daughter of Air. T. II. Dugan former' 7 : of Boston. , Di; Mart E. ' Walker lectured in San "Francisco, J afn. 19 h , to genlleme'n 1 h e experiment proved tjnt a Jady mayt talk to y d t Du-ga- n, - 1 keep Hicomrjcwn c6htlnuer to bless' us; for wo arc told that there aregreat; blessings Jn store for the faithful." When we live so that ye can enjoy the Spirit of God at all timcf,' we feel very happy, and , feel that wo "are; blessed above all otlier...pe6ple. .Wo are? 'promised great blessings if we will live fpr them;, but wo all have our' aknesseVand it seems wo cannot overcome theui all at once. But G6d!is more merciful to us than we are to , . uind the large and intelligent; audience, who gathered to hear the Doctor's remarks not only listened attentively but at intervals ; of our best rnen havo shed their Girls obey your parents iuall things; remember, they have had more experience in the world than you have; never allow falso moth idftns tn hnld von from soekinir-you- r er's "counsel, or conlidiDg in her;, you will find all through life, she is the best andlru-es- t will-b- o friend you can; have, for yoUr;-joher: Joy, and and your, troubles' 111 tits 'r " '' her troubles. ' 'X' R. J. H. Hajiptonxr 187(J.; Salt liite City, Feb.M5th; ' . y ; ' .' 5 . r v v. warmly applauded, thein. Some? of tho Cincinnati ladies propose to take a whole room in tho new Centennial building, and to inlayUhe floor with tiles i)f their own painting, and to fresco tho walls ladles propose tliemsel AShall i number take some of their that ' in painting and frescoing in: ordor Xo ! : brie'anoiher,'and;fidnti.nu ' though we Qjiietinies err. And" the more wo try. to - overcome our failings, ihoJtire faithful we are the greater blessing we shall receive; for'the Lord is always ready to give us all blessings that aro needful for our good if' wo will only ask Him in faith. There 'are times" wli e n e Imayask Jbr!so me t h1 ng Tahd the Lord 'for some- wiso; purpose may see.fit tol withhold' it iromus, but because His wayiail are not our way 3, neither His thoughts our" thoughts. '3Ie; knows what Uhings 'rwo' aroVIn need of; 'and Is alw;tys i; to impart them Jto us; .i ? ready ' M;iy wo always live our religion and do right,, that we may enjoy the. blessings God ...' .has in store for us. ' les-iso- -- ns : , ;r ifoiiow their examilc. Francis P. Blair, former editor of tho Globe is living near Washington- - He is eighty-fiv- o years of age, arid In feeble . ; v- ance he has received from his wife while editiner the Globe.1 Although only tW years Jhis junior she still accompanies hini'Irr his - - horseback rides iirsummer. 1 riy'!f,vl':' At the Moody and Sanky Revival meeting in New York, one. day last; week, in tho atternoon, no one was admitted bat ladies, except the male members of the choir, a 'fe v reporters, arid the usual detail of jxilice-mcThe 'audience was such an one as New York, has probably never seen before. : Between 0,000 and 7,000 women were seat- ; ( " ' . V n. t s RnODA CUSIIING.;. .. advertisements in a newspaper are more: read than. tho : thoughtless imagine. .They are the map of a large class of men's capabilities in man who contemplates doing business ,1 Tho- - up the Jna distant town; take3,columns a life. nt'tAiiit umala nf crvciottr Ko. Ui:iur il r :;.'.;:'? from cor k: to tnp ast Illuminating Gas of of subitances capable: furnishing gas , of ; local paper,: sees a true and in its ad vertising ..,.. ing representedand forming' a .congrega' tion to be seen few times in the course of life..-iTha for. nt 1 -- -- blnod corr'es-ponde- , ? thank Theo tor mbrnluar'a bright glorious beam That scatter the shadows from nighiVweary dream. For cool shades that screen from the neon's piercing ray And far the sweet rest of the calm closing day. ' ., We thank Thee fohome, for the dear ties that bind cur hearts W one chain with the good of "mankind , For fond words that cheer amid sorrow and pain, Like murmuring: streams iu the desert 'a wild plain-- , ; And oh when the hearts l?ia anguish laid low, When moonbeams and sunlight's all throudtd ia woe, then VOh my Father" ascends to.tho gkies, V ' And weak h tudd are lifted for help to arise. J And the one in Gethsemane's garden bojved down Wad first bore the Cross and now earetb the Crowa, Lifts up RU afflicted, guides on through the uight 'Till safely they're moored in the Haven, of light. We '- i , ' heart-3oothiu- : NOTES AND NEWS. same heavenly parentage, oughtat all times .' to feel to bless one another. I often think how consoling it Is, In timc3 of sickness and trouble, to have a good Saint, one that is filled with tho Spirit of God, come and iake you by, the hand and say "God bless you !V It secius to cheer you up and niako you feel, truly ' thatcGod does bless you ; ; I n When the Lord first gathered His people to this land,Mevpromied to 'bless the land ifoOhcij sakes, and to mako the desert bios -som as "the rose; and lie has don o so: This is one of the greatest blessings the Lord has bestowed upon many of his people, giv: them a home in Zion. ing : 1 know if we always try tQ do tho will of For the ExpjXext. y. . . a picture of the men he has to deal with, i t.'.!:--M:l-:- cent experiments made in Bordeaux, France, Knfh nnMnn !ill urtfl C)t I.' complete record of the, town its commerce, its home trade, the facilities of storekeepisfactoryand it has been definitely decidett he cise , to use tho material in the lighting of tho ers, its banks, and in almost every -who men the can estimate the character pf Works fur burning eoric are; now in "fBity-Tare soliciting the public patronage. The ad. process of construction.: Tho ragmen a of reca .vertising page is a map of the.town, fcork, principally waste after cuttn.g bottle .business a ord of its municipal character, stoppers, are distilled in a close retort. The . of instead confession of its citizens,- and, flame obtained is stated to be whiter and gi uuu raoro biilliant tbat that of coal gas, while being tho opinionated proaucuon lar mnch smaller and the den hlnm w rnnn man, it is freighted with tho life" thoughts v : of a hundred.- r:!;-slty 'greater; :7 f 1- -- ; -- , - -- . . -- mmm - ESSAY ON BLESSINGS. 1 ' written fob the youkq ladies of the retbecument association WABI.,; ! ' KLEVENTU of us ar from time to time, receiving blessings from our heavenly-fatherre- Borne, certainly, through faithfulness, I'- - AU . veivo greater oiiua i,v.--F----a- s sisters, having aU descended from the - - ; ? ; 3Iiss Emily L. Taylor, principal of A Academy, Is preparing a history of dam's-Femal- that institution for the New Uampshiredo-partmeat theXCentennial; incorporated Read-emin 1823, and so beingjhe oldest femaro doubt nt y ln Jhe State, iu be very Interesting. history will no, ,:. e The party of ryoung lady teachers who latelv left for Capo Colony, South Africa, consisting of Midsci' Anna and Nellie A. Smith, of Sunderland, Carry Ingraham, of North Adams, and' Emma Land fear, of their' destinaNew Haven, - have reached ' "" tion.' .:- - ' .. V- " 