a ., w , WO UWjXM XPONENT. iE a people, '.wnoYe. in enV accord ;to woman's worth so'iUiraneslimate . claim sucli a inan jis husbandrionnection K V V i Ufceeadme that thpitfd Idie' ' i And thb poor body cold and IlfeteM lie. " j And thon Bbbuldst touphi iny "lips with thy Warm 'ckea'd In'each sep'rato vein; t'!:J!".. Would wildly; icadiy fushiog back araiiti J ' '''':.,Bricsr,th glad aplrit from, the late of death, , - 4 ' I I ri ; 1 i'5. tho cool, fragrant evening zephyrs wavei f Shouldst thou in friendship jlagerpmr. tho spot, .l And breathe, some tender vrords in memoryV . v ' That th'spoor heart in graceful constancy", I i --Ji ; : Would softly whisper back some loving thought-- ) y ! if my faith iutbee-- v " ' lffeV than an anchor firm to be Stronger Planted tn tby integrity and Worth; oubMMiil) A perfect trust implicit and secure; ?. :i I " a'r 'That will all trials and all grief endurei j jxsoTrT :T And bless and comfort m while here on earth. , , I do believe who love hath kuown, Or sublime friendship's purest highest ton? " Hath tasted of the cup of ripest bliss , ;" , ' And drantc the choicest wine Ufa . V bathtoye, ' Hath known the truest joy It Is to live. v ' What blessing rich or' great cpmpajdTtofcT 'X ,Ido believe, ,f : -- i i do believe true lov46 fiep nrf h' . As foretaste of immortai raradlEe. . Through which the soul will bo refined; v Salt Lake City, Nov. v - '"i';:;' : At 'J ' ? ' Aieeting"i-wad!5mc- wa-Tuot- riDgndedU-caUngaurphlf- heiad -- CusT0M.--I- n iiitjy,.wit mind accominoates, itself to alt- change of an object and even a circumstance, making ' joy from;; the hardest and JI seebairigly; the leas t redeemed cprid i tibns( 6f fatcThe manhoatched Ithcfplder 1in? his ,cell rnay have taken1 M leasf as 'much: Interest in the watch as h"eri "engaged inthetnost ardent arid ;ainbitl6us objects of hlsY former. r life;!arid heJwas but aype of Jnis brethren; Vail in' similar I clrcumstdrices !Would have fonrid some similar occupation.--1 Letariy 5 nbt moments, n'Hbt hours ; df agony JforTto them Oustom lends not herblessed magic; t but let hini single out somo lengthened period of physical or moral endurance? in has- tily reverting to it; it may seem at vflratjtT j grant altogetherjwretfchedji a; series oft days marked with ;thb iblacfe A?tQnerrrthe cjpuds iWithout a star;. but let him look more close- 7lyt it;was,not so,during tho;:tiineof Buffered ing; a thousand iittle thingin the, biistlo pf then stajre'd t life, dormant .and ; unheeded iforthJnia noticp; and became to hip objects Vof Interest prMiversion the dreary present ; i r 3once iamiilargQd "his; mirid thanf 'it had been ail happiness; -. but' l intiriand-ciosedwit- h .HopeJnd - gan'-- , f; Izartioris that jthe wpmen, arid the'privlleges theyerijoye general way at least, the women md - ; pirig-8ton- o aaKyhe; iin eniarkiri that; bebri left5 atf orphati " welt not on the dull intervals tHojst epat It had" breateo! and. placed " Which each; for eer gbes on'ithiri.man'8 secret hearl, t i n'wAr1Vf wiV MM little !within" the -- immediate hfiorei Hlm.s as in 4fiemdialQguine If'vPd n' rHhb Mierlbj! bffiis (rsMemirig youth; o. ydupaMlnnearlyU spebtsV in equalize wonderful of his:MatuHty?n;So At th6meetirig ohthe fbllowlh daif-- : i listatesf and litimestiri' the "varying t J t Ibeloperiirig1 exercises 'MrsTE. Howard t ifrig Ttideof life4, 'are these two rulerjj yet 0 are appreciate ofie' sisterfjSirming: of th e. God . -- l;- - 1 1 , level-HeHof4nariHn- 3? that4ho, said it was the first meeting where tuality;1 an eternal ided of punishment includes "? ; very thb'people had eofflt6thertth'ap3lnt"t that5 bfttrt ?ntter alteration 7 of ithej.whole ied fimerShe exhorted '4he- - sistera ito.be mechanism of tho sbul ini Its humau state, faithful In their societies and have a goodi no effort .of-admaglnationassUted Jjy land enrolled of 1hem the books; upon testimony can pconceive a state of past lexpeeierice, 2 shjyeferredhto the v uegleetdof i duties and s torluro which custom can never ; blunt, and the ultimate result of such a course, that we from which the Chainless and immaterial ' should be kind to pur children audireaspn -spirit can never .bo beguiled, into oven a t with' them and seek to preserve thenci from j escapo Buiver. M A tJ , I 1 astonish-her temptation. Shej spoke, pf merit to see such.a beautifuLlittle city here and thought i it would ; bo t a. good place in iThasbeen estimated , that, the "annual which to carry out Order. 6he 'production, of - paper of, all Muds in, tho i dwelt considerably: upon; the useless waste world kmounta to, 1:600.000.000 lbs. Half iofiime amongitho yiningand their trivo-- 1 this is nsea fot pi inuog purposes, iQUSjaeaa. of; loveajpl marriagesf spoper rfopeand-custo- 4 , m 1 " n -- - : K -- ; ? ' -- jno-menta- lly yl-Hse- A it-la-: -- : , i -- orihatnaiu the great, bene H ts resul ting frohi ' th e1 o . ershieh-helpstar- p Kingdom f of to It seems show me, exactly I wherewe (alsr '"ers) stand, what .our callingj is Vant d ho w 'fg reat our 'respssi bilt ies dr more han 'pipy. r small sentence 'il Veveri heardi. V 1 have iaU ways realized,1 since I ljecamb old5 enough to reflect, that thd warn V fully claim. the leadership, or profess to be " 'the head. But I have also felt how, her position was quite as essential as that of acknowledged head .this the man Andnojv I believe : r '. wMii-.: :?;-a little matter 'as Ofawhat use would ahead be without! a backbone to assist In keeping It in its propter position ? It would be worth Just about the same as a kingdom 6f wen without wo- the spe omtbe, neicessityi of pur; livingoiir religion s"so we need not ',be scourged iwHrirasshVp- - . s Lee,! Secretary. - r pers andblague8 1 rUhe startiinar. - -- her-i-genera- , We donated in Heber City for, the Deser-e- t , Silk Association $10.20. , t , : ur estimate 6 f n the ills of J jfVjw -' Jntopur consideration the wonderful elas, iticity of. our morai frariae,J.he unlooked-for4 sericulture.; its ; different t depart - .ments from the planting out; Of the! muj- -' berry trees tQ:lts manufacture Jnto the mqst i beautiful lace and ribbons, she pouched up. cialty: ; of J 5 the back bdne J, A . ivBheklweltost pointedly suponrthe;de. ! dqjike thejdea ' V-v'-- Elles ) h velopment ofi home industries and : ; : . brother. He said he t noticed, wherever she went, that the sisters seemed tot ber the main strength of the Church. ' rla the rpld - counti y, wheft he woulld a ,bp : preaching, perhaps out in the open air, it was XheBis-er- e who gathered around him and strength, ened him with, their: ailh andi ?pray ers. And here, in the Ward meetings ttho was t .the sisters v .Tabernacle, every where; j much more than the brethren, ;who :WQiild turn out to perform these religious duties, "The sisters ' he said, "form, substantially : the back bone of the Kingdom of Gqdf ' ySimilar remarks re frequently. mfde by Saip teday I i beasts-shV.spk- e ' pleased wiih tho testimony of a huthble therEld 'h they. visit. ; j ' B For ibo ExPONte-i- . CP PHB' !il BACK-BON- E OFast ?r- ; - THE ; 17, J 876, f !!' ' . which had been done in building up towns anu iseiuemenis ami urumwtiai swau pe- i vginnings of J.toseph Smith's" missid ' and' thVmany teblUhthetter-must be built the north and in "temples that south and all over the land of America,1 arid j r referred J to that r the people theophecy should jfly Wovesito their windows, and consider- -' come on- swift' .. ablyupon tho principlesx of Celestial Mar- - 1 rffiftft. ftnii" the lollies ana lasnion oiithe v and how they were creeping: in among UiT.fa-j:.this" peopled srMz fSw j i ters was erimpresiiveiland .will: no doubt be an inceutive to action in the- - societies j i AssociatiQn. jMrs.E. SBarneyJn her ad dress to the sisters jmift tbey5lh - ninteen e meeti ngs, spokcr pthe greatrwork -- ..it. of-th-ese : " Anelemeutthat'in its uikieti&fnXJJvit'wTJj Is elevating t6 the human mind v i i f c t: yc. - present Jrom Salt Lake City visiting, in the - interest of the ; Societies and Deseret, Silk ( .. Ocfober.Sd, 187a. 27 and 28, we held. a special meeting, Mrs. E. S.uJBarney and Mrs. E. Howard were 1 ; J ? - . k - !f We have aeffeT1 Society fee thatjbieefs once a month 'to ' bring in bur offerings for the poor arid bear testimdny 'of the things pertaining to vttie'jkirigdbmrrOWpur President; Margaret'Muir ' has been talking to Jne srsters here faboutflearning to braid straw ahd: making- their own hats, and also to have shares'ln tne'cooperatlve store and to trade among ourselves. On Wednesday and Thursday, September ' tbo" unknown' HEBKB, OlTY, WASATClt C0.V ;r u,Vor. EdITOBS' XPOENtRI? -- t n land of , happiness, And thou shouldst wish to see my face once more, ; .' That in my earnest.longing after thecal j,, I weiilcl come forth in oyfuj testacy, A 'T'1 nV ' ' And one' again gate on thco is before'. Into j ) ' Ioi;live that froufidtoy gtixtP ; -- When I fK1 f : : j 1 ' . . t : ; 'ihay possibly gain outside position women ' ' t h'e pli urcti 'and Kio gdom of God , where4i none even' profess tbvbe :guided arid difect-e- d bt the Holy : by the power'and authority .u priesthood.1 ' jkilz. a " h It seems to me that were I4eadi J. yf, thou.In sympathy shouldat o'er mf shed. ' .Some tears ,ef sorrow, or of. sad ', 7',' Auufc Kitij pvai i J U Ur lUAk itll IU tll Hi Would bud, or blossom t bursting into leaf To prove immorUi lovojould not forfff :) , reg-ret- -- . : . of intemperenco,as beinno of the. great-- . est Curses to Uhis nation or; to any people who would allow it to. make inroad? in a community. She dwelt upon tho AVord .of' Wisdom and the blfessirigs' 'atlached to its observance; the great Metrfmbnt;1 outside trade was to this Territory, taking away the means thatvWould helptto sustain nd build up our own Institutions andTnanufacturies. ; She'said irf Brlgham City"1 they had forty homfndustries. ' She Urged upon the sis ters the necessity of using- economy in re- gard to the Smallest matters, 'also" to teach it to their littlp Chlldfen," aridthat even in tho gathering up arid saving of rags it was beneficial,' that! in; spying rags theymight take the "Juyeniler and "Exponent" for the benefit of their faniiiies7 - i sisand counsel I amthankfulTthatrara;numbereo THE WIFE. TO H EUUIUSBAND V. t -- the-Unit-ed t i : v , . ry 