1rr .1 V J: 7Y . n- m - Hi V.-- p.. ;j- OX. - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE 1, 1876; - " ' Fur the Exponent. i. to mr. l. .!.iuui:o IVLQUKsT. b. y. T!Y uie to address thee i f u, y lov'd poetic Lyre-t. ana it; though it be A .1 J a!jfx . i- M- the ciapason C'i nay I bless tbe Giver,--.r;..-yt I uKw-yo- s, :ny soul with.chdrds so svect, strung ; ; 6j u tbe mighty touch of nature they resjVin.', v.'b-- a kvc and kiudnyffive tbe key note full. Limafe is poor to demonstrate the heart, a i. Phenccwe often reprerOBt oyjrstlws where- we alone der.re to l true; li j. muis "eye to eye" and comprehend heme-T:.-..:?jhai (fraud tulatiou, ''heart to heart" and r my language, I will hepe to give T.,v h'cest feelings of aa bonost fceart. I tr jvars 1 e kno thy face, a ad musing gazed it as upon a Etar A me 01 me tummt la eioer iue .way 'Or set for CQaterai.i.laf i.a. iiiLii , or-Tou- r hat arkod :. - - , - Ana-.i?- sc-- c ; ve-gz- ft - ' gion. I was compelled to leave my home in Far W est, .Missouri, on the,. 13th of February, When the snow deep and the weather and I was unable to sit, cold, exceedingly been ilHgrsome time from hard-,- , tfp, having ship and suffering; "f "journeyed to Quincy piv-u:r- "kman fa.ee divine" has ever borne ebarm for my roe tic soil I I two to sit and gaze, and read end read- Ami trace tbe'ciiiiraeter that's written there; Aud thine, was surely in my studio, ' Irs almost Greeiaa outline, its lea tare? ' " Chiseled, clasfit-- i chaste and regular, :?iicb as sculptors choose for models, and to mouidi the eye that glorious orb that lights Tiio human faee with fire divine in thee - . liore calm and gentle rule o'er all the rest; , Such fciudy. Lady, bast tbou been to me. I describe thy face as index cf thy goftl Wbicli simply shows the jewel finely set at here much is give, much requir'd will tf, AiU hence k'Onsi eiliitT, the bead, The gifted bead humility will tow; 1 he sou! is ctnizant of its Dobility , A nd feels it bears upon its mortal Iron-Thseal and coronet of Deity! A ad hence, the noble strive to grace their Li h lHc-fnwith daeds that ne'er shall tarnish" it; Their great ambition is to be a Saint, To lie? their God for a"! lie has bestowed, And bold Ris gifts, astvards bold the wealth Their rtaster in their hands has placed, To l(- aeeouated for with usury . XL? A ir,:-rb- w-a- ty ' Fait Lake-City- May 4th. RjixkahT. King. . For tbe Expgssvt. A TESTDUXN'Y. I have long felt it my duty to bear a testimony with the rest', of my sisters, and to i uoush a written artfele in defense of In which we believe,-l- n which we have lived, and which we ' advocate by faith and practice. continually I have been a member of Church-o- f Jesua Christ of Latter-da- y Saints for, over years; liave passed through many jirty.slx and persecutions with this have been driven from and robbed people; of my home from time tp time,, together with rcy trcthrea nd sisters, and have had my housd ' rhwdb?ed by. a wicked mob- - - . KOTES AXD NEWS. thousand persons in Switzerland, employed, in' watch-makind are women. Cottage Hearth." (TnE Xew Republic'' is the title of a new monthly paper established, in New York by E. P., Miller, and others, to adt;o-- . cate currency reform, Woman's Rights, and other improvements.'", , j informed that Mrs. Secretary Wfc was attached to that re- -' name Belknap's which prayed Congress," manifesto markabii ' a few yearsago,. to pay no heed to the demands of honest 'women for their enfran- -' chisemeat New Northwest." Of. God. ' the thirty-thre- e g one-thir- -- , f .. 3 Women understand the principles of as willing to die for their religion, it as' men are. Therefore., W'e. pray you, spare your (pretended) sympathy 'extended to us, we do .not need i t. .We, have something far better than anything you can. offer us. Look to the wives and daughters of the. nation; deal honestly and honorably by them, and leare us the free exercise of our religion, which- the glorious constitution of our forefathers so wisely and nobly devised to protect alL Sarah I). Ricti. Salt Lake City. " - , '. God.. . t ' ' "" -is s . in that delicate state. our us and 'After "heaping upon people these gross indignities,' then the cry is raised that the women of Utah are in bondage; that they are not free to exercise their own will and judgment; that they only submit, to polygamy through compulsion, and they arrogate to themselves the p6wer to undertake to release n from tyranny and ""'"'-- . i, despotism. .' To Mr. Christiaficy.'and all those honorable1"" gentleman wh interest themselves so unnecessarily ii our welfare, we would say, we do not staid in need of any interference"" in our behalf; we are not helojla-.bondagewe are as free as it is possible for us. to be while w:e have rulers sent here from other states, w ho know nothing of our wishes, ' to- - serve our desires, or our determinations " ,- tbou wert kind in thy expressions To my humble self, saying thou did'st desire ' We should iriingle more, that we might comrrebend Each other better than in days that's past; To which, most freely do th" my Lea rt respond ; I care not for the pompous crowd, all gay Vuth fashion's vain, interminable maze, A friend's warm clasp, knowing their heart A t rue and faithful heart, which is God's gift, I'i more to me than Croesus could bestow'. , wo. will meet and that was pride la me, I trust will vanish as the sun Drinks up the morning dew from flow'r and tree; ..AnJthatwe may as. two fond sisters be. . l s, . T-- live; now h.e has a numerous family, and I "love them alTft .feel a tenderness for them which is' strengthened as years pass, by." I rejoice in their society, in their welfare and happiness; I feel t ho lame pride in the in my children, of other wives that:I-feeown. if is a sacred. and holy relationship instituted by God, and none but those whose hearts are right before Him, and who desire to live pure liveswiif be able to abide in it. The Lord said he would try the heart and assuredly His words must be fulfilled. It useless te fight, against tho kingdom of My iwisaana has-- . been shot at beiore my eyes when he was carrying. 1kg of truce and conducting1 twor"of the enemy's men into their cauife At one tii?ie in the State of of a mob came into,-ra'Missouri three house, armed with swords, pistols and bowie-kniveand demanded to know where my husband was, and. when I retused to betray him into their hands they threatened to blow out: my brains, but finding "I would not comply, they threatened to set fire to the house, but were prevented by some un." see'n. influence. Theserahdy similar tm's have the Sainls had to endure within the boundaries of the United "States government, 'where freedom and liberty are the watch-words- . .But.ainid all the persecutions I have been called to pas'i through, I have . ever felt" firm in the principle?? of my reli- . ; . " ' 'i Saints live The women of the. Latter-daWofEX will hereafter be atadmitted as and troubles the. above "far in an element Delaware, students by the University anxieties of the women of the world; ihey have Trustees Board The of ;re-- ' "Ohio. of the assistance and seek the aid Holy of other that solved ladies, graduates Spirit, Bnd rely upon the arm pf the Al- of learning, be admitted to the branches believand irrllis justice, mighty, trusting passingjhe re regular college classes upon ' ing, with all their hearts, the promises of examination. quired celestial glory" an! eternal happiness, revealed to this people through" the prophets, In California' amoEg other-'- , women if they live in obedience to the requlre-ment- s physicians of the regular school in good of that higher "la w, the law of CelestanoTiDg ia the State Medical Society, are 0. B.Brown, M. D., Sarah E. Brown, M. D., tial Marriage, revealed through- the prophet ' M. E. Buckneil, M. D. , of Sari Francisco; Joseph. 0 Elise P. Stone, M. D., of Oakland, and E. It". i3 these promised blessings in the fu. , S.. Meade, M. D., of San Jose. ture, to which we continually look forward, : that buoy U3 up under circumstances that, . The Women's Provident and protective viewed from'a worldly standard, would, be League of London,have issued the first num. wholly unendurable. For 'this we are wiiU ber of a little monthly paper entitled the ' tomake similar sacrifices to Abraham ing ''Women's Union Journal, It chiefly; consists " when he offered up his only son, believing of reports, of the League's. movements, ana and trusting in God that all would be well. bears the nominal price of one penny. We rejoice in the principles of nf tb.a fcrrs's'A rlerks at Washing 'rxrv and would"' not ha vg it otherwise 'Aa Nrfe.d with the aristocracy of the if .we could. To us 'there is a nobility of , land. AmogNany may .be. found widows the highest type attainable cm earth, coming or daghtefs of army and navy .oScers of through the rrwrchal order of marriage. the' highest rank, daughters and gnd-daughtenjyself, have lived in it 'for thirty years, 'ItancfT of. former members of the CabiBelieve I loved my husband truly and and net, Senators, Supreme Court Justices devotedly, and was married to hlni expect; ": ; Presidents. ing to be his cnly.wife so long as" I eh os Id - , y . i " -- pltfral-marriage,- , , rs , " - , 