WOMAN'S WOMANrNOW ANDTHEN PBOA EXTEACT3 i: ; LECTUKE BY MISS HIND-- - i' ,. j- - - ' ' ITAIf, OF riTTSBURG, raNXrcDELIVEIlErx ' JO W A, RECENTLY; IN , DAVEKfOET, ' ; ; ; y" ," ; i 1 - X P O NEN 12? she is mans political (equal fThli last thought was enlarged upon with much ear- uesiuess,Lanu me oenents tnat wTouia result from giving woman the ballot were nor-V- ., it uu in a ic manner. EDGAB ALLEN POE. The xnonumont erected at Baltimore over tho grave' of Edgar Allan Poo was unveiled and dedicated November 17, in tho presence of a jlarge number rof spectators. It was hf tardy justico to the memory of a man who; PIPSEY PAPEBS. jwhatbyerhis faults of charactier,,was a great genius. ; The sceno ; presented a striking My articles have bcenrfa'Ilqr9S: regards contrast with the burial of the poet. on a 1 seaI must but tlio plead regularity; busy years" dreary October morning twenty-si- x I son arid sickness as my cxctise.1 X have felt followed a when his ago, single carriage as though I could not collect my' thouglit to the grave in Westminster church-yarj sufficiently td commit them to? papers in : a jWhere hp was laidat rest beside his fbrmUhat would beiuteresting tOiatiy.X)ne.': ancestors, rThp 5cryic 1 Since writing last'I hayatpartedwith myzu. infahali ;adjoining. Westminster Church, dear mother; worn out with labor and long con3istedjofaddresses by Professor Henry ,x suffering she lias.clps jEU Shepherd and MrJbhir H. Latrobe,T t he world of weariness and tQH' rearidyono dreading of a flne ' dwell with the anjrels of iicht iind JeVe. 3anpl of letters Jroin nnyspnjryaji tWji I -; : . It wounds my heart sorely to: be separated v, xi iieranti'oinors.'. p front her; bu 1 1- can not grieve" rorIaieno w ; 1 - At;thocpnclusiori;of .tlvese s f that she is far happier: thanlshe could bo? in ' assemblage withdrew from the ' haU? and where the jnter--t t f this world 'of carev and oto her! of constant n ii'Wentjpjtho church-yari, ' -- Theladjr opened hr 3iuree wHh a ref erence,to the struggle between conservatism and jradicalism that, had charactizcd the worloVs Justory, and said that, all changes for .the better :'ha been produced iBrst by con viction, impression of wrong, then-b- y -- : re-ma- ins ( iy conflict. She;, then by agitation, followed of Cko- -' of condition review , tha gave a brief , men in different ages, hnd eonntrles, com- paring whatJ.has been Hvitfrr what lis. Tho history of oman 13 veryI dark. A great gulf, over which she could not pass, lay between her andTnan. Socially, intellectually, religiously and poll tically, Woman had in the pasVbeen 'treated as an Inferior.11 The laws and customs of Turkey, China, India, -- -- E d, -- ; i ( f- ir,l . : ; I r d, Womanlwere referred to;l reference to her ' were oppressive and degrading, in. all these lands. , In some,,laws were made forbidding her to eat at the table . with her husband, or even to taste food un-- : til he and his "friends were served. In others, there were laws forbidding her to visit, oreveir tpmiiej in the absence Jqf her hujs2.-- iuring,Iarid3Mtepni ilestingrcrribriy through life may be such that: 1 may bo. j Imen'tpok Jlace. .THiis was performed by MiS3 3arah.,Stf Bice, ;.of the Western JHgh T permitted to join her. in the eternal world, and receive an exaltation with the faints of j Schbpli Baltimore, who from first; to last has., taken tle, niost: active; interest inHhe Our Belief Society is dull, wo have no one j erecMop of tho mpnunient V; She was assist-i- r r in need, but are all veryjpobt (irf our own led byjthp ;ladies.)Whp took part in the first estimation at least); and very busy, buCI 4 entertainment in: aid of the ,Poe liteirar; band.Insomecountrie8 she wiheld in tf' think we all mean'tbdo about right, jindT if Monument-Associatioin the;aatumn: pf i her v a ;and .tsiseof by; ntlweAshbtjldAfind evettisold, beaten, thereljvas" subjection, 1865 t As the drapery gracefullyi fell from tllo relieifl sisters believe Ii for father and husband, while others considered psomethirig marbioj tthe Philharmonic . Society of , the; "arid for HkeSthe comfort in created a her soulless, being, are all right principle faith;' but -; Baltimore, cbmjosed of one hundred. of the. V.. "alone. mdfr one in life eafch so convenience i,hfs 'or pand "itisylurid myself theyj ate ,ibesti singers in the ) city, chanted Some amusing 'exl.ltrom''wl)rks of the thinks there is not much'deperidirig'dri lief wlich had been composed fbir: thq .occasion as'an individual. They do not realize that leading writers of the last century were j by .Mr&l.canpr 'FuHertoaN b:H i . rllow-,read to show the opinion; of, the authors every' indivduaUmW' Thbnmonument is ,madenofi4he purest;- even a3 down cobtfarison. women and oftenour UfMjPSti4tby "concerning thehj white marble from; Maryland , quarries,! It : had because fretted I sometimes felt lato lotaflown fimiQne of Jheljgreati, have 1 I stands upon a granite base; about eighteen notfriiearis,' to German: wri ters fgi ves his orauiondns these 0 feet high, and is placed over the poet's a sister said to me, "how very comfortable words: ?The. woman, who thinks isf like the, d grave. It has on one side a situa man who paints and powders, simply ridicu-loufrom a you arbihojv very iffeeritiy ! medallion bust of tho poet, takeu - A leading Frencti wri ter says? V We what I amj you have a husbund :who. photograph copy of an original daguereo-- i a jComfortable liyfngaud ;dor like to hear;Vlfew;w type. It Is said to bo an excellent likeness. ! MS woman, as we j dov: ti:iii:jmtuse-thenot;firt oursej (hipdi inlptfltcjy Beneath the bust is inscribed the name to Wo comfortable." of the make so means are unexpected." In forwant past you Allan Poe." On the opposite .side "Edgac v for woman to knit see rn was not allowed to express thought who a called Door I u rn : j ;j v i inscription; jjs.tholfollowing y. "me rsometesrasrl publicly, iFast'fm jmoisfjand fextremetjr-unwomanlS..n: copfiud:oipthe Born January Ht, 1809, With this was contrasted .the: bare wallshW ragged Children and the genV Died October 7th. IMk now of i Woman,' whicb in admeasure stood eral forlorn aspect of all hen surroundings; t, I A place has been loft lor an'opitapl which had She could how wondered I I complain. colors, comrare'IlK,:.jpasWrWomaix1': bright will bo written 'byAlfred l itis isnbw-treate- d as vikn cqual Mnahnost some good apples which 'she rtook pleasu ro A in bestowing on tnle,andl found that iio respecry" j nr aU!'.Chrt(au;:.'cohhfries u corild all Ihis febus true. of is pleas-especially in our Bepublic 'it Hi christo of now a are kinds various open ure, if weonly sought Itln splrit II VGIENIC NOTES.' women. They can enter-- the different protian meekness. Let' us theb meet all difffessions. Tho colleges and schools have iculties, with fortitude;.and instead ..of com- - ; Fcti Babies Teethiajr. Two irory Biart more bur ith those lives prosperous, thrown open their- - doors.;, The platform is' paring rincrs tied toffeilier "with a shbrt striog ard .prcfera- free to her; she can bo editor, author or let us go to the weak and the5 lowly; 'to those abld;to rubber, yrhfclr contains mineral liable to ;' sorin cast "down care attaetied. and is with no burdened j Many ; journalist, and stigma llu'i injure Ihtf little teeth. t ; of the most oppressive and degrading laws row, and ia'ste&Tof! repinTntt thd:Mrid of00 (sweet oil) jfoiaon chrandbless oth-- o ad ver&r have been repealed fler condition in every 4 aio;inIstcred: freely isVariTexcelleat'. remedy .for jurjCompaiatiyp. abundrespect is different, her freedom enlarged, e'rs.tLet;jisV;pf eifest citherpf these ills.' It is also one ance sbmelmn g to 'comfort ,th e lives and and yet it has in no way proved an injury vitli dTarrxhea children. for .. remediis and best fhoso who' are to either man or womanj- women are as lovstrengthen fthefheU faintinglriiiifela weary "struggle, and how ing, gentle; and1 kliid Tas inodesf, pure and vFor jQitanh.To j take i glasa will own lives a3 and msch as brave men true, CB cotton? and moroiplcasant.our noble, battle womanly; posriato iit a looselj. with it-ito blessed more she y give before Woman had attained: the liberty seem, gpoonfal or , two each1 of-- fpirits of turpentine, -ihan 4o receive and 4f- - we impart comforMo now possess. ? But tho better day has just camphor, ammonia and hemlock, inhale frcuentl fcoVtforr 6f it to to be re- -, othersG6d 'will' Infpttrt dawned. through the nbse and now and then into the month, ' ; before own our difficulties hearts; overcome and Jo moved, girca greal relief frorii suSeriag' and will also euro mU3tJ)e the fuirapletibcons,Wom elFctually. ' The same ingredients' mixed witkut , of thank-fashion. bo freed fromTthe. slavery and folly will only seet forGoo?s glory and thq cotton,: and with oil to lessen the intensity of ' over an inferior is hand position ful for Hisf care. His' lovrng Legally shostjil occupies the spirits make one of the-- best lineaments for and not unUl Woman his freedomto express gore; throat. swellings tc if uscontinually'evcri in Wasteriing us. Ho her thoughts can the evils that now, exist is seeking bur bast goodpf jve willbut bow J, ' Sun.Bath.Thii. is '.the "most : refreshing and be remedied'' t unto KsZrV "v toan(I, purif pur hjHrbe?bror bath that can possihl be taken. Lir-in- g arid abide Mis3 IUridnian: spoke of tholaWs that' bear thai in HlTspirif mayenter him, and aleeping in a room into which the sun most heavily upon .Woman. ..Liquor laws; with' us, Jnsteadlbfff etting" pur lives: away.1 never shine."? is a 'slow and miserable form of suU property laws, and laws binding as though In vain regret3 and filling our hearts with ' . ;v ; : ciie.:;;:;v(:., enacted by legislature deprive her of just bitlerribss j?. and Vuncharitablericss I towards -- 5i ; remuneration for her labor. Woman is not. Godandur;feHowinon of s t h yi n for.fUme and po w- -r Instead her protected in "' hbmehefvagesreimtation cr, s'cek integrity and goodness ; Iks Yuntil; or urclthcr I , 1 ? , 1 i i . J ! , , -- -- n j j 1 J -- e a.-dirg- ; i v.-- h-! - to-d-ay. ! finely-execute- s. pro-videsfory- ou ! ! ; j : ! T. ;; i 1 -- r-ev- : pqv-ertyliowevt- rabject Em-ploment- o'f ; c L erusto '? of-tli- , "wide-month- ed i for-trui- the-obstacl- ! 3. -- es J T J 1 . ! ' life-gino- g , . I property; aia. ,rian; tan . . . . . 