6 WOMAN'S "EXPONENT. ... ,;XHE NEW T CENTURY," 5 ; -- 1776 1876 1 atch .'; The Women's Executive Committee pose io publish, oh the opening of the proEx-positlq- n, devoted aEEJCLYpEBtpbp to the industrial ines'.of:.';men. All departments of women's wort, as represent ed in the Exposition, or as noted' in correspondence' Irora abroad and at home, will All means for ifiomo; nder. consideration. waiting-acceptanc- e. - , After visiting the boys schools I went on to the girlsl schools, which are now an in-stituti- on of t exceptional importance in Egypt Women have1 hithjerto, under the Moslem rule, led a veiled, secluded, useless, Here and there r: Jgnorant life, in the Jiarem.; 0 European; goyernpsscs yhavo .been intro- UuBd,; but the cases areso exeeediuglyaro thaVitrnay broadly: stated that up to two women , were; npt educated fin 'T Egypt, and,-- ' consequently, national education wholly wanted , the true foundation of ail teaching the mothers .lessons to her children But two years ago one of the - Khedive's wives, a woman in advanco of her country, determined to found tahd en. dow a school for her sex In'Calro. An . an-.- i cient palace was ntilized, a staff s it (Organized j dorm! tori es arranged, , : Hyejgo, i rs class-room- provided; and the Cairo. their daughters to bo public invited V.taught,.. fed,. lodged and clothed: freolof tcharge. z: At first the invitation met with no response, Even eighteen, days' before the : dayjiajned for the opening . of the school CitbeTo was .not a single 'name entered.-- Tho authorities wero in despair. Tho project seemed hopelessly ia advauee of public ; . to send : ; : - - place-i- ' ' of $1.0 apiece.. ....The "New York Morris town,; N. n f; J May22d;...i. Xbrd Derby, Secretary of State for foreign ! to Secretary Fish's letter in regard to the Winslow Case- - 1 "affairs, has sent an answer Lord Lytton's is entitled lastji poeia Emma Abbot has "King Eoppy.-.-Miss,- ; just made hpr debut in London in opera, which; was highly favorable, the applause Moore's original was very great... manuscript of Lalla Ilookh, with several of his autograph letters are to be offered for sale in London soon m,. Madame Guilandt, a French lady residfng at Itome, has 'present, v-To- na . ed a portrait of Washington, wrought in Gen. mosaic, to the city, of, Philadelphia Spinner has been investing iti Teal estate in , , ,f Florida, -- 'i - ' HYGIENIC NOTES. 1 Ferricr his written of late some. very, important things iii r gard to sleeplessness which it would be well tb reflect and, act, upon.. In slqep, Jr. jw hf blood flows sh d, :,i " : ill She-onl- GENERAL. ' ' t-- son's favorite' grand daughter died recently is coming into fashion .in Bosion-TCo- ral again ;.;.A very destructive h'ailstoriri took ; k-yi- . , thefirsi'oTSepte ? -- SPLINTERS. ' ' ' . . World" has been sold by Morton Marble, to William Henry Hurlbut...... Thirty thou. sand troops "including three 'cavalry regiments, are under oniers to sail for Cuba.on cross-legge- d religions, 3Iohomraedan, Copt, , Jew, and Christian. There were negro slaves thir-lyeight' all together rescued from bondtrained wth. a view esage, and being pecially $a entering domestic serviceFrom class, we went to the reading, , tne jso wing :wnting and language ciast.es (Arabic, Tuf and French). ' In all, tho .quickness of appreh'enQn. and the rapidity of progress r asTemarkable, the fenort df thc teac-- I ly era, anil as..6r;as"I;could test this Btatement . I fonnd it true, '"r'My glrls'lea'rn even moro quickly tlian Arab boys,"; said the direft- res?. I h eard the. fable of the wolf, the fox and lamb 'dictated in Arabic, and it was5 written for the most part VI thout error by - tho girls in Turkish. I examined one brown-facewoolly .headed little girl of eleven inf knew Africa. But geography. me names she gave of tho departments the of Egypt; and pointed out on the map Cairo, Alexandria, Port Said, Suez, Assouan, Bar. i. fur, Abyssinia, Madagascar, Zanzibar, Morocco,. Senegambia, and Tunis. , I then aked her how she would go to Tunis. "By the desert, on a camel." ls there no other way?" Yes, by the sea' "How would j'oti get tq ihQ. sea?" ,"JBy rthe railway" (which the Arahs call "baboo, a corruption 'Is there jio pf the Italian '"vapore"). other way than tho railway?" "Yesj "by"- . ', , e, ' -- EDUCATION OF GIRLS IN EGYPT. ; Times.; ,i The first Presbyterian Church in Arizona Ter. has just been organized at Tuscon,.... The Inhabitants of Greeley,! Colorado, have built a $30,000 school-housibyf contributions y aaghterso-giri3fnionihatevr?-H- ' i '. : ! Chairman Ex. Com. nd . back, but always fastened by a blue silk necklaces All had ornaments ribbon. or bracelets or earrings or rings, but no obtrusive adornment eaught-rneye. Their bsots were European, and they were all sitting on benches in European fashion the Turkish style being forbidden. There were various races Circassian Nubian, Egyptian, Levantine, and even French of very different classes, from PashaVs' , T play-grou- fund3.- - London -- the directress, received: us. ,Thei schools are in" a fine old Arab house, built, 'in two stories, rou nd a quadrangle, with; large and lofty rooms, and a fountain and garden to look upon. We first saw the girls'at needlework,, from plain needlework up through the. various stages of crochet, double stitch, and other mysteries to exquisite lacework and Turkish embroidery. There w ere about a hundred sifting together: ; They were all dfefsed in alain, brown cotton, loose gown, fastened by a leather band round the waist. Their faces were' unveiled, and they wore their Jiair in plaits or falling loose down the ttee jydman's Centea nial Department, PQ3 Walnut St. Subscription price, $2,00, in advance, for six, months. and - for the dowry. the nest-eg- g A pleasant, smiling young french woman, man's Department,Centennial Grounds . .njLAPELPmA. r City subscriptions, and . all matter forj advertising department, must Com-m- i i be sent Ao Chairman of Publishing si s ; ; pf-teache- - ' .v 1 bed-room- s, myltf-forman- n, advancing iho prosperity and extending the are open .opportunities of women-worker- s for suggestion and discussion in our columns. . . Attention will be especially given to the newi departments in trades and handicrafts, in artistic work, in education, in the scientific and learned professions, upon which women are entering; and correspondence is requested from women ip such vocations. The results of experience, In new and 'previously unworked fields, and the statement of pecuniary profits derived therefrom, will bo of positive value to other workers,' arid are respectfully solicited. Advertisements and cards are requested from women in business. . Those who have patented articles. forsale, are requested to sed descriptions of thcjm to this office. Advertisements , of general interest will "alsq.oe receive. As thfs paper is published lnyihe'AVoman's Department, within the Exposition Grounds,' and will have a wide circulation among American and other vis- Mfofsitsadvtihtages as an advertising medium ard evident. Correspondence, communications, anil subscriptions by mail, will r bo received at the office of "The New Century," Wo- - and with i broad grinl "We; saw washing, ironing and cooking in1 other parts of tho the buildings; there4 is a capital bath, andbedfitted with neat little! iron steads, looked clean7 airy and comfortable. We wouhd! up our inspection with the Egyptian national anthem, performed, by a small pupil onrUhespianp Who had only learned music three months, r . '. Education is in its infancy In Egypt; . But what I have described is the germ of a good systemwhich yearubyyiear ,is gradually supplanting the old, schools.; TwOrthings are essential normal schools- and plenty of t, enteen arrived; "et apre's celasald .".eles siont.rnees:cpmmei.1une avalanche.' ' The school. woulb onl contain 300, and on the opening da$ ?400 fed to be' rejected. Since then the applications have! never ceased, andJ there' are" now. dverr900 A second' school has been operied,a third isY in5 process and nnnierously-Bigne- d ;petitf0fis 'for come from the similar institutions, have large towns in the interior; in fact, popular prejudice is completely routed; The instruction given is such as is calculated to enable a woman to become thej capable mistress of her household. Twenty-fou- r hours a week are given to intellectual train? ing, the rest are devoted to instruction in needlework, cooking, washing, and the proper management of a house. The training is for five years. Every year there is a grand lottery for the sale of all the needlework, and the proceeds are put by to make WOMEN'S DEPARTMENT. . In a ntonber pffoppdngxhildrea from'tta hospital, so th4t rjthc school shouldtnot be h wholly without scholars. . But qnihe day came an Arab' moih'erwlth her of se daughter-- , ;Threp days'totex eigh-teent- - INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. ( the riveiyor a camel." "Why! would you is quickprefer the babobr?" "Because" it hesitation est." ;Ali this was 'said without opinion-i- : JLwa& seripuslyi proposed :to draft 1: from thd: heart to thrj braw; and the increase or uuivnu. w nrotratof exeitenienS of quieti Abyexertioa of flow hraia,' '6UeTii ie?p;tK6aght increases the . and whilci I thatVcoaUnucs i of blood to this' orgatf 1.4 cil i tod and tho" body ' suffers . from want of sleep or rost. Anything which tends to as promote circulation of blood in tho brain such worry or anxiety tends to sleeplessness, any cause that tends to din linish this flow of Hood induces sleep. "The b t things to promote sleep arc U1UUUUUUU l Ul ri-- i'-"X- '"" Jbi-a.i- -- and monotony of soumd, warmth,- - dark cause in those i wx UMd excitement. This physeight hours sleep ician, like man;, others-thinan . fcdolt, to positively iseoe iry'every- - might restore the nfgJiizatidn after the j wear and tear. to ' which it is daily subjected. Ho: also .says . the be- " y f ks moru a' person exercises their brain,, ;the greater the necessity to . .recuperate, ,for , eTery?.aet of thoujrht entrvitj a. certain lops or consumption of . I . -- " VxcTetv lit id calls theNinetcenth tury "thc jir'iury of wdincn." Cen- 