'i W 0 MA N " I it look at it the better I like Jt! I'have shown to many, and shall show it to more; air different man to what'J should have both thought'" or "to hat he is rf presented expressed In writing and in pictures!" all said "It is a comething in this style, aBd all line face," or, "a good face," orra handsome face.,' I uay it is a splendid face and . ex-claini-- "A expree-mon,landj- io person possessing: ihe slightest taste ceuld pronounce it otherwise than good and striking, dignified and geBial. If there is not a good heart beneath, the face is a lie! I do thank ycu for it, I shall value it beyond to those who conprice, and I shall f how it demn without knowing, who believe without to many, or I enquiring. It shall give the lie I thank you for it very n!11 much mistaken. heartily; next to your own none could please me more.' Another extract from same letter:" You e likeness of say 'the photograph is a the most extraordinary man of the age; I most agree with you; he U, to my mind, the extraordinary man of the time, and of the age. I have already toM you whatl think about it; I am greatly interested in it, I admire it; I love to show it to my friends and hear their remarks; I am proud of it, because you are my friend and are intimate with him; he is your chief and you believe in, and follow; he is the abused of the abused. This photograph has taken away all the prejudice I might once have had, and tells me he is not the man he is represented to be so grossly. One has only to Icok on that fine face to feel, to believe, that he Is It will indeed be belied beyond credence. treasured by me and proudly shown to all. Again, I thank you for it." life-lik- ANNUAL MEETING DESEEET SILK ASSOCIATION. June loth, 1876, the One year ago was organized withassociation above named out capital, yet, by the blessing of God upon the diligence and perseverance of those who labored, aird the means appropriated by donation from different persons in the community, the Society has been able to pay for nearly all the cccoons that were for sale in the Territory. Seventy lbs of cocoens have been disposed of for reeling; fourteen lbs have been donated to the Society. 3, ft Seventeen silk pocket handkerchiefs, (a very good article) have been woven, and twenty-fiv- e yards more of the same material are now in the loom; a sample silk stocking has been knit on the Lamb's knitting machine; three pounds of silk have been made into "sewing frilk, floss and twist; this twist is for sale at the Z C. M. I. Some of the silk has been woven into pillow lace. :Some of the cccoods have spoiled by moths and millers soiling them. 4 ! "I": "!.. Deseret News, and carefully observing, these difficulties may be obviated. .". A few large cocooneries will not H e as beneficial to the. community as if farmers in general .would devote a rortion of land to raising mulberry trees, whiciVwould give employment to aged people ami children, and would be a source of wealth, as well as to promote industry. Utah i as good a climate for silk culture as any in the world; samples of silk were taken from Utah, by Elder Paul Schettler, to France and Italy, and by competent judges there were pronounced of. the best quality. It now requires quantity before machinery can be made to-da- y, , V!. - TV it. T practicable, meantime, stockings, sewicg-sil11 ess, &c, can be manufactured forborne use. Although few in Bumbers, as yet; we hope to te this enterprise propcr. ps rIso all others k, EXPO S N E NT, fcW. - - 'succeeding it may increase in interest each -- -- fnnv ; ZiN A D. YorSG , ; j : President Deseret Silk Association,1 Juno 15th, : . ? . i 1876. The Deseret Silk Association met .per adjournment, City Hall, Tuesday evening, "J "Jy lltb, Mrs. Zina D. Young presiding.' After ; the meeting had been opened by pray.pand the minuteslof the last meeting fe ftndt .accepted, Mrs.: Young made a few remarks upon the business, the success, etc. BroviA. M. Musser then gave some of his views in regard to the course to be pursued; said he had 2,000 mulberry trees that were doing well; he anticipated great results. Bro. Smith from Bountiful a silk weaver, spoke, mostly upon the get ting of machinery; said it would be very little expense to procure sufficient. Sister Smith also made some excellent remarks. The silk business is progressing slowly but effectually' Some cf the finest cocoons are now ready for use. Miss M. A. Kockwood spoke of having commenced to learn the silk reeling she' began about tvo months ago, and intended makwas ing herself Droficient In the e ilk work;nsw a ThereJs the with occupation. pleased acto very fair prospect for some real benefit crue from' the manufacture of tilk in Utah,:al-thoug- h there must necessarily be time to bring f about any great purpose. - . V J For tbe TxroNE: t. WOMAN'S VOICE. I have just come home from Sunday attendSchool; I have fed my ed to some other domestic duties, and now I want to say a few words to tho mother.?. I am , a teacher in tho Sunday Schopl, vhere I take my, six childreriiwhehthcy are well, and they are usually blest with good health, for which I feel grateful; hut "sometimes when they : aro not very mWcII through the' week thoy seerri to get betier for Sunday. I think mothers do not take silk-worm- i ? , .... number of buildings struck by lightning and some people killed in New England.... ..Six companies of U. S. Infantry from Cincinnati ti gone to reinforce the army now operating against the Indians;.. .Postmaster Jewell has resigned at President Grant's request. " ' - 2D that will benefit the community: Hoptcg that year. ... - s, the interest in this great priviiego they ought; they might do many more things than they do to help in the gop4 wovk. Mothers havo a very important mission to fill in this generation. ?; Our children, even here in Zion, are growing up without a knowledge of ; tjie Gospel in a great measure; and.parentsjare to blame in many instances , oWp rau t teach our children the woi d of tho Lord , and pratcise it ourselves, or. we shall bo held accountable at the last day. im.iuterst ed in the things of the kingdom of. 4God,and faith-full- y I would like to see every one working ' with their best ability, V How can wo sit down .with our harads folded and say all is well, anjl think we are going to be saved in the CelestialjiiDg-dom- ? erve me vith Kil The Lord says thy might, mind and streDgtlv andpniy without ceasing.'7 I think woman has so much to do and to learn that she has no time to spend on but as wife and mother to bo; up and doiDg. We must learn what we came here for; assuredly it was not to waste time in vanity and foll3r. We must learn of ; the things of God and practise true principles. , President. . to SPLINTERS. ? FOREIGN. An Art and Industrial Exhibition for North Wales is to bo held at yrexham...... A Shakespeare Memorial Theatre and Picture Gallery are to be built in Stratford. Mr. Spurgeon it is said will visit America nextAutumn... The Emperor has given 3,000 marks towards a monument for Luther in In Shetland: Eisleben, his native town to be as hardy the'ministers are expected . chea-..,.as to almost as ponies and livo Mrs Craik, the author of "John Halifax,: Gentleman, " is erecting a drinking fountain-hea- r addiher residence in Kent with-tri.. tion of penny loaves and a money-box....women burned to death in a Twenty-fou- r carpet manufactory in Ayr, Scotland, on the 16th of June... ...Australia vill exhibit varieties of applet at the Cenninety-thre- e tennial Exhibition at;PhiIadelpriia..;:V.The Emperor William of Germany Tvhcn travdistinelling is unwilling to receive any !' :? of attention .'J guishing marks ; tri-fle- sj If woman is to be a companion, 7 - h Jst without the other in the Lord. : ; .j ',. ;.v Sisters, we must train purciiildrqn-.ithright way, that they may be an hongr iQ us; let us gain wisrYom and. get underatanding, that we may teach our children ln'itho; ways . of the Lord. . X realize It is Jhe .mother Jhat makes the man;( then hpw: greattheepon. sibility of mothers, to instil, intpje; minds of their children truth, honesty aflrt Virtue. I believe there are many noble spirits ruined through, tno weakness and; iudujgence of parents. They smile and flatterAlio child e ": The new Masonic Hall, Buffalo, was dedicated June'24th with imposing ceremohies A new air line to Boston, by way of New Haven, Middletown and WiUimahtic Dr. Conn., will soon be completed. of WashingtonjPenn., has constructed a furnace for the purpose of cremation ......John Neal, poet and author, died' recently at Portland, Maine, at the age Of 83 ......Prof. Botta of New Yrork has been1 ap. pointed by the Italian government commissioner to tho Exhibition at Philadelphia ......A terrible tornado in central Iowa on Tuesday evening July 5th, great destruction of life and property, one whole village swept away devastation dreadfuli.....Tho. Emperor of Brazil made a sppech in New York on the 10th inst..... .Excessive heat in Neworkr Washington and Philadelphia; The Hemany deaths from brews in the United States are preparing to found a college' in Cincinnatti...4..A large is too young to correct, and when it grows bigger it is too large and' old and knows Le-Moy- no snn-stroke.- ' - ; m. r - counselor to man, and ho attains tp thrones, principalities and; powers, Jhe wife tohoiMU Qqal and stand by his side, what a workijies before her to perform; it is sid.on ti not e GENERAL. a. more than its parents; then cornea of what they have sown. ,Let eye.ry ono learn not to smile or encourage wrongs 0ven . in a child, the-fruit-s vAVW. FACTS AND FIGURES.: I Tiie IraUans bring l;nr Up. fro rrfiho bpttoni of the Mediterranean yearly ' 150,W;pounds ' of coral worth $1,150,000. " The engino vthat furnishes steam at the - ';; Z Centennial weighs.800 tons. ; Tuere aro 662 miles of water' r 1 the city of Philadelphia, and founbin. " . ; 72 ' )":' plp3 iir drhiking ' 