WOMXN'S EXPONENT. friends is the tirne for action, what should lft t us never, put off till let us'not neglect to speak aA ; be doneptQ-da- i yi chwini;wordbrwperform an. act '6t klndnes3 or if ;Mri? ;ej;lect it :;wbinQppoxtiini tpayrwjiljbt WEtyj?) Books good - husband, when y ou shall get ' " ' :ii " '''U ' t -- : tirne? crastinAtion is tlieief nie ad-- " vise you, instead of going to from one to six dances in a week, to spend tjueime AlMis eni-ploy- o . at-w- e p ; : : ; jbellr us", tions in this world; so we can gainAour crown in the next world if wo are worthy of it; and that wo;can build tea) pies unto , the Lord, and , can be the remission io? our tfiins baptlzefor ' v that wecan have oil rto heaU the sicki Liu; -faith, and holy5 brethren to .administeX the-vortlinances ahd to teach the principles of Atho Gospel and showing us how to gain our ' salvatioHhat we can work' for our Savior and bring His children into i the" klngdomi cf help 1 neaveh; 'fbr Christ said 'euffet litttie.cUlldreii ?AJi9 'come urito me for such is the kingdom of : 'lone. J fmportani; item is to aget an ; Another ver j understanding of human nature, so as to ho r able;to"tlistinguish the beal frohi'the counter- ' eit, as in outward appearance they Sometimes so nearly resemble each other, th should t .' constantly remember that "All is riot gold that I to-mbrr- ow, mproWi-Pt- a1 'preciate 157 ) -- ! remarks which I j .wjth; these' rjfearDearare.Editor self very scatteringiVI sybscribe ed in.attending ;eypnin schools lectures, j etc.; orinsome way that will tend to make, you j ' a useful members of society, and which will pre--Tpareyou to fllLiwithr; honor the posftipns pi 4 .Awives and mothers; as these arewhen properly -- . ; "' your Men d. r. i . " r:v:'-- sunders toc,4nd'appredated,vaiid v f , 7 ! '' ' r f ( . T. A Kate, :- -1 : ; A ;v'":v?? Heaven," A ; to ye ought appreciate Curtice homes and inifortabie beds to" slefri in, and ul that 'if. we tiS and Veught to be i ' Gos 1876. Washington AJA' niy ; ; " V; AT 'I A;' J XM . praymr titblwemay so' LETTERS. j P ?4nse"aresuTjeci Xhat if olaire'siclr .and the we will have ifc iiEj'd'ere. la&iriU'aniis upoapur lieads fw will i87G: far too lightly Hfe do i not bestow tpott! them I the soher; thought iand v reflection - whicijt A Hire sfiouldl ; Just think girls, there- - ark no doubts "scores of women in theworld who wuld,'could I TtA5ealS"ftutith EpitOR Womans Exponent:' wellAnd we shoii ast horiored'and beloved wife, of an honorable,' vir- tuous and affectlbnateman. fi ;j ;f ; ; 7; IJaclvo-cat- e to 'wish understand that I do not yoti fhe principle of putting "old heads on" young shoulders.' .1 jfirmjy believe that recre-ation.and enjoyment arc necessary' to the j young, and thatif they axe so . restricted that J they have no means of enjoying themselves and satisfying the natural craving for amuse- A ment, while under-th- econtrol of parents or A guardians, they, in many cases, run, to the ex- - j tremeiiea p pjbr u ty .J5ut j I dono .Relieve .there are man .ofour ai;en ts j V; who use? undue strictness with, their, children; .. though we: may feel atthe time that swe do. not j have the liberty that we should, or that some of our friends have, we will yet feel to thank ? them !for their watchful care, and good advice, 'Ite'member, girls, the old" and true sayinv'as j the twig is bent, so the. tree inclinethi" and if we are Careful observers of hum aft nature, we I wb$ see proofs of1 tills every day K Chi ld hood and youth are the periods when our characters f are formed ;h 6 wcarc nitshbtild4 we thebefinvf the forming bf 'tnem;1 we should avoid all com-- ; ;pany,which will not have a jteency to? ele- 5 Wfte and Teflne ouFminds a;ntj puriif otir ideas', 1 unleVs we can exert a "'good, and bring them up sio a;hj;nerstahdird liisteiicl oir ourselves deolifi jrig to a Iower y , JIpw mnnn f xr An coin ei'hl a" 'cri rls. After'soKftr 'xeflnfit- - ! imita te ti bse foolish girls ion,' would wish-ftwho think, to be seen, they must constantJytbe lieard, "who push themselves forward-t- attract j ihe attention of the opposite sex. j jt woyldsay j i to them that it is not always theigayest flower which is most prized; and most of the admira-- i tion you doxreceiye is only momentary, and ; seldom: from i those: possessing good tasle. and j J -- thiY iftf -- soon as it i& ) t sTbe general jmpressipn isjjhat you are abused, downtrodden and .degraded; C thatvih elective ; 0 t- ,- -- ? ! ' 1 1 1 ; " " 7 : 'A 4 1 -- A4 7 .yEhe prospect is glwmynojeed ano;.Iv am satis-- ; i&dhat nothihghbrt of odC : j .7, the evils oX;the age, and provide thef necessary remediesV But as He is altogether ignored by thern, there is- a. terrible future and that too - 'iiro r'iA& A "ot-Miluvr-'- . rA.A A A'tyV- J liiiy---- ; . cpnfidence and girls possess which-gairUesteem of good men and , Jhose not attracted 'JJ- by a modestretiriug nature, a sweety dkposi-- 1 tiori- and good meralU'bVracter; are not worth j he - V- - haylngi " : LiAgaIn . iL -- i-n- l : t would 'say, do :not of Vi7atHhe Expense : 'or injury ! ' seek- ' 0 ! f - others, ,t-i- j seekingHfter that ; which will nbt Drotl'ti?you;' either nJW;6r in; af-"V 'ter ears; Do Jnot! X'e Irt too 7gati hurry to p noC take; any ewhofrers j . j get inarfie'd;; do, hlniseif because jie m"ay promiseairsb' oHm- T 'alt your :prcclbus-tim$Mn- J i ' you his eter nat. 'and ttiinoffering not ca-. undying afTecti on',' wiben perhaps ne is 'honora--; ; trije, V. pable :of so pure a sentinientj -: "7 ble'love.' But rather prepare yourselves to pr'p6Vsible ; J i '' tcacupfui of rail k' for each pint of oysterk; - When the edges begia to ninle add some butter, and do not let ; them' Etafjd but serve iminediately. Qysters should simmer any' more" than fire' minutes 'on the whole. . When cooked ton Jong; tney nccomcnara, Lit !dark and tasteless.'' Ai 5 ; to 'simmerf add ; half a"-- ' ;:-n- f. . J?i ' J ISy thenixm: a doth to ab3ori afterliquor, then dip'Crst in bcaten egg and FnldOystcrs. Ulie ; ; that begins -- , ' Adda salpoonfut of salt, for each pint. ; 'ami when of oystcrVani half as muhli 'epper : :pysjt'ers.' " A : i'. ii- - life-an- A I A- oysttr AStccdjs water as you have or and then ,a'dd half as much -- , . ! t;l 1878 5 -- : 'Wo-man- f enjoyment p'r spend Feb. 2Sth Officer , : 4. Ttnln r . iWlft wvixyiw . , H' As I am a little girl l knbwthat. rcannoy u- 0 Atnicfc any body and yet I want r to- - tell : what I i km thankful forlandrwhat we all ought tq be o ffrateml iori tjr the first place .,wff should j be thankful for having a Heavenly Father who nas:given us placed us Jiere on earth to gain' an exaltation for ourselves, and to have the privilege of having the Gospel preached to ! us by the Elders of the Church of 'iesus Christ 'of ;Latter:day ;aiMs,' and :of-- - reading holy i:" book's; and - how - ChristA came n jliis ; earth ' ? teachin.nnfd the multitudes' by'pnjables and ; ; , ; healing all manner or eicKness ' rwe ' cau ink thankful be ,And. weJj should; us: good par that he has given'; A( serve Godan , eat,' water to drink, and clothes A" eh ts,1 food A "to weir) and (hat we havA fls". an-i- tribula- , 1-- j Lake" Cit alt' T7TTTrT . m i POOR, OLD, AND A WOMAN; iiJ ' -- , o-- j E. T. i -- -- - ' .. e de-f.,fepi- sed ys, v;:n w. V st:;- . .1 , willing to accept the-- palyation that .these people have to oifer, for if, the power to Saints, it is rsaveis not .with the Latter-da- y ; ' - "Mrs; Margaret Howard,! a .widowy aged 8d,:died on her way to iSt Petor'fi Hospital, ' yesterday, of. neglect ahd hunger. It is althat sho was turned out of doors byfi leged Hroi-ativin Columbia Street, was refused ad- !frt Knmn nf her Achildren'a houses. ' and was turned into tho street: to dlev Sho was" ound lying upon! tho sidewalk, by A L A uA i: I O'Brien." . Tho above is cut from tho: Brooklyn items of tho New York Daily.Tribune, of the 28th alt: Sho was guilty of.threo great offences 's she was poor, old, and n woman. - , f; Al ioiirnal. . ;I ify themselves ' before God, 4 to prepare toj stand in their place, to receive the thousands of their own sex, who 'will "yet come "and be f , -- i h'Ama - A - not very far.phw jir i ylucw .) arouse womenUtah of h'ul Xiet the themselves, ahd v$iay asida jail follies,pride vanityand sanct-- : - ;t : Ko- times.Vomdris Joarnal. i - . : H ' - It must. KHrnnlH mi fid that in those for th'er' Was a 'greater stnigglo di-i' 'earlimes existence, arid that tho principle' of tho vision pit labor waV'fcot Carried but to a largo1 ex&nt, b;that; thbf tendencies to a f diiiereriliatlbnfirr tho characteristic' of tho two sbxes wa less marked tlian iri modern tinwaxleir i ? male skulls from tha: carlicst AsepnUures do nor difffir in canacitv frorh' thd cotemporary aleskuils' to sthe samf extent wliich Crania s' Uf the Wrt 'finVMAfyfinRrnllv differ; from; one another at tho present day. J ' ;, VOMEN. OF 1 ..tiori oft humanity signally, fail, ,alsOSOcially,"; ; o -- 8lsUrar-?---4- . ';;1dniGINAIi 'EQUALIT You have need - only to glance casually at the Christian world to discover that their sys-- ; terns are a decided failure, and all attempts by j - - j their Mormon : , j j j " ; intents andi jiurposls slaves. lA;hav talten great pleasure inldefending you ..and.-- : explain- -' ing your true position socially,and hiorally and, really believe I have become morel deeply; in, love than ever?with'? my subject; The Jwomenl of jtah'rnUs be knbwn to be appreciated and ktised 'that the lime is riotffar distant; when the downtrodden' women; of imonbgamic association of Christianity will he f Iel 'that we have , ;iiranchise granted you, .was only a blind to de- ceive the outside world, iHd that you are to all. f I tatV are propounded as, knqwn mat one is irpm u ian. , . . that-pjbi- jVery-manyjquesti- ons I " ot bo grateful A;thesun to'givo uSligh and the stars And'inoon to givp'light; by night and herbs, and fruits, and plants" for our use; L that. He has given us ram so they might live., We ouht to be grateful -- for these things and a great many more. And I hepe we all will, v A Little Girl., v. 5 AAlhyxunSeM ; and ;stalion for th er privilege which wejallof TuaTj rni J --MM- the highest anil most glorious to which wo can vattain in social position; in this world ii:7H nre-t6.:wa- ; I ward in powdered cracker, and fry in hot: lard or . batter to alight brown. If fresh lard ii used, put in a little salt. Cook quickly ia very, hot fat, or 'they will absorb loo 'much grease..: : -- 