WO is price ot colored muslin or printed calico,1 or pretty-the saraewhether tho .garO; ugly; the ribbon that is tastefully disposed upon the bonnet, costs no more than the one that is ill arranged. The shawl IsM he und eanie in value whether it is dragged the shoulders like an Indian's Wanker or worn in graceful folds. It costs no more to buy colors that harmonize than those that do not. Indeed, true taste will generally be found on the side1 of economy, ' because simplicity Is; the first cost is thus lessened, and garments that are really well shapThe exercise of ed, are longer in favor. good taste, therefore, need not be consider, ed the privilege of the few; it may regulate the toilet of her who earnif what she expends, upon it, as well as for her wbdselbftls aie paid by a ncn . latner; toe more it is studied the more good sense and simplicity will be consulted, because these are included in the principles of true taste. "Whilst taste may be made to regulate the dress of all, even of the working classes, wealth, unaccompanied by it, cannot command its beautiful results. Your clothes may be ordered of the best dressmaker, and everything you wear may be of the most costly materials, and in the latest Paris fashion; and yet you may spoil your appearance by your manner of putting them on, and by wTearing those articles together which do not accord. The most expensive dresses at a ball are seldom those that produce the best effect; and nothing so effectually defeats its object, as an excess of or- nameni. &ome persons seem 10 nave an ii)hefenHoye of finely," andoem to "cling to it pertinaciously," even wnen their understandings are convinced that it is repug nant to the feelings of refined minds, and that it is a trait common to: all barbarous tribes: they cannot reason upon their preferences they can only say, that what others condemn as tawdry, looks pretty to them. This persuasion generally takes place very early, and is much to be regret-eas it prevents the growth of purer principles. We have often thought that the very bad taste in which dolls are usually dressed, may have something todowith this early love of finery. Child renhave often a real affection for their puppets; and when they are bedizened in all the colours of the rainbow, and decked in all the odds and ends of finery that can be stuck upon them, the little dears learn, by this association, to love this tawdry ornament whereas d a doll would have an important influence in establishing a correct taste in the mind of the child. We once knew a family where the dolls were all very neatly dressed, like babies and little children, and not as fine ladies, on purpose to make-thea more rational and useful source of amusement; and we would beg all young ladies who dress dolls for little girls, to do it in such a manner as not to foster a love of finery. T. -- . -- d, well-dresse- m . fua agaiusiiDi8Daa taste by mak- Weha;Vard-mothop donnhtn u h t er-w- i ii 6ic ing It one of their childish ft , . to wear a very tawdry cap full punishments of .feathers, and bows of ribbons of all colours flowers, and rn juaging- by what wp sometimes, by grown up people we might suppose that sqch a cap had been their reward in childhood rather than iheif was thus recommended to punishmentnmd their best affections. Ine love of finery is rarely cured,ahd forms an insurmountable obstacle tQ thQ cultiva-tio- r of puro taste, . Whosoever Is conscious of possessing it, ought to mlstrtisO her own 1 -- bo' matlera of Xn the advive df other. Kb plain- see-wo- JV'l MA mS E X P'O.NlE HT 39 aess of dress can ever be construed to your disadvantage batj ornamental; additions-- , which in their best state are a very, doubtful good, become a positivo evil when defaced, or soiledj-o- r tumbled. Shabby feathers, and crushed or faded artificial flowers, are an absolute disgrace to a lady's appear"--" ance; while their total absencq would never -- be remarked- .- Nex t - to - soiled Tst pekin gs, soiled bonuet-cap- s are , the most; offensive lady's dress; and the latthings in a young o common. Whatever' apter are proaches tho7 face should ? be particularly clean; and it is better always to wear those materials whlcri "will wash than to use silk ready to enter upon, it at once and much time is saved; you are not discomposed , by unexpected guests; and, if particularly engaged, you can wear tho same dress all day. Very yonng girls are apt to think that the most important item in their dress is the material , of which their frocks aro, made, ; . -- TWjieeisJMtueaUy Clean stringer smooth, ed gauzelhankerchlefs, that are worn 1111 they are faded,' or sullied, or the color changed by perspiration, are a disagreeable sight, and will spoil the neat appearance of a person, however well dressed otherwise; cleanliness being the first requisite In a lady's dres.. r. - . hairy and d m by wearr- - Color- - well-brushe- delicately clean hands, nails, -- and teeth, would make-thelook more lad y like, and better dressed, In a cheap calico, than they would be in the finest merino, or most costly French silk without these accompaniments. Those things which are most essential to a neat appearance, are most within the reach but-"to- ..."peiiafter:it-kl.at'all.:4jullied- stocking3, neat shoes and quenee. them is not to be excused. EveryIody can mend stockings and gloves, however, old they may be; everybody can avoid breaking shoestrings by wearing them too tight, or having them become untied, by tying them in false knots. Clean hands and nails, d and hair and' teeth, It is within everybckly'a power to possess; and without constant attention to theseparticulars, the most expensive garments wilt fail to producethe .effect you desire. The same which would keep honesty and you irom maicing a saving tnat you are ashamed of, should prevent you wearing anything, even out of sight, that you would be ashamed to haveseen, if sudden indisposition caused it to bo exposed before strangers. We should glad!yT adopt every contrivance for saving time and abridging the . Such qualities of mind are brought into action in connection with dress that we cannot wonder at its having great influence on the opinions that are formed of us. Who, that sees a young lady very carefully'array-e- d at a ball, and finds her when at home, and not expecting company inr a torn or soiled dress, can fail to draw conclusions unfavorable" to the character of the Individual? If you havodffied- - who-haiately become insolvent, and you Bee his' daughters appear, Boon after, in new and' costly garments, what are your feelings? " Is not all admiration of their costume lost, in the sense of its betraying a: want of common honesty, .thusto. spend the money that befather credi tors? And does longs not fhislxhlbitiori of lax principles do them more harm than any personal decora, tion can do theui good?. Dress is a very fair index of a young woman's neatness, indus' try, . economy, 'good sense,- - modesty, and good taste; andtshe, who is at all times, in her private as well as in her public hours, perfectly well dressed, according to all that we include in that term, must have many of the substantial qualities that constitute a good character and are essential to domestic comfort. (The character is much more shown in the style of dress that is worn every day, than in that which is designedJor great occasions; and when wo see a young girl .come down to the family breakfast In an untidy wrapper,'.with her Hair in paand an old silk pers and her feet well-brushe- . self-respe- ct : , s Thoso ;wh9 know how to use, the needle after :the best- fashion of our grandmothers' days, may next acquire tha .art of slighting certain parts of their work,: whero it will not interfere with durability, and so save some thousand superfluouT sf itches in a week. If it has been the misfortune .of any of my readers to have grown up without being made good needlewomen,1 the Booner they undertake to supply this deficiency- the better. A woman who does not know-hoto sew is as deficient in her to-the- ir ecl-.ucati- on . as. a man who cannot- write Let her condition in life be what it may, she cannot be ignorant of the use of her needle, without incommoding herself, and others, and without neglecting some important duties : Besides thisi there is, in this truly feminine employment, a moral power which is useful to the sex.- There is a" soothing and sedative effect in needle-worit composes. the nerves, and; furnishes a corrective for many, of the little irritations of domestic life.--.. Let no w.pman think herself exempt from the:duty of "plyipg ed shaft.", In every situation of life, she will find herself the better for an early and with plain sewing. thorough acquaintance ::; ' -- - - slip-sho- d, k; handkerchief round- herneck, LwerknQw that she cannot; bo tho! neat, industrious, and refined person whom we would like for an inmate;'; We feel equally certain too, that her chamber is not kept in good order, . and "that "she does not set a proper value upon time,. iHoweyer welLa Iap!y has appear, ed at'a party we would recomme'nd to a young gentleman, before ho makes up his mind as to herdonaestic qualities to observe her appearance at the breakfast-tablwhetrshecxpects to see only hexowiL faroi tfy; and, if. it bo such as wa, have, just de scribed, to beware how he prosecutes "the acquaintance. rt. Y To be;in tho day well it. is necessary to rise early enough to perform all the ablu-tio1 - 7 7 ::V i . -- OI ii "Selected. ... JiOVBlVS MISTAKES. i - " .. ":- -- e, Iany-- a maHiveTWitrxrwwanra" lifetime without suspecting that the wife or his bosoro has really forgotton more; than he ever Jcnew. . Many a.carpet-knlffh- t, who " plumes himself upon hi3 wonderful skill in smashing hearts, is being mentally measured and intellectually turned inside out by necessary- - to health; and Vcleanllness, the 8mllingglrls whom he thinks he is and to be neatly and completely dressed be-- ? veteran beauV who captl vatlng, Many. fore breakfast. Your" morning dres3 should 7 on his glbyes iodepart feeling proudly always 5 bo I such tlmt; yoti tvould not bo r J)ulls conscious or haying made a7 profound Tim: ashamed to ba'seenviri,1 , proton upon the soul of the belle who ha visitor; and a clean f muslin collar, or ruffle, 7enduredhlhi the evening, would. ho of the plainest inaterials, give an Impression or far greater neatness than a colored ul wonderfully ehlightcned.lf :.not edified, handkerchief; "7 It you are suitablyvressed caped her lips when, the cUng of th'i dar or thGtullness - of the arc ns . m. -'- . -- mornirg, yoYi ahnbla'nWd hfs departure." ' ' 