WO MAN'S EX PO N;E;lfc:K.V 164 Jf counsel made f Grantsville citi Tooele County, : February 21st 1876. Editor Exponent : : - - - hearts.-.- . ,:; 111 , ? Vi jsbwishingyoirtoknoh bers of the Ladies . WIle a r.D Editor Exponent: City, March 2, 1 87Cf - ure address you at this time. , The Retrenchment Association was on the 27th of Nov., 1875, with J. P. Murdock Farnsworth President, and Harriet S. Shepherd, 'Alzina E. Skinner, Celia E. Hunt, Melissa B. White Frances L. Harris and Agnes Car fbw herf Cbiinsel-oralso Eliza E. Parkinson. Secretary, and Alice M. Tyler Assistant Secretary. The meetings are well attended and a good spirit manifested. We had a; Leap Year Retrench ment Picnic Party on the 1 5 inst., which opened at 2 o'clock p. m. and continued until fen at night; we allowed no round dancing at said party. 1 We had an original opening address by the Pi esident, and select readings, essays, recitations songs etc. by the members whech were well executed, and altogether we had a very enjoyable re-organi- s, . ' ? The Relief Society of Willard is in a prosperous condition; we , meet once in two the sisters are unitedand are ever Weeks; willing to respond to any call that is made by our President, MrsJ Mary Ann Hublard. On Saturday, Feb. 26th, th sisters had a social party and .picnic tickets were Free ' given to the aged widows. We assembled at two o'clock in the afternoon and dismissed at ten in the evening; the brethren and sisters enjoyed themselves in the dance and harmony and good feelings prevailed. In the afternoon Sister Abbott read a vision entitled 4a hundred years hence,", which was listened to with great attention. ; Truly the Spirit of the Lord 'was with us. and we felt to thank him for the enjoyment we had in each others' society. r r 3Vith sorrow for her loss, I send, you tho of report tho death of our beloved sister, Ellen Chatterjy , Wood. She was born i h ' Lancashire, England, June 1G, 1812. ' Baptized in 1810, and emigrated to St. Louis in 1850. Came to tho valley! in Oct.; 1851. Married to John P. Wood. Nov. 20th 1851. Died Jan. 14th, 1876, aged 63 years,. 7 months and 28 days. She , was'-sic. about one month with typhoid fever. :Shewas First Counselor in our "Relief Society to Sis ter Hubbard.. She died firm in the faith, ana was highly respected by a large circle oi menus ana acquaintances. With respect, your sister. .Vi' thegospel, Lj r : Hannah Cook, Socretary. VCmlA - time; k . Jih ll j ; HYRUif, March 1st, 1876. "Z Editor ExroNENT: By request' of our President, Sister I send you a short report of our since I last wrote you: We meet doings every- fast day at 2 o'clock 'and v V - Lil-jenqui- st, : Clifton, Oneida 4?-. Editor Exponent; '' v w . straw-braidin- - re-for- m, ball-roo- ms i . T ' ; . Eliza ? E. ; Parkinson, : Secretary. Beaver Feb. 23rd 1876. vZ. " V . , ! ireely concerning our spiritual and temporal welfare, the necessities of the poor, Ac. A good spiritseems to prevail among tho sisters and many of them are disposed to carry out the counsel of President Young. We have instituted a g school, and aro preparing .to1 manufacture our own nats and bonnets. Wo have also made eleven bed quUt3 wo also, pursuant to your - All the members of bur Association seem to feel happy as well as willing to give their influence and might in the good work of as regards keeping late hours and round dancing etc which have been practiced to so great an extent iri our for so many years, but which are nevertheless injurious in their tendency, as well as demoralizing in their influence. We, the whole Association, are proud to be recognized, as members of so praiseworthy a. society, proud of our religious institutions for as all know they ernbnico everything which will bless' andnnoble. woman and man on earth and prepare them for a grander and happier state of existence i With sincere feelings and the best of Wishes for' your: future success) ; I remain '' "; most respectfully, ; ; ; ciation are all going to school now, as wo an PYpnllnnf UoAhn. have . i oi t ti litKp twv,uv;i 11U lii OUl vvvtivui, City to instruct them; and as their time is sofulJy occupied, it has been decided to postpone their meetings till early Spring' -when school will be over. v ; h f God to bless and aid you in your Praying labors, I remain your Sister in the Gospel, Retrenhmeht As Young sociation are doing.ir Beaver, lAvith pleas- . ri n aro counseled to improve their minds, study gyou uopks, leacn tneir children the principles of salvation, to be industrious, truthful and honest; and serve God with all their III1IMI1 wuavu it - : - Feeling.an interest in your paper and aU U- - T IV ,1 'EDITORTVoAN'S"Exi?ONENTfi- ciate. i. We are always glad, to receive the. Exponent, but, feel ashamed that there are so few subscribers in Hyrum.f Your agent here frequently appeals to the sisters, for their patronage, but in consequence of the scarcity of money, they are unable to take A more at present. i Yours Respectfully, N. M. Neilsen.-- work that is before us. Our President Mrs. M. A. Hunter is certainly the rights woman in the right place, and i3 persevering in doing good; she is ever ready with assistance and COOd Counsel fn hips iht rnolir I believe she has the confidence and good 'ccuuga ui me peupie nere. ana inasmuch as we carry out the counsel she gives us, I am sure this Society will prosper Our enemies are very fond of talking of the women of Utah as being a poor downtrodden set : of women, but I think were they to visit Utah with an unprejudiced wuuiu auer ineir opinions. LIII--V "- . ufactureighich.ali.seemed io , iuily.appre-- ; XTrifK RfiirwAToro nna To.i UJIWff AU oil 401iHJi - ; F7ZJV-.7,iJ7'-.n:-- hllfc and feel to be one- with the Saints and thoe ' who intend to do what' is right5 Ever fftPlinfFo flpcirnna fnr tho rtlf. v r vi nil m ill " . "v 'i ..rrt i ii.. suiuu, unu uie promotion oi truth;, .We remain your sisters. JaneJSmith, Secretary ; Mjlriia;R asicot, Ass' t Sec. the banners f Vo- also exhibited our' specimens of home man-- 1 hear us, bat feel strengthened ourselves; for it learns us to lean on our Heavenly .... Father for help; In arising to speak : we feel our own weakness, and it brings humil- itV- - I. know tho Tnrrl tln&a KTocc no In rmi meetings and pours out His spirit upon us. We counsel and advise each other in our duties to our fellow beings, and the great L11i11j IdflllO. in o uvot. ux wui nuiuiy fivi wu kuuw mat uy ouuu-in- g We are not only benefitting those who OLi U V M.V. f f-- - : VI ; e: had supplied the food were blessed in the .. satisfaction of having done a good deed in ministerincrw to the- need v. Ourestimon fv meetings have been more largely attended oi Jute, ana sometimes one or more of the brethren meet with us. erivo us erood counsel and encouragement, and sometimes ' assist us with means; and though it is something new for us to speak in public, yet we feel to do so In our meetings to the -- J w of teachers Hrs? Sarah Howelf, Amelia ' Dixon, Kitty Dixon Lydia: A. Howell" Sarah A. Larsen, teachers; and all the members feel as one with .the officers in doing their duty and in sustaining righteousness ' with sons occasionally, and-- a speech from the Bishop, until 10 o'clock, all feeling first-ratOur Hall was very tastefully decor-- ; ated, by Bro. Hansen, with ' evergreens, a large wreath extending around the Hall, portraits of the, First Presidency, several of the Twelve, our .Bishop, and many others,-lials- - ; - anrSecretary;fMrstMary ThQmas President e -- k- c j- very-enjoyabl- sisters bought the tickets, and under the arrangement of.: our worthy President, our party was conducted, accord iijg to the coun- "sel given in the Deseret ewsommehcirig' ' :at 2 p. m., and at 5 o'clock refreshments were served; we continued our, dancing,; would not boamiss, I will try and say a Jew words about the Grantsville Kelier Society. We meet twice a month,once inthe capacity " of a business or testimony meeting,ahd once for sewing when we quilt or sew forHhe poor.' There are not a great many poor people here, but what there is, we assist and - make comfortable as Jarlas we canIa Jan our uary last, President, Mrs. nunter, pro,p?IM;SiYips hfHLA spiyn?? hen the 'members of the. society-- responded Tto the" call, and the poor were blessed with some of r smd tahi&coveis :bed-srea- p! pa-t- y for the Fair We had a on the 25th uit. It being leap y'car, tlie 1 Thinking a few lingsfrom Grantsville - a 4 I thought I would Co., Idaho, jr March 6, 1876. . send" you a "few items to us as a Relief Society,7 knowpertaining tho interest ing you take in bur welfare. Wo held meeting on the 17th of Oct., 1S75, and the following sisters were nominated as officers: Mrs. Jario M Howell, Presidwit; Mrs. Lucretia M. Marler and Mrs Elizabeth Howell, Counselors; Mrs. Kittie Dixon, Treasurer; Mrs; Jane Smith, Secretary, and Mrs. Martha Rasicot Assist- our.re-organizati- on - Sugar House1 Ward Salt Lake Editor Exponent: " Co. " '' "- v I enclo3e ybu a brief report of a meeting of the Relief society of this ward,1 - held March (1st 187G, at the residence of Mr. Hy- rum P- - Trim. President MrsT Sarah P. son presiding L r t".kr'f Gib- v After singing and prayer the financial re port for the .year: 15 75 Was read.- -. Much good counsel was given, the, sisters all feeling desirous to dp right and use their influence to help build up the Kingdom of God on .. .the earth. ; ' Donations for the 'year 4 875 for. Society Donated for the erection 'of a $18,53. house for the society, $584,20. ,', With kind recrards for the success? of the - . -- -- - . "Exponent. 1 am yoursjaflectionately, Sarah E. : "y Wheeler. 