WOMAN'S BXJONBET. OF THE A HUSBAND PERIOD. . late; Yes, love, jfjpi breakfasting quite But then, you know, It's Sunday, 7 r . A chilly morning out I'm glad yon didnt (Oh, native cuttiogy x ' . 1 : of doorf : , wako toe. taotherivft, :, , Perhaps IJuthavinf . s I shouldn't mind It; i 4 M ' I .. . . .4 '.iiit r ' - to-chi- ; y. ' ' ' THE LANGUAGE, OFfFLOWEKS. f A Itoso LeaH L wilt not trouble you any Slissllaririet Hosmer, ....... m - -IT Balm ojf Gilead,;May you beJiealed.. Basil, I hale you. -1- , - tittle , in the Woman's Pavilion, Philadelphia. Anxij: Louise Carey will $ing at Bpwdo-iand Bates, Commencements, and give concerik at Boston in, July j hftcr, which she will sail again for Europe ;to fulfill an!'en. gagemeht of one year iir StPeteraburg.' t ;" M& Secretary Itobison is said tp.Jje.oae, of the most highly cultivated singers ini Washington. As a young girl T her voice .was one of her chief ; attractions, and dur. ing her married life she has applied herself closely to the cultivation of. thiaaccomplish-inent- . ,' i-- staro'at us when the iwdex 'dh "!the 4iaf - , : dear moved infabey endeared to us by so riiari5 lissocia-tions firmly linked iri 'T: .to-da- y. 'chain of 'the norl recollection. All, all they mustchang'e alonei W who vie t h em vi 1 1 "chaftge, aM as we advanco iurther into jthere "ou are otherF behind to fill mur scenes in a panorama we rut infancy! , glide to pldage. Ten years from: -to- -day we are a crowd r boyi , and grirX!? rthen, where and what will j wo be ?: j iNo hay o and hopes desires.;, Wll we.ever I life places: fro fuimiedtWiil our lives be iailures?f these are, questions wtrieh iatk- rally arise in M: rainds of "tfie.-tli- o ughtqi r:.:::.:;- f Ies worked-throughou- bev1-- andpapers gathering flowers from den of the miD ields of literature transferring to eprich tho- - ly t books rie1 gar-- thorn tothe minds . . r i- : se rrr ' lt Violet WJilfeI arn'innocent 'lulUfc J31UU, x ''water. Cress. free. It iaticcided 7.- - are made up of deceit. Shrub, You shall have justice done you. SiVgeI esteem you highly. Sweet pea, You are very fickle. Ut rji , misijiko to suppose that plants, ,arp unhealhful .ipi plceping apart- the scientific Jkriowledge :". inenb or sittting rooras.-- Of course, if tho n? i13 !f ned for the successful oieration Jlpwers exhale a; strong, imrfumefluch r'as : Uue ft bf life: ; tliat ofituljcroseSj hyacinthaaud "daphnes- -vsli?J? - ' VtiII." iQve.7; Snapdrag6n,1.Y'du FLORAL JUNTS. i ; Rose, White, Silence! Dj not speak of our t: ' " Mignonette, I love you more for not being more handsome, : Nasturtium I love another better; than you. Oleander, Bewaie! I'watch your conduct. Peach iBlossomj I shall never love another 'j ."as much asyouvt sji . ; ff Plum Branch, ! am independent. hsy, Jhinkofme often.H r Jr i Peppermint, High esteem for youj ?ni& Rosebud ; White, I am too young to marry. Rose. Damask, Hovel Tmt am too bashful to It'll e -f- -, His ' t of for literature but studies Whh a different desire oDject,, is to cultivate become thsoilo; agri cultanst and utilize t v,-fAj..- :f A ,1Auy wrought, a mag-- . nificient banner, which is said one of the most handsome specimens of woman's work inthej Cente "It is seven feet in length and five in width and in a variety of shades silk and chenille., hej o9sign selected, of was the Threat seal o thp I tlni ted Sfafes, ' " and is paid to be1 Jan. 20, adopted 176; ' futhfully. reproduced witli.thc needle. to-b- 'mostly of :satr!cal ania?6ro!i3 woris" Swift,', Snioilet, is to be ari author and if he lives x surrounded im-vmen- 't. MarigoldrJeatousyrBe - i His library istbrriposed rnfancyriehinln ' in the interest of moral education-and- L social ejexntion, has established a omcepalj-i- c Pharmacy, and has a large medical pracuot this prove tice in her profession,. ;that woman is .fap.abIep4irJibrming"an amount oft real physical: and mental " hnity witty; and in telligdni: An able Sopamim, writer for obe so' yourig', and fonof more. IriSj You will pleaseanswer this. Juniper or Cedarj I w)U protect you. Lucerne, May you Jive long and bo happy. Lilac, You are my first and only love. ; Morning GloryrLovemer D. -i--- -- - Ivy,"l can only be yodr friend, nothing Mrs. Caroline B. )Vinslo w M. D. of Wash-ingtonrC.vedjit6r of the Alpha, a paper ' ' - '7 were, both formerly of Xa Crosse, Wiscoh- ' HoneysuckleI will haakeyou happy.! -a 7 Hollyhock, you are too sanguine. flr3ppearaacerin oratprhK with : mahejj itlle. Xjtiens, at Boston, Hass. April '.12th, hence wei seethem successesor l o it Liei : iU"; . ,u ' Fernr kni sincere. Geranium Leaf, I am lonely. ,drass, Useful, but not very handsomer Grass Pihk I wish to gain your affectidns." Miss JJlanche Tucker, the Chicago prima donna, who recently made her debut in opera in London; and V3Jiss Clara C. 7iSmartr-wh- V ' : . plate of points to .'tie;lo:pirig' figure bf- " ; : the decennial 'period; ' The&enesof Tho familiar scenea through which w;o have since ? J 4 n and varied'chiog3 will liow themselves in all onrTstifrbikndirjgs- - ;; what a throng of new facts "arid" faces wilt J ' s pluck them. f 3 t- - t-- fe . ;: f;y. ,, Balsam, I am impatient; Blue bell, Don't rjoUier rne. .4rtV' Candytuft, I am indirreht Currant oush, You may kiss m?. Clover, I.wish you mch joy, ; ; 7 Dandelion, You are a fiirt. Daisy, I will share your senttments resist. Dahlia' Your charms I cannot ' will personally superititend the placing of her own statues ' What numerous those tvho choose, to 1 r INTO THE Jf UIZUIIK. work la his library; i WOMAN'S RECORD. bu an?Hisaim he will ' , Why, love, you trust mere se van t & I cannot well conjecture. (She seatf herself ! The storm ha& Now comes my curtain Jcctv: rq.) x youth ofeacXsex live liter.. r::ytr' Here on t r 1 It's falsehood base and Infamous, If you'll excuse my candor. together :r' Maynd, 160. , I left the hall door epep? Who Insinuates that slander? TEN YEARS ; s " ' 4 y : i '. - ejhp-tions- .; ; j ' - . Jpve, I took Dight, to find it I oueT-B- An hour, last " at the club I not a keyV Tniarwaiting-ha- f " sooidyu.f I told ,1 ; : " ;,.;-- meetings Bow eften have ' f butterjj waited You up last night till twelv Of monthly " " J it. Mynnyertiuailutter? All fancy, love- -1 feel superb.--- I should . f . I've eaten very lit tie ? Yes, ; It's nearly time for dinner: This cutlet, too, seems rather flat. - : I . (ThetrutbiasI'ma shaner!)--Abloalahbtlcpk about my fye? .OJ, For that, dear, ; j . v-- vr - ":' .:; , . At thmekwkrJisweaHt.l)--Dark blue is Jutyour color, dear;1 ' ' (Thatcauseatinff i 'T ' "f - Praydonotyfitfo'rgalteriao.t ill ir. stumble up to. bed,. f , Youalvayfloughtto wear V ' She heard me '. j 1 That velvet cloak, dear, by the way , Looks chirmlag with yotfj? erimino . they make the air too odorous to be desirable at night ;f but healthy, growing plants absorb the carbonic acid in the- - atmosphere, and .keep.. it pure and agreeable. JThey- - are, in Jre 'emfaethe IjosF disinfectants that!can ; ''; I ployed. OE pf tlie chief attractions to mate a home really beautiful and refined, and to speak t6 the heart, is by means of flowers; if one cannot have expensive plants, have thqses that are simple and easily tended. Flowers are pleasant to the eye and to the sense, andinspire the most electing There arenlways happy thoughts suggested by, an nissociation with beautiful flowers 1 How pleasant it is when sad, burderied witli grief or sorrow, to find tho peace and satisfaction one may always experience by" walking in th e garden or grovn where the trebs, theshrubs.Mvines, plants, t jieJteiider sprays "and blossoms seem to soothe and cheer and speak a" silent lah guage tlireet to the heart, something thoroughly prccepli Sle Imt yet inexpresssble in 77"" language. Nothing will suit another, but, to. edit a .paper",', to takea stand in' the pranks of the with error and, journalistic army and combat iigh t for the good of t H pli u maja1 aMUkIl IJl Here is one of a poetic riatarej, and has a desire to leave to the vdrW ther gleam ngs: of his imaginatidto reBrib the rougher natures of those wild follow7 him, and :whosej admiring praise and gratitude will' perpetr 'l'!5" 7 uatd his iiarno; ; One has a predileetujii" A)r the dramatic "stage and the name of Hh kspear6 M to.him i gnat and; noble int a synoryra for all r; humatfmature. 7?j vr:, to mind: recall I many others,; spmo. of like tastes and others entirely.. d ififer.en tj but all having some inhereWambttions ideas to, make amark in the world .worthy of ;com r mendation, j , ; l t our us Tambilun that are, hope Boys, let based upon high and intelligent prineiples, that pur( motive arorOQtl,; and that. y,p may have grace to make.' thof most "f(5f ,' QU i i w c. V. 7 T thenii in the a.ccompUsh'raen.( Let's take a start now; aud perse veringly; iaboraud see who is furthest ahead in' his profession ten years from t- - t TndwewloTOrlffprs Deserve our pom fort one day " 1 You're rather early home from churt I hope you likvd.the sernioa ...... ,, 1 7 ; v; t hxu.uo laumui iui ucatu. I resirn your love You are ? Ex. il'fif-tiifii.- - .s 4 It has been discoFered by ?a j French savant that its voltune ,tfor-- rising of .cream r is . quicker, j. : ! j I greater,: the nearer . the temperature is to tbatof freezing water; and that tho yield of butter. !;is greater, and the sldin milk, butter and cheese are all of better quality under like conditfonS. ? j " ? i4i. 