EXP ONE NT. WO MA NJS ' , For the Exponent. There's a Btrain of music floats on the breeze, And its echoes, tbe rhythm of fairies tell, And mlmrllnir with notes of the sighing trees It enchants the soul with'a weird-lik- e spell. And the sweetest visions of long ago Are afloat on the summer breeze again, -- And we pause as we think of time's iwift flow, And we listen to catch the sad refrain. The thoughts that come with that musical strain Bring the past en wrapt In a mystic light And the halo of memory once again, Beams dim o'er our path on a moonlit night Away in the shadowy, hazy past, Ere clouds had darkened the azure skies; Our pulses were quick, and our hearts boat fast, And earth in its beauty , seem'd Paradlee. The tender chords of tbe heart may bestirr'd By a sweet strain of music soft, and low, Repeating the echoes that erst were heard From the depths of the years of long ago. A lingering sweetness of cherish'd hours, 8 weeps through our lives as we journey along. As delicate perfume from fragrant flowers, Or the melody of some long lost song, Which wake In our soul where remembrance stajs, The joys which e'en time can never outlive; And in hours of pleasure, or darkest days A nameless charm does their Influence give. No-tear- ' . . S.I,. City, Sept ay. JVmiAN!SVOI t- - PIFSEY PAPERS, I want a little talk with our girls, and I do not know of a better opportunity than through the columns of the Exponent. I love them all, bless their dear hearts, and the boys too. I love to see them innocent, intelligent and beautiful. They can all be so, yes every ono of them. No matter if nature has not endowed them with laces that are most attractive to the casual observer, they may cultivate sweet tempers and pleasant dispositions, until they will obtain the admiration and respect of all who are assciated with them, and to those who know their true value, their faces will beam witn grace ana Deauty. Sons and ters of Zion you are destined, if you so will it, to fill high places in the worid's honor and esteem A life of usefulness is before you. The foundation is laid whereon you cao rear tho wails of a goodly edifice, and your names may shine forth in the annals of history, brilliant as the sun at noonday. You may be classed with the no- uiesi genius oi me age, ana your names handed down to posterity emblazoned iq letters, brilliant as of gold; or, they may be held up to your fellow countrymen as examples of degradation and shame. It" lies with yourselves to choose your path, and to walkitherein. Let truth, modesty and virtue be your standard, let your lives bo open to investigation, that all your actions may bear the strictest scrutiny without calling .1 blush to your : cheek Then no slain or blemish will rest upon your characters and tho good you strive for will not be thrown back as a mockery. E very woman should guard her virtue as sho would her life, that no tarnish may rest on.her fair fame. It is a duty she owes, not only to herself, but to her friends and to Unborn generations. How ofteq aro parents hearts bowed down and their lives shortened by the reckless and unwi3e course of their children. I often fbink, when I aee some broken-hearted- " mother, mourning over the disgraceful con-- ; duct of her children, how heartless and Jianjenod they must bo to cause so sorrow, If they have no regard formuch, their! pwu honor or welfare, they at least,' migljt, respect the parents who , rearecj them, who would suffer and Jay flown their live? for -- - .. J : , through 7 I know that this Gospel is truex and so do thousands of my sisters, and wo "wish tho phets." "r - , :, world to understand thatWe know it is the; church and kingdom of God. In the above named article the question ia asked, "What will be the situation in Utah on ths death of Brigham Young? The answer by Joseph Smith Jr., is this; "I think there will be nothings-toehol- d tho people together,on Young's demise." I can answer this-quetion according to knowledge and not on a mere i think so; X , kno w that - th l37. is the kingdom of God, and that it will never bo thrown down or given . to another people, but will stand forever; it came not of man or the will of man, but from God our Eternal Father, and it is His cause and His work. Mr. Smith's statement in regard to our leaders and their principles, as well as their actual lives, are altogether false; and it is hard work to read, and riot attempt to refute such imputations. There are many thousands iu coniforta-bl- o homes through tho wiso management of Brigham Young, : and the blessing of. God our Heavenly Father, and I am. one of those. It also says wo aro compelled to pay the tithing. I answer Ihayohwiys paid tithing, but never been compelled to do so, I have done it from my own free will and choice, because I knew it to be a commandment of God, and binding upon His people It also aays that what we terra .Celestial Marriage is a heresy. I r say it is a commandment of God to His people, and the Bible will 'sanction7 mot In in declaration. ' Father Abraham practiced this doctrine, also; Jacob,5 arid God talked with' tlio'ni face to face,,? and to Moses and many others. To the pure all things are pure. V Joseph Smith Jr., calls It immoral arid unclean and says he has fought against1 it;nI am sorry to hear of any ono fighting againstit, for those who will do so will become as dark as midnight, and will lose the Spirit of God, , , ; ;, if they ever had it t ... cause Wo aro witnesses for onr Father's and kingdom, whether the world believe us or not, and our witness will stand against themiat the groat day of accounts;" it will bo a saviour of ,lifeintoJ;fo, arid deatli Tun-t- o death, f tThen O let u bo valiant my. dear sisters in testimony and witness for God and His kingdom: I am.proudof the ExroNET , ; - up as a thing too foul for the companionship of modesty and virtue. Man who is strong in his passions, in hi love and affections, should be strong also in honor and Ho should look on every woman as a ; " solf-eon-tr- ol. af--fectio- ns, r-'-. . - ' words c s, mother o; a sister, and guard her honor as he would her life, with his own if need be. What man .would not strike down the wretch who by violence would harm a defenseless woman. How much more should he be struck downwho Would insinuate himself into her kind feelings, win her and in an unguarded moment, steal from her the honor that is more sacred to her than her life. No words can describe the execration we should feel for such a villain, his life Is not'too mUch to pay the forfeit. But, saysonej does not marriage make a poor pitiful reparation, reparation? ; but not 'restoration. It cannot erase the blemish from her crown of virtue, nor restore to her the happiness and innocence of her maidenhood. - Such marriages aro always incomplete, and often unhappy. V Every man prefers taking to his home a pure and unsullied bride, aud ho will not give' honor to those 'of tarnished name "oven though he himself is. the cause of it. Neither win he give the same respect and con fidence to a'woman whose purity'he knows to be of such doubtful textured Girls, guard your virtue as with a wall of adamant, and do not evn countenance the man. who does not hold virtue sacred, shun him as you would tho viner that li'senkinn-- . ' your heart's blood. Do not let love nlead r his cause; for ho is unworthy , the namo of mucn r love, less the affection of a pure and honorablo woman.- Give heed to the coun- . sel of your friends, and let your language; and manners bo modest and refined. Let all your though ts bo pure - and holy. Oast . aside all books and papers that are calculated to infiuenoo tho emotions in a winner di- L rectidn orcQbUmiuato tho inirid. . Shun ther' vyuiMutg5iiij oi mo TRigar ana, unpnnci to say a few your valuable paper; thoughts suggested by reading an article in the "Sacramento Daily Union;" it is headed 'The two Pro- ; For the Exponent. Ogden CiTV7u29th7lB7C.' I wish , EMILE. 27, J87& pled, allow no undue familiarity in any of your communications, and you will never have cause for repentance them if need bo1 and for their sakes keep themselves pare and"" unUemished.;ij:;For the sisters who love them, and whose pros, pecjts in lifo discretion;1 of: their; own; but through the recklessness and ill conduct of those who should, and do profess to love them. They ; nSt only injure themselves, but they do an . irreparablo wrong to those who are bound to them by the tenderest ties of relationship. Then I would say to my young friends, bo watchful and prayerful lest in some unguarded moment the enemy should take advantage, and a rash act be committed that can never, never be recalled. sorrow, or repentance, no remorse, however deep, can give back to a woman her lost chastity. No atonement can erase the blemish on her fair fame. She brings upon herself a lifetime of agonies, of suffering and repentance. She not only loses her own respect, but she loses the respect, arid outrages tho feelings ofAcrrieuds and kindred, and bequeathes; to her children a legacy of shame. How mst a young man or woman of intelligence and high principles feel to bear the brand of illegitimacy? Who can imagine the agony of outraged feelings, whenthe disgraceful information. comes to thorn as it is apt to do sooner or later. Could they bo olamed if they turned with loathing from the parents they had learned to love and reverence? Thus do misdeeds follow tho perpetrator as long as life continues. And what of the man that could cause all this sorrow and despair? Can he pass without spot or blemish? Not by any means, lie should bo marked for execratiou, held - THE MAGIC OF MUSICAL ECHOES. - 6T . " ..." for this purpose. , , I am your., sister in the Gospel, . . Ellen rrj--- , -- n McKay, : The steel "that has saffere J most 13 the best steel. It has been ia the furnace again and agaio; it has been on the anvil; it has been tight in the jaws of tho Tice; it has felt the ' teeth" of the rasp; it has been ground by emery;' it has been heated and hammered and filed, until it docs not knowitself, and it comes but a b plendid ? knife.'; .'And. if men only knew irirbat arc called their ,,inistortunes,t are God5 best blessings, for theare tho molding-inflqenccwhich givo them gbapdincs? , 4til e4scr " ". fln darability and power, y ; - : s w 