K in..? W aM A N ' S - on the sisters of. the Relief society assisted so nJti& I?P therfileM'jiflbgetM? Programme, which was composed or speeches, songs" and toasts;, a ;sumptaqus ; : oManeiP was given ; about 300 "persons including children sat .down; and in the1' 'evening a dance, which finished the proceedings of the day. 'All went off pleasantly, joy and glad- ness beamed upon every countenance. throughout the tiay. There were quite a number of emigrants just arrived, and they wereTcordially invif drwith strangers from other" settlements. " Am6rig?the speeches of our brethren there were two missionaries who had just: returned from Switzerland w)o spoke. They remarked, they had just returned from a mission and looked upon - - their brethren and sisters Iri :Zi04 irnd cbmL pared them") and their circumstances with the condition of the Saints, there it was a Vast contrast; the Saints here could enjoy life and bo happy and ;comfortabIe, thero was nqtWng jb'ere )to prevent them from livinth&r rellgto; but'ln the world it was difii;renf; 'the "Sntrrare poor and have to work hard from morning tijl night, and get hardly anything; and if those that are all the time complaining and finding fault with, everybody and every things could Be taken back there it would do them good." The exponent is very much appreciated by those that fake it here, and if more would subscribo for it, it would bo a to thero,. because it contains articles that are calculated in themselves to cause us to reflect ariti meditate upon ourconditions us jsisters and as mothers in Zion. There is many an article that brings joy and peace to those that read it, and I consider for,myself that it is one of the very best papers that wo sisters can subscribe for, it is very good to have other papers In our houses (I mean those that are good, or are edited by our brethren) but for me,in my leisure moments of reflection, give me the Exponent; there I can find something to peruse suited to my condition; some sister's letter wherein she gives her experience of life in this church, or her testimony on some certain principle, Which give pew Impulses to do good.r; great-benefi- E XBO N ENT t Hoping that you will receive encourage nient in pbur laborsdn editing a paper so useful among the Latter-da- y Saints, . I remain Your Sister, Ac. Eiui,Y Madison. 7 47 silver, is a piece of very coarse a very great1 difference live wftetiyoaraxe atono1 ariT the way you live when you1 have friends under your roof, Is surely a very direct way of injurinono's t, of casting an unpleasant reflection on one's tasteqvvri personal standard Tho second essential of the Meal visit : and visiting is, that the host not the guest, set the limit of the visit.. Thero is so false, a notion in this country on. this point that it almost seems a3 if it .must spring out of a national lack of directness and sincerity. Everybody knows when ho asks a friend to his house, how long he wants him to stay. There iay be fifty reasons combining to make him very glad .of a visit three; days long, and very much inconvenienced by one longer. Honest people ought to find no difficulty in saying this and honest people take no offense at hearing it. This does away , with ajl possibility 0f misconstrue tion.on either side, with all uncertainties as to welcome; with all fears of intrusion. A third essential of ideal visits and visiting i3 that there be on the part of the host no strained effort to entertain of amuse the guest, on the part of the guest, no expectation to ba amused or entertained. Simply to meet for the interchange' of good will and croMality, Jhe usual current of life go- iiig on undisturbed, the habits of the family remaining unchanged that is the true social visit. The man who knows how to "drop in" of an evening draw his chair up to your hearth as if it were his own, and fall iHto the usual evening routine of the household as if he were a member of it how welcome he always is! Tho man who comes to stay uuder your roof for a season, and who without being intrusive or familiar, makes your feel that he is at "home" wijh;you,iand is content fu his usual fash, ion of. occupation how delightful a guest he is! And the houses ah, how few of them! into which one can go for a day or a week, and feel sure that the family routine ;is itx no wise altered, tho family; com. fort inno ViseHesened, but2 on the contrary increased by his presence what joy it is to cross their threshold ! What good harbors-of refuge they aro to weary wanderers! in these Jhen the world mends its ways ' regards, wh en' theso essentials are fulfill ed , the lost i art of conversation , will revive; hospitality will be worthy of Its name; and householding and housekeeping become, as theyjought to be, the greatest pleasure a man can have. H. H. in the Independant. stupid-itiahd'to-ma- ewheyoli anxiously, to doctors after "Tell 'ratf the worst 'gentlemen; am I going to die?" "Doctor: W are divided on that question 'hat 'there J majori- Patient, ke 1 : There are three essentials which must be understood and acted on before visits and of the visiting will over' fulfill the-ideto to .. be and pleasure they ought give. must be for done First, nothing parade or show. i No matter , fcowj'rich a man .may be, If he sets otfhis' dinner table one' thing, either to bo eaten or looked at simply for show, it is a 'challenge and offenso. Of bourse, nobddjOs sojabsurd as to maintain that the rich must make dinners of herbs because the pooiLcannot afford stalled oxen. A very feast of good things, both for the without eyeandihq palate, can any attempt at7 or.suggestlorf - of micro parade, mero displays There are plenty of ,ways in which a .man may advertise his .weaUhlfheUikesj wth9at ihg it iritis To or" It do even seem hospitality. there, lo dot there ls tho , very essence of reafanhospitaliiyjj Waioid by .every jpos$iblerdevice and by the utmost tact; the bare suggestiontKat 4no guest. is the recipient of and riot conferrerof favors, is the first principle,, of . entertainment. To ask a rian to your house and treat him as If ho were; inspector of wines or tax gatherer .Onegbaxd ! bo-set-o- ut 5 , vul-garityya- nd Omelet: t 41. ;t .j tea-spoo- nful ! -- i - 'To Extract Ink StaioslintitK turpentine, lettiug it remain everalburft ''tten' nib it between-thH1 cretai " hAndi, an 'taV ini ble away without iojinog eUherthe color or the texture of tke article. "': ,v : e 1 Furniture Polish; One of the simplest and beat; get a bottle and fill witkequal parts of boiled linseed oiL and kerosene oil mix: and apply with' a flannel and rub r dry with a second flannel. , It wiU rempTe all scratches and marks "Jby hrulging. pestroy the ragsafter uj?p; jrxrataneously! f , Aflc psrienced house-keeprerommends this ppiiah, hating used it herself for yCarS. Cook and Hqusekeeper.-good cook is not the one who uses tlie most and and'richest' ingre- -' r dienfs, regardless of the' expense; but she . rwho studies economy and is able7 to concoct "a idelic- -' ions meal from scanty material& To be J a "saccess-f- ul housekeeper, a woman requires as much aystcnV and tact as she would-tcarry on any other- - bdsU ' . er . . . T -- o nYGlEto I; NOTES. tpe, i Pothrgiif sayi sons struct by hghten'mg a'ref not; Ulwaysf'dead ' when they appear to be so. Therp "ire tew fe-- 1 d to recoyeries from-i- t, becattso no means He sufferer the store bclieyes that cold effusions to the body has a decide! action in such cases. The free use of cpld . water under these i circam-stanccannot ha any one, j and Iil.onl.nl!oc-- ; casional rccorcry took place , , .it , would be . well ,. worth tho pams bestowed i f- ? , Lightning' Strokesr-JW- 1 1 are-trie- es r Artificial Cooling 'Of the Herald of Health? ooblirig that '.which flies. high, lies Tow, : has no feet '&ndge t' wears shoes ? Dust- - '. The woman of work sweeps everything beforo ' her, while the" womah of fashion may be said, to swejp lovery thing behind ' RwirMr Martin; -- ia suigeiii a.;pIaavforth of WmiWhich, it is affirmed, works ,ad -- eonfihed to mirablyesjpccialJy, foE kad their bed or room Open thtf wiridowi-'wld- e: licl-'person- 1 s ban wet ddtKf befortf ihoml'.tneatfcf :iaidt vaporizes absorbs the? caloric and lowers i 'thaleia : pemtnw of 'the' apartment iby 64fetiddegreesIr fhile theThumidity WUchs'ifihTas 'wader thd heat much' mOre siptable.""'Byrkdoptmr thU plan eren in 'the heightV 6t sumnler,' yott inay; a ireshened1 atrndsphera," nildc8 to thai : ! ' WnATarelour young men doing? (Answer.) tt Trying to lead a five" pound exist: ence on a, two pound 8alary. tiz r i vBbaGs recently invested in a box of cigars. He calfsUhenrticits;td; a course of lectures to bo given by his wife. re-ali- xe - -- Brown1 Perplexed. Mrs. Brown tells her husband not to sit in his shirt sleeves or he will catch cold. How can a man sit x ?in his shirtsleeves? " her appre. PARTiNGTONlBxpresses Mrs. he'psion that the people oC the gold regions will, bleed to death, as tho papers are con ., stantly. annonhcing ,thy opening of another vem; If HOUSEHOLD HINTS. ch .vSviiAT Js 1 object ftccomptlshea by tho To four well beaten eggs add'one corn-stardissolved- - in half teacup of milk, one tablepoonful sugary a' tittle: .salt and ' pepper, fry as an vwehU ' Lemon Cream Pie';-6- ac 'cup sugar;1 one raw potato grated; one1 :cup water,1 ' one '' leiu6nfsrlte; ' and juice added, balced in pastry topVnd bdttohi;1 -; " This quantity is sufficient lor one pie n'! : PEN , AND SCISSORS. - ofy6uVllvin7:;n : -- her.:: '1 and Persian languages for the Latin and Gretk classics at Oxford for tho benefit of Hindoo students and candidates for tho In. diaa ClYil Service. - i ; a ;, : -- ; n: visit of tho Prince of Wales to India' will bo the 'substitution of the Sanscrit, Arabian -- , con-sulUtlo- ty of one in favor self-respec- -- VISITING. ,4 SrlureTaili'after' titonSK ivir .usual, .remediasj ;r LiTer, CmplaiaisjTIha. etc... --a art but,, : not tbesd,, uo 4ron. . quinioe, r liquors, .more harm than igwarr.On.imrrtantaten saccessful treabnent "6t liver amplawtsouldVbe to find out its cause; therajajOFta great,. Tanety. of. caascSj bttf airumg themra iw gating, 'Bleeping tnXjij&vtjiffifjiji or mpre tbVdo wi ittli 'W-cure',.Woull are tanlicted could rappl7 i557 as would .'be eminently kcalth-giTis- v 'l'mtEoarofr Arsons'-'that' selves.-tuc- h W-Vtbos- e ' 