and others and realize that solitude is best,5 J but in a general way, speech is the life of society, and a d elightful means' of cohveyv ing happiness and instruction. A silent- - THE GOLDEN SIDE. - ' many ft rest on the road of life, If nly would stop to take it; And many a tone from the better land, If the querulous heart1 would wake it. To the sunny sout that full of hope. And whose beautiful trust ne'er faltethi The ffraai is f reen ftnheqwers arobrif ht, ThouyfijSe wintry storm preraileth. ; ; Better to hope, tfiouf h tho clouds bans; low, And to keep the eyes still lifted; T For the. sweet blue sky will soon peep through, When the ominous clouds are rifted. There was nerer a ntfht without a day, Nor an eveninr without a morniny;. And the darkest hour, the proverb foes, Is the hour before the dawning. Ther Is xro i i j f i 1 i 1 1 ! 1 person has no charm for me, and I am sus- picious of them, as I have often discovered that such an one is taking items , of tho words and actions of others, and hereafter can freely criticize, perhaps satirize the speakers of the company. Tho rbest rfeekE; ing is soon produced in a party where all contribute; and I think there is a propriety and good sense in the follo wing lines which a friend wrote on the of my album: . . ; fly-le- af s. i i t t It is astonishing how mind acts . : 4 f : Hannah T Kixc : WOMAN'S RECORD. d! : :a;. Christina and Isabella, are. lobbying" ior tho payment of heavy claims on tho national treasury,- - Ex, u ; A work of tho late Madame George Sands entitled Dialogues Philosophiques' is about to be publishfed shortlyas a review Ex-Quee- -- Shf i ken famy. There Snt,humancrave silence in arob the the mo; ourselves ; n : public are likely to know something, more of this celebrated author from a new volume just published by Messrs E. Moxon & Cor It contains the biography and autobi- ography of 'Elizabeth Evans, the alleged original of Binah Morris in "Adam Bede.f The bdokf is entitled "George Eliott in It has 'upon the title page the rnarnWDf Guy Roslynand GeorgeBennett Der-ibyshi- re. - ; contains" a letter from Georgo Elliot concerning her characters, in Adam Smith,-and- - Bode." V 1 ; o- -' jspeakirigrof men; asking men for work Teiriarks. that" " "if they ' do they will L'get what they - have 1'irid" men do - not want to always do themsdlvert.n MissJ iaithfuPis one of got---t- he tho 'most earnest aud sincere advocate of Woman's Ricrhts, andIs' underiiablv nracti- jcal in all her Ideas of the woman question. Alcolt, tho very famous writer for : SPLINTERS. GENERAL. Samuel C. Xswis, who manufactured the, - flrkhiftf frnn in thft TTfiiffld edihaCentennial Exhibition T Sfntsi visit- - T.Mrv Pay-s- on, theGoverririierit astronomer of Madras, has his children christened with the names of the chief celestial bodies ho discovers ......Mr. an4:Hrs. 'Fleetwood of Texas, held a convention aud. nominated Mr. Fleetwood for President and Mrs. Fleetwood for Vice President... ;Th6Caniillo trio trbupo are eiriftiet'dd f o nerforrri In San Francisco dnrinor Novettiber,. Tho admissions to tho Exposition keep up the usual ratio ......Thc":Greck ' Congress wiU discuss tho Easterrrquestidn when the king gets home. , , Cen-tenrii- aj' PERSONAL. Edwin Adams'is said to be dying in Aus- tralia.. . .'. .Miss. Wald man, 60 successful as Aida;is about; to quit tho lyric "stage and marry an, ItaliaA'Poun t . .. . .Mr. Bayard Taylor is tho Newi ;York. correspondent of, the "CiricmqiMti Commercial,,......The Kirig:of ejgWWi aopui io csiapjisii a peuai coiuuy andinstitutionjip South Africa.,.....;AbduI hn enthusiastic HamidViirisrspokeri of t Mahomctahr0ut of !his i uii: h'tl sympathies le seem' to i)6 In 1uriufance..r.;.Henry Jerome Rerthl, tho rrench piaplst and com. poser J Is. deatf..... Barry Sullivan is playing Richard1 III at tho Brury Lane Theatre, ;T. Grace and ; Miss Emily Btlthfu a4tKheav1en thnat sriU ns by iM. Renan." vun'spe-- - us; :and,we , a celestial lawiunbro. fthf 0'ecp tDrn more particularly to ; ; -- vcu Harper's Nteraw ornoa.. No story for years, has called forth as much discussidri and attention among educated and cultivated people. The book has just . - 1 mia inn OtmftanhAM 1iw eucn a spot, and aDd emfortd t . . For the young, I would recommend this motto, "Be merry and wise." These littlewords contain an epitome of wisdom. Speech, is one of the greatest .to man and woman; it is the mark ofgifts Divinity; no other creature hA3 the gift of a audible speech. AH creation but. it is with a silent eloquence; speaks, true have their tones, like a musical they when the chords are struck soundinstrument, most beautiful and harmonious, as the feathered tribe, some deep and rsonorous, as the lion the bloodhound, and cattle of. inferior kind, and in a less pleasing degree; but all natural sounds aro .harmonious, and' Scripture says, "There are many voices and none are without signification," Wo can fancy trees and flowers have a. voice, but it is the language of a book; arid on their leaves are the words,--GoHeaven j And by their sweet perfumo they' mak, pelves tangible to us; who that has tralkSi thrill with gratitude to Our Father en lor the beautiful and deliciousin heavthings He has prepared and organized for His he taste, the smell, "P011.7 rwr ear I - W upon, - tion. un,tu net tnii-respec- io e. r niT ii. ' the-intrins- thA AVAnt. rsf IHa mnnfh-i- ; This is a theme wo should do" well to 8tudy1:for whenL we .consider the millions of words we utter that are vain .and frivolous, sometimes even. wicked, it makes, us irem-ble when we remember that the Lord say?, "out of our mouth shall wo be Judged j" arid how large a number of this people have covenanted in holy not to use places, vain, light or wicked language; words of good sense ought ever to flow from tho Hps of the saints. Not that we should always speak in a serious or sombre manner, for the best instruction may be conveyed in a cheerful, easy and often mirthful conversa- '.J , just . . folksf,Tws just Jublihed lfn'ew volume" "Silver PitchersV' and ""Independenco," a Centennial love story. . ;The volume con: iaina nlna fiknkt n4A.!Xn U '1U Y.iL .much comment and considerable criticism from the literary world. "Silver Pitcher" is a lemperance laie anu. contains a moral. Miss Alcott's writings possess merit of imparting a contagious happiness. And in are valuable for they contain no objectionable arguments or doctrine. She looks upon life as wholesomely as a child, and lciives no morbid impression r upon the youthful mindf ly, "Daniel Derorida," is said to have been mind, and spirit upon spirit, and, I ' ha vo . seen some that the moment they enter an assembly, and begin to speak, the .whole com pany .seem to arise to a, higher degree of intelligence and happiness. Byj the aid of speech we hayelhe power, , to convey instiuctto and consolation, arid do a Svorld of good;, if we pervert this God-lik- e gift we can. ex! cite driver, digusti revenge sbrrowy spair arid1 rnisery. When we meet in 'social of every one parties it shoulolM-tliejdut- y to consider for a moment WHY we meet;ni : and what good will arise from the meefingp ana determine mat .we - will try and gay--All something that will benefit some-onhayetalents, all posse.83 knowledge on some points that perhaps others: have not 'acquire ed. Foolish jestiug and frivolous talking ia not, becoming to any woman or young girl in company. ..,.'. We should be in our best spirits, our brightest Intellects, and. tho vehicle of theseT . should caU.orth our best manners; our cares snouiu oe ieu out oi tne circle always, xne . . social party is for' reunion recreatiori, and a a reclprocatiori of thoughts arid sentiment?, . and an interchange of talents, abilities and ' , ' the sweet atnenitles of life, nd wo retirer' ; ' irom such va; circle refreshed arid .invigora ' ; ted in body dnd rriind When tho Head of a House is the Constellation of that Orbit we find order and intelligence throughout, and all are made u happy for the time being, the cael being1 naturally given arid takeu r frotn eueh a sourceand spreads like a: subtile perfume throughout the assembly, and it is no hackx iU neyed phrase or unmeaning assertion : when we say, yes, ' from Our hearty ii ti: good for us to be here.: Brydctt' saysY ' 'Speech is tho moving "of thd8dul:it 1 spreads1 i ts beauteous images' abroad iwh Ich ; else lio furled in the clouded mihd.l'ii - s : For the ExroaaxT. little lastnewrStoryjFrwhich j hasQEQBaEEliott's been concluded in Month, ; . SPEECH, r "You may look in this albumlmt karn ere yoo took - That aliare requested to add to the: bookr i t: " Tou may quiz as you ptease, but the penalty ls That you also leave something for others to qui." There is many a g em in the path of. life, Which we pass in our idle pleasure, That is richer far than the Jeweled crown, Or the miser's hoarded treasure; It may be the lore of a little child, Or a mother's prayer to Heaven, Or only a begf ar"s f ratef ul thanks. Tor a cup of waUr iltenT""" Better to weave in the web of life A bright and roWeu filling-- , . And to do God's will with a ready heart, And hands that are twif t and willing , i Than to snap the delicate sjlyer threads lives Of Our curious asunder, And then Ileav'n blame for the tangled ends, And sit to grieve and wonder. -- Ex. s I ! he iriory are inseparably joined- that; gets the one may'bo certain of the othiBr.--.;;.- ' r- : -: The bestestimato the population of the American; nation at tho beginning of Its first, century,, jwas 2,750,000. It has' ; of . now 44,(575,000. The area of county has been extended from .800,000, to 603,844 square; mlfes.1 'Manufactures have advanced in val-u- o from 20,000,000, to 4,200,000,000. "There are only, three . nations which surpass the United States in extent of surface; the British, Chinese and Russian Empires. , . 