Paris, Bilvr IJake Co., Jan. 9th, 76. " Dear Exponent: . I don't know as I scarcely dare enter my- LETTERS. . Bosque Co. Texas, Dec. 14,1 875. N Antif sisters; of the "Retrenchment Association and Eelicf Society, 1 feel there is you my dear slstcrsfor my long silence; but I have been so busy; visit- Sins-innnmcrous" relatives and friends,: who received mo with open arms "and welcome greetings that I could not get time to ; write such a letter as I wished; 'giving you a short history of my travels rand tlie Wel- 1 come reception I havCmetIth" ampiiff jny. kindred.; Can yon imagine six grown brothers who had not seen a "sister for t went v ryears gat h eringrboud me iis thouglr t hey couiu taite mo by pieces from my aged mother who had the best right, and claimed that.er.; house waio"; lo"?myKonic;: and I must be the visitorof those tl who leirsofblesra 70 a sister visit them? I imvo ' rejoiced exceed ingly to find that my mother and brothers have deTehded Ihe princFpleTQnhlBTCr6eTI"! although they have been absent from the church for twenty, years, and had ho missionaries among them ; yet thty have not dcnied4lie fkith7:Jf . ;Mother says' tell the President thatl she v hopes he will not forsake her if she has him. Mr. East ajid Greer preached last Sunday to a very attentive congregation. Xfter- wards a gentleman aiose and ealled for more ' evidence that Joseph Smith was a Prophet; ' so 1 was tholfourth witness as my brother Thomas also testified to what Elders East and Greer had said. I will relate a few - rt . : car-brbth- -- ers- ; . ; 1 .;:-':r--, . . the Gospel of the Son of God J said (able, neither is life a is not a romance, therefore it is of the greatest importance that we seek "to know of the doctrine whether it be of God of manj'l this is our privilege, I know for myself that God has revealed Himself from the heavens in this dispensation; the testimony I have received, God gave mein answer to prayer. The holy g host was ucucvera ana it iu is promised to them nowuucifuiiy, if they believe and are baptized; and I am a witness that the signs;ollpw. the fpeople called Latter. Day &iinls.: God has made me a witness by giving mo the gift of the holy onosri This is how I know that Joseph Smith is a Prophet of God, and that those men . who have addressed you are sent of God commissioned with authority to baptize you,and lay hands upon you, that you may receive ; the f vnn hnnnatlir AmIt w. r, HOLY GHOST; "7 f W mwm-vmv4a iv . . , know the truth this is your privilege. : Tho that called . for gentleman ' . more . . .evidence, ,., J.l nuiu- - my lusumony strucK inm.iie placed- saiuat was pene;,juauiiuu uu .iiw nearianu ' - trated., . l . .' - . -- : . f , their-childre- . ; - 7 -- pos-itions.- of ; ; " - ? a. The ladies gathered around after meeting to know concerning polygamy, but God was. with nie, and His spirit gave mo answers. I told them they need not be troubled .for if they did not repent they would not , i Wo a husband at all; if they should die to- , tuey; would not be worthy of tho marriage Relation alter death' should part them If meir nusoanus cua not embrace tho gospel, they would not be worthy of one wife in the J futuro state. ;j The marrying for "eta ruity seemed to remove the big pill that was choking them, : and they were anxious to hear mo ro that eternal union of the sexes. jyu uiuas you my aear sisien, ana uod bless Uis servants that build up His kingdom is ray prayer. " . con-"cerni- . self on your list of correspondents. Yet when I read the Exponent and the many Interesting and instructive pieces written by the sisters, I think sometimes, why cannot I write something that would perhaps bo the means of improving my own mind,, of usefulness. if not of much interest to any, one else? I I fear I have already extended this commufirmlyj belie vo the more persons exercise fruit-Athe capacities of their minds the mpre nication beyond the limits of your patience, but really the subject is so interesting, and they will become. Every; faculty of conto nature into ; be has one's of so much importance to our well being brought stant exercise, if they wish to improve the that I scarcely know where to break off. r talents which the Lord has given them. "Praying that your interesting paper will Some Mvea bet ter talent "Ibrnvriting and "continue to grow and increase in circulation and influence until.it shall become an actual exercising their ideas properly, than others; Is as one the talent just but the person with necessity; in every household in TJtah r - -1 am as ever much in duty bound to., improve it, asj the urster in th Gospel one jftuh ten talents otherwiserthet)ne:tai ent will be taken away and given to tlie one that already hath ten and imnroved them. I" XJvnQihatthe sisters in thisjchu : r :i mission f o fulfill:1 and i fllthniiirh If i n I)eabExpoent: o" ' very limited sphere of usefulness some have I thought I would like to ,write afew of to wort in; sun u tnoy are laithmi in their my thoughts for my you ng sisters of tah. calling their influence will be felt, and thoir We are now living In a day and dispensa' opportunities for doing good will correstion when we can find plenty to occupy us. '." pondingly increase. I think we ought to store our tninds with There Is one subject which has been treatsomething that is good and useful. There ed ujon in your valuable paper which has Is a great work for us to do before the com- a greatly Interested me, subject which ing ot Christ; und we are the chosen ones; .should interest every mother in Israel, to do this work. Therefore it behoves us ofr that as daughters of Zion to pray to our Father namely bringing up children; aright The responsibility is great upon mothers to in Heaven to guide our steps aright, that n instruct and bring up we may bo worthy, to set an example for propfor is "As the twig bent the tree is erly, the world, and show them that we are not inclined." Mothers snould set an example what they represent us to be. (Wei should before their children worthy pf imitation; resist evil temptations, and live so as to for upon them in a great measure depends help those who are surrounded with evil the future prosperity and advancement of Influences. ,.: Wo should notcorn those who the church and kingdom of God. What a are beneath us in station, for we are all God's mission women to for great children. lie loves those who love Hini and ' perform. How fey realize their duties as they should, to keep His commandments whether they bo thoroughly train the faculties and disposirich or poor.4 ; We should attend biir meettions of children, to: teach them to control ings regularly and learn all we ean; for we their passions, and cultivate and encourage will need all the knowledge that we can oband noble naof their every good faculty tain. Let us show to the world that wTe can ture, and at1 the" fame time striving to excel them in all good works, and in every eradicate and root out everything that has respect and under all circumstances, be ,an evil tendency, that they may grow up truly ladies although wo aro Mormons , and ' useful members of society.: : . the world despise us. Let u pray to, .God The daughters of Zion, should grow up to help us, and may He bless Usill is, the with a proper understanding of the Various i .fr.terit prayer at all times of a young sister. duties required of them in the diflerent Youra with love, - k n j v: ; life in which they may bo placed, Miss R. J. Matthews. whether. Gs daughters, wives or: mothers; Sanfaquin, Jan. 10th, ISlO.Arfilling every sphere in a manner which shall redound with honor to themselves and shed a bright lustre upon the heads, of their, parents. Sons have still more important plaTiie term "grass widow" is said to be a ces to fill in the kingdom of God. To bo corruption of the term "Grace widow," the taught to fulfill all the duties required of lormer. expression' being merely a kirtor-isrthem, requires the exercise of great wisdom "Grace widow" is the term applied and care on the part of the parents. Thro wn to one Who becomes a widow by grace of as it were from the Immediate control of ' lavor, not r of necessi ty, as by: death, origi parents, more than daughters, they are nated Jn the early ages of European jivili-.zatiomore liable to learn bad habits, and coarso when divorces were granted but wicked language and be led into improprieseldom,, and wholly by iho Catholic Church. ties of almost every kind. Great 'caution .When such a decree was granted to a w and wisdom should be used to gsard them man, the Papal rescript stated, "Viduea de against evil influences, to teach them to love gratia," which interpreted is ''widow of that which is good, and to avoid every-grace.?' In the law of the French ir would which an has evil .thing tendency, that when read, 'Veuve dc grace,1' or "grace widow," their fathers are called away from this raor. "veuve" being translated as "widow'Ex. tal sphere, they may step ferward into their : footsteps, and bear oflf the kingdom and as-- . sistin finishing tho work which their fathers commenced. After our subtlest analysis of the What a great arid noble work is before us; tal proct;S3, wo must still say 'our highest there Is not a moment to lose. Every mothoughts and our best deeds are; given to us. ment shtuld be improved In learning someAnd dp we not through this acknowledge thing that is useful. In Improving our rapid thought and noble impnlses to bo inminds by reading useful book?, or convert -- '; an apology due ing witb those whoso knowledge is greater than ours; picking up 'the little : gems of thought which are scattered about in sii ch rich profusion fIf .. we really wisli; to become useful and intelligent members of the church and kingdom of God seeking to bring our minds and. wills, in subjection to Him, Who rules onhigh; then we will be the. better prepared to extend bur' spheres ng -- n, V ' - . , " spiration?' 