For the Exros OUR NATIVE LAND. Let gifted poets sfngr of land3 All bathed In tropic splendor Where Nature's oversowing hands Uttaskedf her hoards surrender; Of radiant mornings, fervid noons, And ronreous eves, declining; Of Jilghta fllumed by silver moon3 0ef placid waters shining. Of sunlight on the laden vine, Of spicy breezes blowing; Of flg and olive, blushing wine, And tropio Flora glowing: Of bleody deeds, by voice of fame Rung through tno sounding ages; Where, fired by mad ambition's Uarae, Jmn in red war eugages, WtSre few, elate In stony pride, Enslave the toiling many; Where pallid want walks side by side With overflowing plenty; Where noble men are those whose names Are crowued with titles sounding, Regardless whether holy aims Are in their souls abounding. My song shall celebrate the west Safamed in song and story Where freedom's eagle plumes his crest To win new heights of glory; Where kingly mountains rear their heads, Their sndwy chaplets wearing-Bri-ght streams run down their rocky beds, A rich abundance bearing .. x -- Here Industry, a regnant queen, Has subjects brave and loyal;- Here, far and near, their works arc seen In aspect truly royal. wheels, Her lightning tongues, her steam-spe- d to reared Iler temples learning, Her busy marts,'her fertile fields, Her tireless spindles turning. Her villages that gem tho plain, Her furnaces, red glowing, Her stately ships that skim the main, Miss Kellogg will sing at tho commencement of Bowdoin College, Aug. 2,' and will receive in remuneration $500, freeof all expenses. Mrs. Scott Siddons, now in New South Wales, wrote to a friend in San Francisco, that a remarkably handsome Fiji Islander took a very great .fancy to her, and wanted to buy her of Mr. Scott Siddons, offering in exchange six bunches of bananas. Miss Anna Dickenson has just completed another new play. She has taken for her plot and ground work the fortune of a Jewess in different countries England, France, Germany, Russia and tho United States. It is said to possess merit and Is particularly noticeable for tho strength with which the principal characters are drawn. Miss Dickenson intends playing the Jewess. Mrs. Agnes Abbott Houghton delivered an oration in Bath, Maine, on May 30th, at the occasion of decorating tho soldiers' graves. Sho is tho wife of a Universalis t minister. Miss Alison, who lui3 charge of tho Woman's Pavilion at the Centennial Exhibition at Philadelphia, speaks of the occupation of running engines as a regular business for women, as less tedious than almost any of tho usual vocations adopted J by them : she says an engine requires far less attention than any woman gives daily toil child. She herself from a child was very fond ot 9 machinery, nor do we think this an excep- tional case j there aro many women who delight in mechanism, and who have skill and tact in that direction if they would cultivate it; but thinking it out of woman's sphere, confine themselves to work wholly distasteful and unadapted to them. Queen Victoria, It is said, crosses the Dee at this season almost daily. She uses an open carriage, a wagonette or low pony phaeton. No fuss attends heron these occasions; an outrider a little in advanco of the carriage clears the road, and she passes on quietly) nodding and smiling, to those who chance to meet her. The Queen and her ladies frequently picnic in the woods, or m the hillside. Materials to make a firej and cooking utensils, are taken in the carriage; tea made on the greensward and handed round in rustic fashion without any ceremony. Tho Queen's seat is often on the stump of a tree, or any other casual -- ? Obedience is a principle which we should learn to observe, for without iiwo can never be happy in this world, nor in the world to come. Think what an immense amount of es' By noble sons and daughters; Who dwell her rugged hills among. And by her rushing waters; Who poured their patriotic blood To rear her Constitrulon, Which guards the lovely sisterhood Of states which form the nation. Here each who will may rise above Humanities dread level! In deeds of moral worth and love ; forthe formation of another park. A FEW THOUGHTS ON OBEDIENCE. Forever coming, going, These are the jewels In the crown TIfir nnhlft hmw adorning; Her songs of peace shall ever drown War-bugldreadful warning. This land is praised in ringing song , rstage presents a more jnqble and engaging spectacle Ono from which a moral can be deduced and a lesson learned, by all who know how-t-o observe, reason and reflect. To such, the rude carpets and paintings the colored and gilded canvas and pasteboard, become the paraphernalia of the V t world in miniature. The shifting scenes, living events, tho actors in costume beings such as we might appear in different ages of the world, The whole, a mirror where tho varied passions and actions of. ourselves are reflected back to us from tho faces and forms of1 the devotees of "Thespis." Remarkable coincidences of stage incident and everyday lilo often occur, and we not infrequently witness a feature in a drama that startles us with its similarity to circumstances immediately around us. Who can say that the scenes of love, duty, virtue, madness, misery, and death, when enacted by persons of genius on the stage, are not faithful copies of incidents which come under our daily observation? In this lies tho great benefit conferred by the stago and its relations; for even aa Hamlet used the play as the thing "wherein to catch tho conscience of the king" so can we by faithful observation and study, school our own natures, relinquish our vanities and follies, despise Vice and resist its temptations, promote but virtues, and copy tho examples of good Which are thus forced upon our notice by this reflective medium this' mirror of life in all its phases. TnEsns. - . The noblest spirits reveU No chains of birth can.fetter souls Whoso wings are formed for soaring; Each sovereign will his life controls, Without chill fear before him. Then Heaven bless this happy land! The youngest of the nations Where native Worth's own stainless hand Adjusts our proper stations. The past behind us glows with light, The future's smiles are cheering, Free man's whole horizen is bright, And woman's sky Is clearing. of land at Small Heath, valued at $150,000 To the eye of tho intelligent auditor the -- Lu Dalton. For the Extoxxnt. THE STAGE. Among the many prevailing modes of" education with which the present age is familiar, there fs none which exercises greater control overthe attention and of the student than the draffiaticsympathies stage. It is not merely a platform of boards. with appurtenances of pasteboard and gilt. It is not an idle show to' attract people, for tho purpose of spending timo and money foolishly. , It is not erected, as somo think, to sustain the. weight of clowns who make others foolishly happy by; making themselves foob 1 ishly miserablefar from It. ' . ' confusion would be the result where obedience did not exist. Without it . wo would have no spring, summer, autumn or winter upon which wo could depend, for if tho earth did not obey the law of God which He has given, its movements could not be relied upon, and with all the planets which fill the heavens with such glory. By this principle of obedience order is maintained throughout the universe, amid all the crea-- ; an alone, of all the tionsof our God. creations of our Father, exhibits disobedience and Jails to observe the laws which his Creator has given unto him. From the beginning of this Church until the present, the men and women who have been obedient to the counsel of God's servants have always been:the most favored. Our heavenly Father requires something more of us than to be merely obedient to a commandment when He gives it to us. Ho desires us to strive to do good of, ourselves, without waiting to bo commanded to. do so. When, we look around and see. who the men are in this Church who have been m6st blessed, they are those who have been the most obedient, who , have striven with tho greatest zeal to 'do 'good, and every ono in this Church should 'make It his or her chief delight to be obedicnt,artd should anxious- -' My engage in every good work possible; for the powor is in us if we live for it, for thero are great promises made to ' those who arc obedient. Annie Reeve3. Centreville, Davis Co. WOMAN'S RECORD. Miss Ily land, who lately, presented tho town of Birmingham, 'England, with tho Cannon Hill Park, has just given foxty acres it -- ' - . . that is convenient." resting-plac- o Stanton, Miss B- - B. Anthony" and Mrs. M.J Gage have opened parlors at 1431 Chesludt Sr., Phil;, as their announce during the Centennial. They 1 a grand Mass Meeting for the 9th and 20th of July, those days being ha twenty-eight- h anniversary of one of the first . Woman's Rights Conventions ever held. Mrs. Julia Sumner. Hastings, a sister of the lato Charles SUmner, and the last surviving member of his direct family, died at --WhitoRanehrMarin CarCaL, onJiIonday, May 29th, 1870. Miss Minnie Hauck, a young lady singer, has attained the position of a highly distinguished artist within a few years.) During her tour on tho continent of Europe sho was a great favorite, especially in Ger . , many and Hungary. . Mrs. E. C. head-quarte- rs , - . )7 Wiiicii letter in tho alDbabet is tho most useful to a deaf lady?- hear. - A; it wiU make her 