s s 1 t , Vol. ) SAIT LAKE ClTYf TJTAHy 5,; ; ' 'i ' Working from day today; ' feut this to toy' plan wherever Hti't ' t : To brighten the lonely way r ; ::. . ; whore me look around I they.stand. r: ; The weary and &d and mieekt ; iiJ ' tlmlle ani bffep."frienxllyhand,'': And these are the words I speak: r is better to work than teidleixv . r - As it's better to live than to die; , , To sustain one's self and thus be fret;, . . And its better fo laugh than" to cry" I have a heart that la full of lover i . .: , - 1 -- , : newspapers-?- . - .JFox.tifi&jCTrw - -- . . .: Whs can every comfort Jring; So attention to this rreat truth I call, , ' , And this is the song I sing: , "r '.. ; It is better to work than to idle bej: J "" r 8 it's better to live than to die; To trust In God and His mercies see, ' And it's better ta laugh than to .cry.' ;' I of ten think aa the world mewwori And we trample and crowd and shove , That a world like this, full n lovliness, ; '. ; Should be , much. fuller of lovc.iH, We all admit that it must be so, V When God shall ail things restore; L A nd this great, beautiful truth I know, n ;. And I tore to keep telliug it o'er: to better to work than to idle be. As it's better to live than to die! To help each other arid all agree, And It's better to langhthari to cry.' i ; I'monly a wpmin bearing apart,!- rj. In the world's great, busy throng; , . Yet I may comfort some sadder heart, By the sound of my cheery song: 'It is better to work than to Hie be,Ai it's better to' live than! tbaie; To assist the Lord In Hl3 wise dooree, - - '' 'i; s ; j i 1. 1 th'icastri' how cah bmah?'" :i- - ; ; :;; And it's better to laugh than to cry.?' , ; ; , , ' The roRTl' Fourth , . " - the (results' Jn'A-'- h STANDING. 7 v ij .. Weights the fact "At the,;Wginnirigof a in- -' hplo coirimahify'Bhould'ibb-a4d tnon. ' AVoman .to-rrieasure- s esipw b;a power. where conciliated. But if you conciliate them, why. nof enlighten :tnem?ri And of allv1node3 of enlightenment, the best is that which isr t61e fonnd to 116 in ' some ac- -. tual participation In thejrarsuit. : Tilid is recognizecT,ln someegree by the ' --iaost.consen'ative..vThody; of political Economy is Iptrpauqed ilntp.f IJighf JSchools" r .and Academies for : both Qes. .The, most onseryati ve at)th.pjrUie3a ;recomnien ; that 1 Nordhors olitlQsior yoqngAmerjLcftns"i ' ' e -- otis' I '' ! 'J ..;...f ilAJienfifttnrafW tenderjed,,ihed7aadJ ojUtho .QQ'nanBtick3 Haymarket .Theatre, jLpndqn, itcambff on rx;elcJbrated : . the 8th of JuneTtrSTl!? h19 9UoY .wa3 the play chpsenevery character, even to the gqej3ts,nieing;Vtoe ; by !iirst "class characters, jn fact tho. elite" of- - the stage came forward to honor their old friend; th result wns tmef-tho-mowonderful - per- - j - st iormance eyer;nown,yTh .jiet-jprofit- s of r.that; single :perfoTmancGramountedvto the n Jarge Rumof twelve hpri'pbundsV,; f troops under QeherafCiister as requiring or justifying any departure from the pacific policy; inaugurated', by the President of tho United States They believe this event, on the contrary, to have been the' result of an on the, part of our.troops.te occupy " attempt a i!teriritbry mrnierlceded ; tb the .foce' by ' Ihonans and already long occupied by them : arid they would 'respectfully request ' tho Government tp either complete the, purchase of the disfjutf 'Tefr Indians its peaceable possess! bV ,'1 . ; r - i3bCKSTONB,S j3ENEIjiI'r AlDitUliYLANE J. H : i J n'l; TlIE AT REj LONDON - pro-.pds- rd ."Resolved That the jfriendsof peace should spare no pains, to: iCQritributo to the civilization of the India;:,tribes on our frontiers Land : esewherer.that schools and . missions, should Abb r;largely :: established amopg Ahem;andi that thejrchUdren should L bo; so; trained andjodueated as to ecpme Stated: to participate lb; the rights and duties of ir;'.) ";i;ri ,.:.A as . . ' wore? adopted 1 HEx; standing.A t- - "esblYe'd,lTnaEthis Convention' donbt regard the Iafb unnappy massacre of IT.' & : Presidential campaign, this 'consideration presses tmore ad' ' moro "upon us. very manishei; or professes" to wi'sh that fithe .?r,cj" ivjKotfy by Jiilia Ward Howe. ?misohder-- 4 ing we shall best get Tid of their ' '" ) W.; every; kcfvab'ce Vlnatffjn increases the :A wing; resolutions ' Watfmlls tMbstiir Dr. Arnold said,' thirty yoarsr 'ago: lt is vin vain to say that;qae nnd politics are a1velh'6'htf(i6fi5nding'bf the jxwrer classes: they are 'nbt'abov'thoir YinisiunderstafidinE:," This "Is theirresiiblo fact in regrd to . Stofflett1 and.j)olitfc3; arid . j . fol-I- w : .' .ir ; s&nce,;oppbsing it lest wbriaen should pro Ve too' radicaland" free' thlnkefi le$& they 'should rp.ve too'11 conservative. BUt ?bfivall; these matters'. as if;1k7 tKev'aro iiSlcaFor conservativeV as It ; is. ; proportion as they ilve:a recognized t position, they differ, as it is. .What w'd claim :isthat just 10 proportion as the'Tiave 'a recognized bbf trainedif)r th'at' posiposition; they : tion, and by edu(!atihg: their' understand! 'Jr.:.. . - .. '!,:. At TnE Universal Peace jGonvention, (an international fathering) held rtn Philadelphia' arly in this . present month, ths d r NOT ABOVE THEIR MISUNDER JtSs : -- - cisemenlij brtnorddx CHristian1, for pro- - de-cjsion, puolip matters 'is plain from the divided "fears of " those ! who; oppoe their';erifran. ' ..' ences of .ppinipnupon ilieV b have been particularly tiar wwkdjaring this session to como to any" satisfactory and; where hastd or dispal'cli are used at the ciose of a session in disposing of vexed questions ruinous consequences anrnspally 'them-"sejyes- y ' on j Congress has . tracted ite session ,very considerably owing probably to the great y&iiety of questions before the house and lne mjiny. wide ir$J to nVary "among 'atoljien almbsfas much' arin'enpinf6piniofts , - na, ; - i ; enter-4fise?in;Chi- . pithy-question- ; . ' - narrow guage system with British capital. Tnla opens a new! field for American; uriaoubtedly they will' soon a establish vastrailroad system. 1 k - ' has-be- en g, of-St- ate 'It railroad; m.j China first for traffic lino it is intended taextend it to Woo-sunfive miles farther. It is biiilton the n : .'I Kan-gwa- nj ; : w - y Tho opened is,jpnly five miles long, connecting Shanghai and principles. The principles of; civilization itself, the rights of different races and, rebind-in- g ligions under our goVernment--th- e forcenf treatiestheiprincipla rights as against centralized .power are all dnvolved in them. Nay, a- few short steps take one back to the theory of the Federalist, that the few wise and good should govern the many or tho other theory involved in Jefferson's , ltlt Js- said that man cannot be trusted, to governlitm-self- j can he then be trusted to govern another? 4iArid between these' two thiire is a great guif fixed, 6f inheritance"; ;t6niperance 'arid habit ; .and; if 'mancVrinp'l:; yet tbridge . There's plenty of wrk for us all , myfrferids, ' And blessings that all may earn;' - ' If we'll hold to the plan, wherever can," To offer a 'kindly turn.') i.b: ;. ' -- Sydney-Rigdon'snamori- is The has pointed out, almost; equallyTmiportxint . to know.. . - i.' "And each of these; questions moreover, will be taken up and! followed out, by. clear heads among both sexes, to 1 Its, ultimate ) t;; " ; the-eom-nio- - Book ot Mormon. gumentative value, butf Unrepresentative value is enormous. If' H does' not exhibit common sense it exhibits, at least nonsensea thing. Which is, as Helps And would brace them up whJfo they drink life's clip, So bitter, though oft so just. ' But I know that the Lord is over all, u lEWS. NOTESf, AND Eastern t these questions are daily discussed at a hundred thousand breakfast tablesV arid in most of these discussions women talre their part. WhaJJhey say may Jiave much or little ar- F , JTT . v most pressing? The Chinese question, the Indian war, the Hamburg massacre. ' 'All ! - papers announce the death of Sydney Rigdon at' Friendship Alleghany County, New York, July 14. Ho was: born in-Alfeghariy County, Pennsylvania,; 4n liOa, and waS'about 83.;years of agoi.at his death. familiar Latter-dali e h e called wit peopl Saints, Tin connection- - with the early history of .the church; It'is said.that he was unwavering in his testimotjy concerning the. troth ofthf ? what questions do wo find i -- - No. 6. .. ; ::generaiinstrUdn It - r1: I5J 1876. AUGTTCT ious youth. Mr. Wells writes: "Robinson Craesoer's Honey'bthat all may read.-- Why is all this,. if not that the understanding of the whole people may be reached, and their misunderstanding corrected?, j And since women will have opinions and will influence, votes, why riot1 include' them Irt' the ' in tne.eoM; proud yvorW, "! , shouIcTbe widely clreulateU among ingen- For the Exponent. IT'S BETTER TO IiAtfGH THAN TO I am only a f irl ,;.' : ! j J j hTrAmeneiinitiztmship,! c nResblved'That every effort should be made by thelGdverhment f the' United 1 Slates and: the friends'of peace iri'America, rtb itrdQco the Indfari tribes devoted tohuttt-i-n g o Support th em3eives by "agriculthn?, ;and to stddf the arts' and appliances Of "civ--v IliiedlifeVsibco the teridencv of their nr6s-ifeinbde'oTrIife-is't- o eicito,tfeefr passions 'wh'lctf cruelty, "while the J4enUeney"bf 'agricultural1 pursuits is peace. lb' lo i HUH fill And hnrhaMtAAtr.Z-'EXJl 'T -- -- ! : nt leati-'tbv'deed's''f- of . - . .. 0 . 9 ' 