to work out our'salvation Tho world knor that there is something the matter, but going to they do not know that the Lord isand some set up his kingdom on tho earth, Saints do not realize it; of the Latter-da- y he thought the sisters had done exceedingly well, as money is very scarce in this part. Brothers Swenson, Hardy and Christiansen gave good instruction to the young sisters; they ought to be very careful in their choice of husbands, or they may be carried The meeting of the Senior and Junior Retrenchment Association, held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturmost interesting day, July 8th, was of a character. Counselor Mrs. Zina D. Young Mrs. presided in the absence of President D. Counselor Mrs. Zina M. I. Home. KimYoung and Counselor Mrs. Sarah ,M. ball; Mrs. Prcsinda Kimball, Mrs. E. S, Barney and Mrs. Dunkinson each addressed the meeting for a few minutes in succession, also Mrs. Mary, S. Clark of Farmington. The subj ccts.wcro home industry, the silk wo" away from the right path. Our Society was organized January, 18G8. Donations in all to January, I87G : culture, the spirit of the present day, man's work, &c Some other sisters bore their testimony. The sisters seem alive-- in the ;thing3 pertaining to the kingdom OfA ' To -- ' God- - . ; t , : ' - . Gunnison, June 7, Editor Fxponent Total:........ Besides owning shares' in the Our Belief Society is in a very prosperous condition. There is a good, genial, united JMadsen. . Co., ; following 'officers r Mlsi Thurza Smith; President.' . Henrietta Smith, tt Merinda Ifompr, Counselors. Stena Rasmusen, u Lizzie Godfrey, If Mary A. Homer. Secre tary. Mrs. Martba'Griffin, Treasurer. wcro all unanimously ac- These oflicexs ' ... ccpted. G t' Sister rover then made a few excellent .remarks,;. Benediction by 'Sister Keep. ' : . - . - Mary ' '; - - , A. Homer, . Secretary. MoRONiSANrETE Co., May 29, 1870. ExroNENT: Epitqr --Wo held a meeting on tho 28th of April, in connection with the Retrenchment Society. .Our Bishop and Counselors attended , ourv meeting and gave good instruction. rBishbp. Bradley said that we had a great work to do and a yery short timo allotted us -- Jane S. Coleman, Secretary. G, 187G. IvANOSii - They expressed their happiness at meeting with the sisters, and finding everything so pleasing; said they knew Mrs. Hytie to be well worthy of our best affections. President Orson Hydo was present; he enjoyed himself well and gave some good instructions, and was well pleased with the society; encouraged us to go ahead, and referred to tho. way ; government; was working," that robbery and fraud were increasing in nearly .all ranks of. society, until an honest man scarcely knew where to go to find peace and safety. Bishop Olsen was also present; ho spoke and encouraged tho sisters much and blessed them for their noble efforts. Wo feel sure that truth will yet prevail, for tho Lord has said it would, and it cannot fail whether wo Editor Exponent: Citv, May 28, 1$76. We are not a very large community, but as we read so many encouraging letters in tho Exponent, it seems to inspire us to emerge from our obscurity and "let our light shine." Our Relief Society is small, compared with many, but there is a good spirit among tho sisters, and ail seem to assist in pushing forward this willing work. Wo hold meetings once glorious every fortnight, working meetings and testimony meetings alternately, and although we seem to progress 'slowly, yet I tryst ' :" surely. Our President, Sister Adelie Kimball, is very zealous aad persevering, and we all like her very miich. It cheers, usto read so many encouraging letters in Hhe Exponent, from the different settlements, and itis clearly evident that a good spirit is manifesting itself among our sisters in their different fields of labor, and that all are striving to assist in building up the kingdom of God, which kingdom is to be established, nevermore to be thrown . down. Praying that the blessing of God may attend the earnest endeavors orall who strive to live their religion; believe me to remain Yoar sister in tho Gospel, V- Apex aide TrppErrj ' Secretary. pro-vaili- ng : : . - . - : nt some poor and, old people who need attention, and we have some very good teachers who strive to ;dq. their best in looking after the needy. Our President, Mrsl'M. A. P. Hyde; is striving to her utmost, never ceasing, for the benefit and advancement of the good work in which she is engaged. We had a party on the fifth, it being Sister Hyde's birthday; the teachers thought they would make a dinner for her. There were quito av number gathered, and all enjoyed themselves well. Sisters V7 areham, Casoc, and. Cristaffersen were present from Manti. young people somo very interesting" and instructive counsel. The Jtetrenfchment Asspclation "was then ' organized iwith the G, 1870. funds in the hands of tho Treasurer ing to $322. 97. Wo are makli g prepara-a tions to build a house for a store, and Bishop large room attached for meetings.- - encour-agmeall the sisters the Bo.skelly gives in his power, and I believe we shall be able to accomplish the object contemplated, namely, a good house for the use of the society. Yours in the Gospel, Wo held our annual meeting May 4th, it being eight years einco our society was organized. Our yearly report.plainly showed that the poor were not neglected; we have 'at some length,' giving the Co., We held our Annual meeting May 12 th, which was well attended, the sisters feeling well and much interested In the welfare of the Society. The Treasurer's report was read and the financial account was found to be in a prosperous condition; wc have disbursed during the past year $97. 68 in helping the poor, educating children, assisting now Emigration and temple funds; having amount- ""ryfr the reports of the different Societies we take great pit&wuio. They plainly show the good efforts of the sisters in almost every city or town 6 the saints. Ours is a quiet little place, almost shut out from the world, and yet we enjoy the Spirit of tho Lord. T- " spoko Editor Exponent . Spring CitV, June Editor Exponent: Association. : Meeting opened by singing and prayer. PresiScnt.Mary Griffin and Counselor Ann ; Co-o-p. P. E. Benson, Secretary. Juno 835. 04 Insti- Jane Bailey. Juno (, 1876. Minutes of a meeting held by the President, Counselors and Teachers of thti Clark-8to- n Relief Society, for tho purposo of organizing' a Young Ladies' Retrenchment ' Smith Yours truly, Smitiifield, Cache Wo are thankful that, we hear the words, through a prophet, of salvation, exaltation and eternal life. Jesus has said, "I am the Good Shepherd, I know my sheep; arranger they will not follow, but will flee from him." It is our earnest desire to oppose, every evil influence that comes in contact with the Holy Priesthood of God, and show by our walk and conduct that we have received from our Father in heaven that HolySpirit that will guide us 1 into all truth. With an earnest desire for the success of the Exponent, I rerriain Yours trulv, vwo Clabkston, Cache I remain $165. 24 480. 00 laiier-daywor- k. feeling among the members. The sisters exappointed to visit as teachers bring in our cellent reports from their wards at monthly meetings, of good feelings and a general tendency to improve among a large majority of the sisters. Our President, Sister Sarah Copley, is a Latter-da- y Saint, full of integrity; her example and teachings cannot fail to have a good effect upon those that are preparing themselves for the great events ' with which the future is fraught." Our Y. L. R. A. Is making steady, though The question perhaps slow, progress. given at each meeting, to be answered in-at the next, is answered by the girls very throwing a good deal of true telligently, Into our meetings. ..intprast are graauany Our good girls yt their excess of bashfulness and lack of confidence, substituting intelligence and truo worth. Your sister in the Gospel, - good efforts, Our meetings are well attended, we take great interest in them; we meet every two weeks and bear, our testimony oi tne : IIelena selves that we do not fall, but that we provo faithful to the last, ahd "put off all worldly our vanity and foolish pVide, and to do sucHeavenly Father's will, that, we may cessfully invoke His blessings on us, and not provoke His wrath. Wishing your paper, the best success and the blessings of God to attend you in your 65. 00 . ... ' 125.40 help tho missionaries..... tution. 187G. . To Emigration-...- . To the Poor,.. To tho Temple............ stand "true and firm or not; but Lhdpa jwe .MlL8tt..b"eaWe;,tostand the great , day of proving, which has como and is coming every day, and it is for us to watch our Vanderbilt University,, at Nashville, has. received another gift from Tennessee, ' Commodore; Vanderbilt , j of 500,0001" The sunvtotat given by him to that ' institution ; 5is 1J v i j : $1,000,000. Op the 1 G University Races, Harvard won' 0, Yale 3, .and other colleges' 4. ; ' ' h&t 