W 0 M A N 'S EX PON ENT. 42 i R. 8. REPORTS. .... r The Senior and Junior JRetrenchment Meeting held In the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturday, Aug. 7th, was one of general instruction and good feeling, Counselor Zina D. Young presiding: meeting opened "with, the usual exercises and reading of minutes by the young lady sec. retaries; considerable improvement is manl. fest from time to time In the reports from the societies, any person who attends these meetipg can readily perceive the spiritual culture that Is gaining ground in the organizations formed to promote spiritual devel opment of the young Mrs. ;Zina D. Young spoke of the testimony the faces of the being-prese- nt regubrought toiher-bthat they were larly afethese meetings, seeking after light and knowledge from on high. Mrs. J. Howe, Comv E. Howard, Mrs. M. R. Thompson, Mrs. P. Kimball and other sisters spoke of obeying counsel, f raining and educating the young, home manufacture and other subjects of interest. Editor Fxionent " " " " ; 9 till June 14th'. Disbursed tp the needy 21st,"1876y $ 20 16 12 r In Treasury............ Martha Eckersley, Martha Woodward, Lucy Haslam, Annie Leavitt, Mary tt - -- A;YPritciiett? Pres. T. C. AVERY, Sec. KaYsviilk, July 10, 1876. ; Editor ' ' The , Xoung..LadIes Retrenchment Association, of, Kays viUe.wos organized May 16, 1876; by Bister Eliza 'RSnbiw: 'officers as .,y follows; Exponent.- - , 7 . ' T vMrsAda Viniams,Tresident, ; 4V .:v " Maggie Allred, Miss Helen Hyde, j - Counselors. " ' Matilda Eebert i 1 -- Sarah !Ann Webb, Martha Tiaymond; Mary Ann l4iy ton,' Secretary, - Mrs.' CelinaPhillips.iAsslstant Secretary, Miss Eli&belkWilliams, Treasurer. - Seventy va young ladies were admited : -: as members of the Society.' Our meetings are well attended, and all seem to tak&ai ntefeinSlho; J . ... Marti ra Our President, Sister Prit-cheexhortett the sisters to be united, said she was pleased with what they had done id so sh6rt a time. Wo have a great mission to perform in helpiig to. build up the kingdom of God, and it is for us to be up and doing. Several other sisters spoke, and all seemed to enjoy tho spirit of 'the " Lord. DismlsseOy Bro, Sanderson. op and others. ' J, Owens, Mrs. Martha A. Murray, Secretary, Miss Euphamia Nibley, Treasurer We meet regularly, and speak of the things pertaining to the work in which we are engaged. Our President is an am table young lady, who is trying together v. with herWunselorsTto honor her callings We have forty 8even membeis. We have taken a vote to refrain fromround dancing; from- - the Expowe read - selections nent at every meeting and gain much therefrom. Wishing the paper success, and all institutions of improvement, I remain your Sister Ac, welfare of the, Association, , iiebayoan j energetic president who is ..fast; gaining the love and .respect of the jyoung sisters.. She is taking rmeasures to , estAWiali Homo Industries, according to the - counsel of. Sister Snow... At "the organiza- tion.oj' the; society, ;Sistera Eliza :R. Snow Aud Rachel Orant gavo ;us some excellent r, -- j A. Murray, Sec'y. South Cottonwood, July 11th, 187G. rii Spirited remarka.wcre made by our Bish- ; : ion WGcbrgeemp 1 July 11, 1876. in-struct- To Salt Lake Temple........... M. r Retrenchment Association with the following officers: Miss Mary E. Maughan, President, 1C, 187C. By request of our president, Mrs. Mary A. Pritchett, I send you the Eighth Annual-report of Fairview Relief Society The Society convened in the meeting house on the 14th ot June, 1876. Opened by singing prayer by Bishop Tucker. Report read by. the Secretary, as follows: From Jan, 4 Layton, Sec'y. 1 Editor, Exponent; ' A. Oh the 17th day of June, 1876, the young ladiesiof 3Vellsville were organized, into a ; V Helen Hyde, ... y- -- This is my first attempt to write for the Exponent and I do not expect to give any one instruction or counsel, but I feel it my duty to contribute my mite with the rest of my sisters, and I know that if we strive to do right and ask our Heavenly ln our endeavFather to bless aud aid-- s fro will sol I do not ors to do good He havo tho same charico to improve my mind and feast my soul that, some of my sisters have who live in the midst of the Saints, and do not have the outside influences to contend with that those living out here do. But we can learn taSo right andiiotfbllow after the ways of the outside ;orId; Ve have a Sunday SchpbJ, and it. is In a prosperous condition. We have no young. ladies association, because there are but very few families and they are; living quite a distance apart. Swearing and drinking is getting to be quite a habit with some of the young people in thisJ "vicinity, most people know that it is wrong and' should refrain from it. I am very glad to hear that round dancing is being put down among our young people. Boyg and girlsr refrain from using bad language; refined people do not like to associate with: .youug, ladies wh use slang ph rases, and young men .who wi 11 swear,they feel ashamed ;to be seen in their company, they,are, shuned, and, respected by none. - If we are acquainted with iiny of this type, let us talk kindly to them, show them how wrong it. la and try rtb persuade them to better regulate their conversation and their actions. - v We should honor and obey our parents and teachers, and do our best to keep the commandments of God Jn every particular. How well we feel when, we know that we have done right, and how miserable when conscious of having; done wrong. There are many young men anji' boys who think It is a credit to them to smoke, .but on the contrary, it is a disgraee It is a very bad tla'ints are counselhabit and the Latter-da- y to refrain from It.1 f?06 ; what ii right, ed let the consequence follow,' when we, do this we are often, ridiculed by our: companions, but if the spirit of God isr in our hearts, and we knowve are pleasing Him, we do not care for their taunts and sneers. Let us shun all aviL companions, and seek the company of those who can improve us. I am not in the habit of giving counsel, but I feel It my duty tojipeak1 about these bad habits, having noticed many f of the evils which, arise from th'em. .We should strive Wellsville, Cache Co., sia-te- ra Fairview, June Mary f ; Wo have been ' rather negligent in forwarding our report. Our society is in a very prosperous condition and we are trying to do all the good we can. Wft held our Annual Meeting on. the 8th of June, there was a full attendance. Bishop Joseph Rawlins and several of the teachers were present and gave us some very, good instructions. They we re well satisfied, and pleased w ith tho progress we had made, . and the way in which wo conduct our meetings, encouraged. us to sustain all Home Manufactures and striyo to be selsustaining in all things. Many interesting recdarks were made on very important .subjects, but take up too much space to make . would mention of them. , The report of tho Society from its organization in May 1 7, : 1868, until May 17th, 1876. Disbursements as follows: : -- ; -- 18 60 . -1- Gw)d3..V.f....'.....;:i.;........; Mulberry trees valued at;,.... Cash invested in the fcop : a tore,, 2- 25- ; ? . ;tolnajpbyjabf;i to do ourduty.' ; ' - ' We. all have faults, some; more' than pth. ers, butby constant prayerana.waich'iguard over pur anions, we .will in' timpvercome themfi. We musriove all mankind,', and keep the ..golden rule if we'evef "expect to have a crown in the kinerdom of Him who is Omnipotent." ' Ve should "pray constantly to Hm who. keepa fii ram ,day to- - Cash disbursed............... $1,323 98 Cash to Emigration Fund 325 00 Goods to Lamanites and St. G eorge Temple. .............. 88 65 Goods disbursed to poor. ........ 397 91 486 56 Total goods disbursed ..... . M ... . , - S3 fromfevil, is my prayer in! ilier halne'bf Je- - 59 75 100 00 I remain ? 92 26 your, Sister, :i "i ' tc ':; XA.'MixwEL3i ; : Little Spring YaUey, Key. Janet Caiioon, Prest, Ann E. Labrun, Sec. I? ' ; Instructions and ad vice,.:which. we - think will r leave a lasting impression on - the minds of all who were present We gave a concert on the fourth of July, ? Editor Exponent: Produce.. r Editor Exponentj " " VOICE. WOMAN assisted bv "a number of the youncr men. from which we realized forty-tw- o dollars, which will be used for the establishment of F Home Industry. Tho Exponent is read with interest in our meeting With best wishes for the advancement of every good work, we remain your sisters, A country paper in describing the burning of a bnildlng, mentions the rescue "by way of a wlndow.of the servant girl fifteen feet in height." 'tj9 TlIE following' AdvfirHtnflnf. IfltAW A tv peared In a Liverpool paper: ."Wanted, by a young man of refined musical tastes, a position as gon:inlaw in a quiets WelUo-d' - familyv-Addres- s -- .Hd o i Ar.oK' 