THE - WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - naw - n vssv anna . -- Y J EMHEMXE B. WELLS. i '. Pablished ' trmsrOggPy-tr-OtHPP- ' . f' Editors. Jn Salt Lake y, City, Utah. of nine. AdTertising 1.00. Ten copies rates: : Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one lime $2.00; per, month, $3.00. A liberal discount to forthe-pric- I N O T J j, Ezrponent (Mcevtcorner tf JSouthMtplei" inirst ; , stieets7opposlte Eagle Gate? Business hours from 10 lst a.m. to 5 V day except SJrindayi " s? : - wiU onTnesday. Oct.th, at bf held The Forty-Sixt- h . TiiuRSpAY Evening,' Sept, 21, a Bishop's etingwag eld in the Council House, build- which; time the house "was dedicated for the use ofv the Priesthood. Elder John 'valortpTered.the dedicatory, prayer. 4 jniV ; ' Wwo witfrd our paper is small and' we thbugnt if suffi- ... ciently understood; had. any change been - made our agents and tho pubjic.would havo , .i been apprised of i it. -- 1 i-- TrfMnJlMEsrDwy.Br :torrjneriEattopu;r-'- " chase a 'new and liberal stocfe of books and holiday goods;Tand to 'attend the great Book ' Fair at JNew Yorkon tne 25tn of Oct. Lake Theatre will "ppen n the 5 th f1i : T r " herstplay prestid board beyTrough by ayllght" And Mr. Jim Ward anu suss VYfuneua iioniague wiurpiay me ' THE POWER OF MAMMON. I.:, t" I -- w. That money is the ruling power of. the ago, has become proverbial.7 No matter bow supe- - ) rior one may bo in morals; , on attainments,' in innate generosity of mind, or chivalry of char- acter, custom will not exempt' im fronr bow- i : ing on the altar of MammonV . 1 In this age of professed culture ' and refine- - r went, when all the accumulated ruclltlop of j the ages of the past has cOnbentratea itself in- to ene grand avalanche of . knowledge ' and showered Itself in rich profusion to' grace the , crowning erajarworldly men andomenoufdof charac- ses3 more strength of principle ter, than to yield to this aEeinatipg, ing influence of the pfcwer pf gold.'- li is a ' b- iq.the.-cultivatio- . j j I ; , T : : ' ':. .' , n . recom-'Hmen?dl- . . - Countyj havingiyen good satisfaction and been remunerated financially, quite equal to their expectations. . Utah MusicIl Times. We have received tho seventh number of this new magazine. The editorial f ;Vocal; Music in Schools," we would recommend specially tp the notice of all 'and education of 'interested the young,, It also contains two very ' swr et pieceaiDf original: music, one, composed, by Prof. Careless ana tne otner,en titled "Prayer," ' by his wife. ' As a 'home paper, which contains Items of general interest, we take pleasure in tne bgaeh Junction," whicli thas now eniered upon its fifth volump: as a local paper, tho citizens of Ogden and vicinity, have every reason to be proud of it. 1 1 contains a yas.t amountof real humor, and ia this feature it is particularly characteristic of the editor. ; ; - la ' t . ; i : j ! ,4 Eo-man- baneful deterioration ,to$ pelety, Reading ta all ' sorts of stratagems and expediences to keej up appearances that are false and shallow; ; The majority of people sliaye not the courage to live within . .their actual resources, be-- : cause If tbey do, those whose companionship t tliey are desirous of retaining wil ''cut' them. And for such flimsy reasons: they ignore all. true pride of character, and become .virtually slaves in bondage to custom,. or to the tyrant I money. They must ' maintain - their : position and keep up a certain style and at whose 'ex- - j pense? In many instances 'not their own."' Where Is the change to ' begin,1 the great ' Ve- formatlcmV howwlli1- 1V! cpmtrience? 'Blm-- 1 plicity lni dress,4 in the lstyle'of living that Is, of eating, diinklng, visiting,' giving entertain-ment- s in order to come down' to seme' solid basis is highly necessary, or sooner, or later the final crash which all are trying to avoid by shifting the burden frornoheV shoulder to an- -' ' others will be inevitable. Otherwise it would seem necessary for every perapn; to come into r ' U possefslorl of a gold mine in order to live up to the style of this fast age- -l ;j I . i To listen only for a few minutfcs to. the con-- 1 Xversation, of what is termed business men, One - cannot but draw1 the cdnclujion ; that 'money has actually become the motif pbwer.th&t de-termlnes the genuine value of every f thing on .' s earth. .. :.lr : vnvT0 . J all-absor- - ;.Tiie;j AsiATiiuu Dramatic Company who have tflpen playing'f or the benefit of Mrs. Pratt; have Succeeded, well in Utah S , 1 e - ; , . upon-th- . ng i . . v;tvTnEMEErrNfcts; conventions etc, which' are being held in the interest of the coming election, have been se far well attended, and good order and quiet have been the rule. The elec-- ; tion of a Delegate to Congress to represent the ' interests oif the people of tJtah, is an' imrwrt-an- t subject, and thepeople, men and women, who hold the right' of franchise should be prompt In exercising it to secure such a caudi-- . date a3 shall be qualified in all respects to pro ' mote, the best Interests of the community! IORTiiAND, Salt Lake, and South Pass rail-- ; road company, reorganized from the Portland,'1 Dallea land Salt ILake railroad company, in- tend commencing to grade the road as eoon as 'cUh location Is completed to Malad city; There lsalarge'Cdrpsbf engineers In the field Suryey- -' ;ing';andl leafing1 the linelThey; intend to r complete the portion' of thVfbad to Malad city ..and have It In running; order by the 1st1 of WP& Pmah? ha charge : .'u.Wl at- Semi-Annu- al in a most wonderful manner in establishing ; s 1 Conference is now very near; this, people have been blest 2 HQMiTAEFAm We would say to our agents and subscrib- crs that; our terms to clubs are ihosamp-aheretofore, no change having: iteen made; 11 home-industr- y. oeloek, p. m., in the Council House. 1876.- - VJ increased interest, andTpro ment of this branch of . f: iuctEqiu m oci I'uuui io made, and instructibris given, as shall awaken E. ,f p.mTerery I all trasiness communications to ; rubUshcre WpifisVElTONEIT,1 : Salt Lake City, Utah. SALT LAKE CITY. ObTi 1, C uiuoo t uv A, meeting of all the officers of the Belief ..'Societies and .as many others as wish to attend ! - A ddress tend this meeting and such arrangemeu's be ; e islaradire !?; k - slxtaonthfl, y of the company's business and is forwarding iuc wort wim grcasnKpaituf 'The Deseret Silk Association will riot hold any meeting until .sometime during the coming conference, and then due public hdtice will be given. It is expected that there will be a from great many of the brethren an lin iheountry .the jclty then, and inat all -" , semi-monthl- What capi tal. pan a man possess to ensure ;idrtrniariant standing inf modertf-wjieiy- at: a without Tmoriey? Honesty ;is apparently '.iseountwljl ?t brains' j pr mind avail .hlin? .,Kptkunles3 ne ; can ;,make practical use ' of percentage in : them whick wUl .y.eUd a heavy hard coim One would .aimpst doubt whether a co?rfcssaLrnin.d would even calMorth admira-- i tionunleas backed by a colossal fortune. themselves here in these vallies.' This present year there has been a bountiful harvest in many. parts of tho Territory, and assuredly should the people with one accord give praise and' thanksgiving, to God whose hand has been stretched but continually in their behalf. Theie will be-i-n all probability one of the largest conferences ever assembled together in Utah; It adds very much to the enjoyment of anv meetiner andmore esT3efclalivisit "necea-- . sary where there is a multitudinous assemblage, to observe tlie laws of order and deor 'um. People can scarcely be too particular in thls'respect. in what way best to and Intemperance . v t i il. i i si. i i 1 iu : ing considerably "agitated in this community at the present timeV It is certainly one of the most important matters which can bo treated U ponan d requires therutmost thou lion ana wisaom in passing oruuaaDces or regulations. It i3 one of the greatest evils with which the world is con tarn mated and leads to more crime than anything else in the whole catalogue of vices. Every person who has eves to see may be aware of the creat change in this city in a very few years, in the growth of this terrible sin; and it is decidedly time that some efficient measures were taken to prevent further increase of and. profit from the degrading traffic in this community. , It is sincerely, to be hoped for thejbest interests of all, and (specially the young and innocent, whose future itds. the duty of the people to carefully consider, that such measures maybe Alrtntd as nhall smnpssfiillv hindor the sale nf ardent spirits, except for medicinal purposes. God speed the time when every saloon here, or elsewhere-- shall be closed forever. Tills subject should be kept before the people until some can be unitedly deterpermanent movement ' ' v y. ' ';' mined upon1 m 1 , , -- - " - : County, belil in the bowery at tiogapj Sep, 24, 1876, 'was in its complete success 'most.'enpouraging, not only to those who had been instrumental in bringing about the gratifying result, but to all persons Interested lii the lutura wel fare and progress of theyoutlij prtheTerritpry. The jBunday Scbool,is one of the most efficient .educators of.ehildr'en. The , congregation, ij is OOQ children, and believed, consisted of pver about two thirds, or as; many adulUElder George Goddard, Assistant General Superintendent of the Sund.iy.1. School - J 1 .1111 TTI oil me power ui uuiouf uuuitascuJiluie umureu the Sunday 'School to inculcate and promote the" best and truest principles ln the minds of the young," at a time when they iwero susceptible of receiving lasting Impressions. - Bishop Wm B. Prestbb in .his remarks alluded to ' the pleasure he felt iri befng able to'- say that there If werenagrog6h6p, there tor allure 4and; pol- iuib iuo uaoua ana morais oi me cnnureu, ieu ipai ne wouiu nxe to taKe tnai vast assew - . three-fouith- R, -- -- - 