Ill TH E FAC JES O, OF-D- R faces fair and beautiful, . j . . . That cotaeTonletadream3 at nitfht, Crown'd with radiance scftlyylowinar From the land of lifa and light; Are you watchiiisr o'er ma kindly, Do you lovo to think of me--. Of the days of joyous childhood, When our hearts beat happily? " . . .. j . r D. 'Man's work is.e'enrfrom sun to suu, But woman's work is never done." 1 aci.ashspr -- fore-mothe- r's ; fore-mothe- - . teathe'lwaist . , 'I r.-- . light- - bt VecehwHsland 'uncertain, Jlri', cj)Io)r,s jrhen 3eeh outdoors, are '$orjJ1&6i&6i attired In t the Neither, if. you please, plead, . the ness of Woman's work compared, with Man's. Her work is in accordance, with her physljal strength, quite as hard 'as It is for him, whilst the planning and 'plotting of -- her almost Innumerable , tasks tax her brain tol&ti'tmost '""'V' n , power Women go Into the opea air.too little. l When they,d0 go, It, cpmes,, $fU$:,ii time, as cares accumulate, to bo on some errand . gracefully over, the 'shoulders,, jjTbeifabrlc lroin which lt Is njiae being originally pf white woolen, or wbr8ted Isfinnpc3nt p f 4 largewhif6Vo kneesV fqll white; .trousers tilnteldw stened at . faces are covered 'excontthg Heitiieyes. with' a They are possessed 1 of coquetry. So far as lliavef seexrx do not g as'th'tf men think them as ? N.'Y.. Express. :u.i i good-lookin- '- , : - : , r haste is indispensablej- consequently ' itwhre ia no rest, but only add'Ufedness. - "I I . 4 nt, -- . ; . who work3 beyond the going down of the sun just so sure is it the exceptional woman who does not. t ; All; through our alleged libertjMoving j New England, btir women household toil- - plied, bdth physical and- - mental 'so necessary to ' 'ii .. -- ci ' -, ; 5 There is little or no time Ibr m ental less even for the recreation, Jm-prpveme- TnoudHT you were born dn'the 1st of April," sam a nusDana'to nis ioveiyt wne, who had mentioneti the 21st as "Most people would - think so ifrdm dayJ Uhe choice1 1 made of a'husband,'1 shre- her-birth- " 1 Just so sure as it is the exceptional' 'man .'tlV ,i . : V LX j. .1 : ;IknowJ'bave6poken;XrqthUyi... : . MawJ JJEUcHABpso? Xho Arabs axe generally i handsome with 1 pale,, .oval faces, aquiline apses, and large, ,.:dark eyesu. They haydt rather anf, efferak . .a,ta appearance, Their: dress,! iialmost In, sori' oir Jbpse, describable., . Theywear by foggy t pantaloons, a sash coming down nearly io the knees, be. low which the uitirulevf and foot are bare. Some wear sandals. Their heads are cov ered wlth'a tarban, and when walking about a long flowing free from work, they-we- ar a cloak with hood, which, is thrown not un- -. ity and, magnanimity r i j. You think I have, spoken biUeriyperhSps; essary or best to say ? Only th is, what we have already said: They are wise men! in this regard and shall reap the result of their wisdom, just as surely as the sower of tares shall reap tares, again, Tou tvill think I Mve wandered from my snbiect. or what is more iiKeiy still, navej not touched upon it at all; but, believe me, I have not forgotten that just above, and woven in with my old-- t Irae'rhyme, is Woman's namo. Bellevo me also, that her cause, Inasmuch as it may seem in jeopardy, Is too near to my heart to be lost sight of for any length of time-.- ' glvn;t, , men after, working the same, in - point of time and quantity, still work on,: three hours in addition to his, and sometimes, (not always let us hope; with . the bitterest bit, of sarcastic insultfor reward) , their sup-port is granted them in condescending char- . backto tbe.niuety,and nine wiso.nien, who almost literally work from sua to . sun. What shall we say of them? What is nec go . . - - Though sometime oak and tiny flower alike are light; 'ning riven. ; : . rs ef-th- its-swee- -- fore-mothe- rs other-f- d, -- ask me thatTormula,if ppwnot didTour , deal. Had thp?p;r dear, old understood theiaws of redaction, as well as thev seemed to reco&nizo a necessity for al ways constant action j our lines, I think', had a : been cast in eDieiacealf .'As'lt : Weakened generation is beforeuus.-- ShAll we then professing enlightenment, ' as ' wo do, fail to profit thereby? Nayi let us bear it perpetually In mind, that wd too 'are yet ito oe ' Let-- us ask can. didl: and earnestly, one of the mother, "Is - there any surer way otblessingour children" than by. providings'that t their "mothers be hlessed before them ?M Aye, let us look well at this question which has come jup! before us, and thank God; that it is not remediless; for. aside Irom the drunkenness of ;pur na. tion, no,i f wrongs in, existepce. calls more for amend mentf thah this v same ' Jpudly, iausehold ;. ;t slavery ol women.- ' t for Saturday; night with anticipations of a blessed Sabbath's." rest. Where, ofy'where,is the seventh day's freedom from toil for the1 Weary housekeeper? That mknyjmen work seemingly to the extent of their powers of endurance,- such a number of hours per day is true. Equally true isit, that the wives of many such ent should meat be, 1 - to-da- should tbe considered household proper? But supposing, as is often the case, there is also a Jack and Philip and1 Ned to be done unto likewise? Then too, a Sally and Fan. : houseny and Jane and yet the i hold work at the end of it'all? You think my picture prepasterbus perhaps, and so it should be, and so J t is, .but none the iess.'for a' that'1 it is true and- yes, dear reader, right here you must allow, me to say, that as at present conducted in the thousands of households scattered all over our land, and .in the face of the apparently nonqnding; wonder, that, housework should be considered unpopular, if there is one kind .of labor more than another which is unthanked, unappreciated drudgery, it is this same house work. All aces may bo Joyous that the morning, ' pooHj or evening rest has corned may lilt their grateful thoughts to him whomade it, so-calle- , - glory in the knowledge thereof, the living is furnishing with equal history of y fidelity, thTresult of their" comparative ig noranco and ihexpetlencC It Is indisputably with thisjhat; we haye mosiJargely.to 4 Ah, it is an old saying, old almost I know, as our native hills; but so very true, as a whole, so wise in its timing so. pretty, the to rhyming that Jt may? well T on said all past dissertations the subject as a whole, for though the great mass of mankind do riot expect or Wish to work, only from sun' to sun and we give them full credit for knowing that it is only dire misfortune in the end if they do it unfortunately happens there are many who by forco of circumstance feel either obliged to do so, to satisfy the needs of the hour, or relying too confidently on their present stock of endurance stretch it, gutta percha like, thus encrcching pon the principal, .instead of being: satisfied with the sure and interest. But; tfie laws of nature not to be defied j are us exacting in the one case as the other; the penalty for infringement on their domain the.same. Now that we; have settled the one, let us . Tohose who most do. ned ! . . .:- wii y ' so-call- ed Alder. ;; ; - :. m , . i only, to keep Master Tommy's hai r i n proper and black .his shoes' his socks hut trim, knit, w t r. r 7.1. . r' ' worn to mase every garment oy mm, irom ". those same shoes to the cropped hair, iihd fi hally put on the' crowning'fln ish l ill the shape of a hat on his unruly head,1 Allow-In- g for patches and darns innumerable, is it not plain that 'this service alone must take quite a slice from the time needed for what .: you jpldaie. do thus and so 2 i;'d 9 not ilike to think of .those strong fresh-live- d women of the longXagQ.UThe contrast bet them and now4s4po great. While the history of tho past has , handed down to us ample proof of , the nobleness incidental to their time andday,and while we e . OVEBAV ORKED WOMEN. all-suffici- child? the trades comprised under thi&Jieadaro almosTumherless For . instance, here is Master Tommy. , Mamma is expected, not When.my spirit shall be free? 0, the love of those who've left us Never wearies or grows cold, They are near us, watching, waiting To welcome us to Father's fold. ? mothers tremble at the advent of a woman -- ; When on mydjingbed I lay Will you b there to think of me, And gently take me by tho hand 10, 1876. What wonder oven that the overworked ; Oft you've kissed me in my slumbers With affection true and deep; O, the rapture wheu you're near me But we cannot always sleep; Soon there comes the sada wakening Then your loss seems doubly great When will tbl? life hifd arid dreary. End at heaven's bright pearly gate? s. L. City, May - self, or its dreadful results. . S Because wo say 'houjeworkMdqi we mean, everything that can .possibly Jte dopo beneath the roof? for leprae tell4iypu that Dwelling on that heavenly shore? Your faces glow with dazzling splendor . When they beam on md at night, Methinks you're waiting fondly for me And my hopes are fair and bright. Ltdia l - Now death's river rolls between us, You have safely crossed it o'er; Are you blest with true perfection wdntf und experience hast iaijhtiler-4welthere Uijio that'if fthby krell attendikl time left for ouUdoor exercises. , What wondQrt lttiview:fthi method, ers, are numbered by j; tho,; thousands,; and, L who all have charge in any;: way of though such households come within the cope :of my remaf ks, more nearly and m ore inr sor. row goes out my pity for those who have such charges, with little, and so very often no help at all. For the very- - reason that this is so common a thing;, Woman herself, fail .to both the Worker and the- looker-on; due to the thing itimportanceeithef give ' .For the Exponas EAM L AN D, - v :'.v 'jf. all conditions of Jife. If, in 'consequence7 of , Reticence: If you don't kn6wiwhat shei-health is thls laken'iiotico of, failing " tcp noia every Doay eise( kno wson-m- vf even be lectured kno'w odd' something 'at 'may your tongue; and 'It .'you urged, aye, ' time's n to go out; but somehow1 the one '"that every body else Wowsi you had. better dveriooked? The thing needful is apt to be r care of drift and toil is not '.lessened.' rNo ;you know ;. something that . Nobody e)se l one proposes to sacrifice one - apeffludusi ; ,lnioWTkeep 1 1 to yourself: ' ; i: -- - " 