Jf WOMAN ' S C E NTJ3K N I A L S UFFR A GE;TOR , - ' ,1 1 -I AVOJIEN. - 177G-IS- 7G. , ; :"t just powe ra from t he f All government derive theirThomas Jefteuson. Qtmsent of the governed." v AVomen will vote, this year of grace 1876, Not only in Wyoming Territory, but in some onermoroipf tKetaies, and will help elect the Centennial Presidents :i Ytfeonly-vhiais;atartlingl)re reasons should bo given for beiipv- fair that r, : ihg it will proye true. 1. The coming Presidential election will be moro closely contested tham anyrsince: 1844. r The evenly balanced conditioji of parties will impel politicians tojeave no stone unturned to secure success. Wh ich- ever party enfranchises Woman, in any closely contested State, will make a brilliant strategical strokeVand'j seeuro;; i ts'.;electoral vote.: The 'proposition; has 'already ' been madja from a .pemocratip source to en fran chis& intenige'nf'womeri 'ia' sdnie , of the Southern States in order to neutralize the negro vote. It is regarded v;ith favor by some of tho: shrewdeiiand ablest Southern State balance" of political parties by disturbs the such a move in 4the interest oDem6cracy, we may be sure that Republican politicians will hasten to offset it by a similar counter movement in . favor of Republicanism. 2. The Presidential election will probably hinge on the vote of New York State. Intelligent Woman Suffrage in New York State would. inure to the benefit of jthe. candidate as,in the extreme South, it would inure' to the benefit of the Demo: u cratic candidate," 3.. .With, the, present, voting population, New ions in the parties sueh as prevailed last year cannot extend intoa Presidential Campaign. 4. Jt curiously , happens that, through Democratic divisions Jast fall, New York hasi Republican majority in both branches of the State Legislature. The United States Constitution provides that Presidential elec-rtoshall be, chosen, in uph a manner as the ...'Legislatures of4 the ?eyeral States may direct. The Kew York Legislature may direct that, in addition to present votes, all women who can read and write, may vote fdr Presidential electors. The Governor can not veto this, for the Federal Constitution leaves this subject exclusively with the Legislature. It is fair, however, to assume that Gov. iTilden and the4 Democrats in the State Legislature would favorxrather than oppose Woman's Enfranchisement, if they found it of conciliating the inevitable, in new voters. ; The Democratic minority would probably urge tho enfranchisement of all women, in order, to, leaves parties as they are at presenfjwhilp. the Republicans would insist on .having an intelligence qualRe-public- ah i Yorlris-hbelessly'De- m rs , the-hop- e ! ification. i - . . . , prevails against Woman's Enfranchisement, But the entire , Republican party wheeled around in support of Negro Suffrage, en- fran cms ing the ignoran t negroes of t he South "en masse,n when, it wasseen that a partisan advantage was to bo gained by it. The feeling against Wom?n Suffrage is not nearly so strong as was that against Negro Enfranchisement ten years ago. 0. Thousands. of intelligent Democrats now regret that their party did not follow the lead of Vallandigham in 18GS, nomi naming S." B. Chase for President, on the platform of Impartial Suffrage; and Universal Amnesty. Opposing Suffrage they lost part of the negro vote which might else have been retained;- - besides delaying amnesty for yearsand making it the Jbot ball or demagogues and third rate politicians aspiring to be statesmen. Democrats will not be apt to repeat "their mistake of opposing the enfranchisement of any class of citizens who are pretty sure of enfranchisement within a few years at farthest. There is this growing feeling that Woman Suffrage is inevitable and near. The Boston Post, a few years ago expressed a general feeling of many politicians when it jocosely dtclared in" tayor of ;; Woman Suffrage because it "meant to be on the winning side of the next great issue." The Post will have to hunt up and republish that article ere long. 10. Various icircumstauces notably the scandal, have cast discredit on Woman Suffrage! But, though less has been said on the subject, jt he belief in the justice of allowing woman to vote has steadily grown, as winter wheat sometimes grows uh'dera protecting snow bank. An exciting political campaign will- show that no time' has been lost during this seeming , ' reaction. !i 1. Mo3t intelligent men now concede the justice and propriety of Woman's Enfranchisement, arid only object that most do not want to vote. But political necessities are dispelling women's indifference. Woipen who own property need a vote, and there is no argument against their having it. In the' Southern Statesv intelligent women would like a vole to prevent the rule of organized ignorance. In the North thousands more want to vote to stop the evils of inTilton-Woodhu- wo-me- temperance. ' -i- licans in Albany, including, wo are told, see Speaker J. W Husted, of the assembly, we have theso points evornnoro clearly than presented them, and favor Woman Suffrage ri - , During the past year the order of Patrons of Husbandry.has familiarized one and a Jialf millions of men and women with the, idea of Woman as voters and as eligible to office In the Grange Organization, and the influence and power of this Order .13 conef- stantly and rapidly increasing. No evil wofects have followed from the fict that men vote and are voted for in Grange meet- had a refining Jngs. On the contrary It has and the preseand harmonizing influence, 12. - Presigent women wero allowed a'ote for : not imdential electors New Yorkwould probably bo represented on the Presidential ticket. " G. Some of the shrewdest leadingHepub. ll : ,;r This would place New York among the Republican States, and would" bring forward several i leading Republican ystatcsmen as candidates, who liave been rudely shoved fa the background by the apparently hopeless ' politicaiicharapter: of thaStatq Jf ntelli 5- 151 --- 7. THIRTEEN REASONS WHY WOMEN SHOULD , EN T. for Presidential electors. The influence of the Speaker would go a great way in pushing such a measures ",;r: J With Intelligent Woman Suflrago granted in any State, party leaders will bo quick to seize the idea wherever it can be used to. partisan advantage. Women; will vote first in closely contested States, and especially where the Legislature is of different politics from the usual popular vote. ': 8. Ten years ago there was vastly stronger feeling against Negro Suffrage than now i' -- E XP ON : pie will, this year, repeat the immortal Words of the Declaration of Independence: AH governments derive ftheir just powers -- frora Thfi thOveifncd men who periled all for this Idea arit for 'tliat of "To. taxation without representation' yill bo lauded in every newspaper and from every rostrum in the country. It is by such iteration and reiteration that truths are made roal to tlie popular thought and conscience. What more natural than that these constantly repeated . truths conjoined with the political necessities heretofore alluded to, should impress the public mind witiyrfio idea that .' Woman's ;Knfranehise-mentan- d equality in representation are the rue Cehlf'niiiil work, and that these after tiie oaiething" that we have been the-cpnsen- all-art- tof nce-. of women inihe Grange is univcrs:illy the. regarded as one of the chief causesof wonderful growth andlsuccess of the Order. 13. Thte Is the Centennial ,year. There is universal expectation that Something unusual is to happen; but nobody can guess what Js coming. This expectation of some-thin- g unusual has in all history invariably IHlionakof pco- -, insured its own fulfilment. r -- ? bUnu'y-expectfn- If " Woman's g? Enfran- - chisenient is established in even one state in J 876, the claim ot this year as memorable in the progress Uji equal humariFright3 will never be disputed. If there is any other way of realizing popular expectajion of our Centennial year so as to satisfy not only but posterity nd the world, it has never been suggestedrV These are thirteen excellent reasons to account for Woman's Enfranchisement after it is secured. Why not for believing that it will be achieved soon? our-selv- es : AGrangku. Woman's Journal. a, Turkish Ladies. I am inclined to think, that all that we are told of the imprisonment of the seraglio is a great un- e I suspect the Turkish Indies are der, no greater restraint than princesses and ladiesof rank in our country; and tho hom-ag- o paid them is infinitely greater. The seclusion of tho harem appears to be no more than the natural wish of an adoring husband to gurad his gloved from even'the knowledge of the ills and woes that mortal "man betide Whilst he himself dares danger in every form, he wishes to'protecf'his lady bird"" the light of his harem" from all trouble and anxiety. He would fain mako her life "a fairy tale;" hb would not even let "the winds of heaven visit her face too roughly;" and as we carefully enshrine a valuable gem, or protect a sacred relic from the profane 4aze of the multitude, so docs he, on the same principlc,hido from vulgar ken his best, his choicest ain'kind dearie."; The Turks, in their gallantry, consider the ptrrsw of a woman sacred; and the place of ier retreat her harem is always respected. Nay, there have even been instances where persons have fled for protcctf onto Uieir ene. my's seraglio, and been thereby saved; so that I found, that in Egypt I was likely to be the guardian of tho party, and that in ray utter helplessness I might possibly be a panoply from danger to "iny protectors themselves. In fact, Mr Salt serioubly recommended that I shonid afwayi carry all our mo'st valuaole papers a'ad. money about mo for safety. Mrs. EI wood- mif-tak- trcas-urc.h- is ? ' . a O I Who shall measure the subtlety of those touches which convey the qualify of the soul as well a,s body, make a pan's passion differ from li is passion for fur anotherpas joy in the morning light, over valley, river and white mountain top, differs from joy among Chinese lanterns and glass panels George. Eliot. one-woma- n IvNowledge is precious for its own jake; reward, it is its own exceeding great V . : . . ' 