WO 1t the little one Whose earthly journey is just begun , While his eager bands are stretched above, And bright yes plead with looks of lore, To mamma or to sister dear Tollfthlm to the window near, . That out his restlres eye may look bo bird and sky and running brook. IleV burst the cradle's love-link- ed this beautiful- - little city;- - remember we are at the extremity of the valley, with the settlement' directly facing us. On the north is a line of red. sand hills, n term i nating at the extre m i ty der the shadow of its massive walls we feel an though we aro in the presence of somethat our .tongue thing so holy and sacredf " represses its utterance. Wo are Iricapa. bio almost of thinking. 4WdT can only" feel oursel f a n atom in the greatness of th o that overshadows these walls. presence ' The main faces east. Thoro are two,ohe on each sido of the tower. The steps are made of red sand.stone, each step being one massive rock. They are wide and sweeping, and give the building afree ; onk-anc- norlli-easter- n chain, And gained the floor the baby's plain; Explores the samo, then mounts on high, And fain would reach the azure sky. north-wostor- of tlip valley by a picturesque, perpendicular cliff. There is a pass here, through which wo go to Santa Clara, Pine Valley, and other adjoining, settlements. On; tho west is a line of .black hills, the duplicato of which comprises the eastern boundary; whilo on tho south, the eye is relieved by a glimpse of blue, old fashioned mountains. This is jquite a small, valley, being but' two Tho ."at lohtionrrJis then at, miles square. tracted from these, uninteresting hills and mountains to the fait loveliness of the jmro white Temple contrasted as it is with the green foliage of the city, tho red' sand of the valley, and the deep blue of the evening sky. One pearly cloud 13 sajHnyexC Ilighei His now thBhoolbscry, And comrades .are all passed swiftly by; How wide andTalr fa the prospect now, As he gahis the modntain's lofty brow. Ho can see whero the brook flows on, away, That ho loYed when a little child at play; He has climbed far up towards the azure Bky, Where ho watched the whito clouds sailing by, And he feels as he stands oh this airy height, And drinks at tho fountain sparkling bright, A Joy so pure his soul within, The monarch would give his crown to win. Higher 'lis breathed in the midnight hour, By one pf thought from the student's bower; He would grafp all that science and art csn give, He would win lor himself a name to live. . , . 107 Thumping over rocks, dragging through tho sand wo sfceijusfc ahead, a little hill around which the roajdK winds, then swing round the little bluff facing directly1 west once more, wh en, Pre to! Here you a re, within a few' rods of the much talked of city, of St. Qeorge.; Stop the horses a moment and give U3 timo ' to look at HIGHER. Higher 'tlsiifped MAN'S EXPONENT. Wisdom and knowledge must yield, their store, And the soul Jstlll pantsjjactiU-more- t - head,-whifeth- DV farewell beams upon the White dome ; we might fancy, that in the Stream of meltow, golden light, we. see angel forms flitting to For Mgher to soar in thought, The loftiest prizo most eagerly sought. Thus spirits Immortal caniie'er be at rest, nil they bold in their grasp the purest and beet, Until highest they stand in t hat ransomed band, ..And join in the joys of our 1 atherland-Then higher be ever our watchword and aim, God and the right let us ever maintain; Shrink not, nor falter, be fearless and boH, ADd press on It will lead to the City of GtW. ; the-realm- 5 -- and fro from their heavenly dwelling-placto this, their Master's IIouso on earth ; and we arc almost sure, that, in the calm, still, evening air, we hear, angel voices chanting praises to Almighty God for His infinite goodness and mercy. We are reminded by the sun dropping out of sight,' behind the black ridge, it is time to drive into town. We can but notice however, as we pass alon, ;that St. George is cozily nestled right up against the red hills, forming the valley boundary on the north, in fact some houses are creeping up the hills. We are quite tirednow, and fully appreciate the hearty welcome we are sure to receive from tho hospitable brethren and sisters of this goodly city. Next morning, anxious to. get a nearer view of the noble edifice that stirs euch indescribable feelings within the breast. We are rather surprised to see so substantial and fine looking buildings "way down in Dixie' However wo spend little time in speculating on it, but wend our way to tho Temple Block.. Riding south on the prin-cipstreet, we pass on the right, the at. George Hall, Telegraph Office, Co-o-p Store, Bakery and Tithing Office; on the corner of the next block we see the Tabernacle, which, permit me to say, w ith the exception of the Temple, is tho finest building iu the Territory. This building together with the restof the public buildings in this little city, are built of red sand-sto-ne and a present very beautiful appearance: ; The tabernacle faces east, and at that end has a square tower on which rests a tall, graceful spire ; as wo look down the street going west, the sign of one, of our old friends, swinging lazily in the wind, announces that Dr A. B. Bunfonl is following his profess, ion of Dentistry. On the street looking east, is the Post Ofike. Going X: little 'west 'of south, there is nothing worthy ofspccial mention, except perhaps,that the people as an almost universal rule, build story and a half houses, instead of raising them a iit tie higher and making them habitable, which would co3t but a trifle rhbrc. About ten minutes ride finds1 us on tho open space surrounding tho Temple. If we v;ere charmed with its-- beauty at riight; we are awed hy its grandeur in fh4day. Un e, i " Hop,";. CORRESPONDENCE. Editors Exponent: lam hardly vain euough to thiuk that any one else but myself, and perhaps yourself lias noticed how long it is since any of my scribbles have found their way to your valuable little paper. But I should most assuredly have writen long enough ago had not the destroying angel cast his across our happy threshold. But thank God, through the administrations of the priesthood, his hand has been lessened and we are almost free from his presence. Every one of all our little family ha felt his power, and my babe is still quite weak and low. Excuse me for taking upso much space in talking of my own affairs; but I felt it my duty to explain my seeming neglect of : dark-shado- w promise. In accordance with the promise in mv last letter I will endeavor to give your readers a faint idea of the grandeur and beauty of the greatest curiosity in U. T viz.. the Temple in this city. Perhaps it would be well to give some idea of St. George, its surrounding, and its principal buildings. Wo will fancy that in traveling here, w reach Washing ten about u q clod--, p. m., where we stop a few moments-to water the thirsty animal and a look at Jhe Faetory. Then onward wo proceed, riding due West; passing through Middletown, going over rough, rocky and sandy bottoms, until about half i mile of the city; when suddenly whecline-wride directly south for another of a mile. All.this.whllo we have quarter not had a glimpse of the city, wo have seen for some moments although tho green fields past at the southern end of tho valley, with tho Aiio Virgin lazily wending its way from cast-twest in the center of the field al f dulr-way- s, -- ! I ; f pobf e -- e lookrheattresseshetween each window, the parapets on top, and the largo to wer at th e cas t e r n e n d , ad d J mo re : to t h e picturesqueness and grandeur of the build-ij- p than can well be imagined. It is built OX red. sand stone, (theJoundatipn of black rock) and is plastered over with a clear white. " It) stands on a rising swell in the center of. the valley, The tower is. sur. mounted with an octagon dome. Tho windows are 1 2 fu;;hi"gh on- tho first ttoor above these are circular windows about 3 ft. square. Still above these are another row of long windows the samo heighth as the lower ones, and crowning these, comes row of circular, windows.- - There are fh high and 09 x 7Kff7 On' sido of the arching roof across.; ;each above the main rooms are eight rooms ou reachf side, 32 rooms in all. Thomain stairand south-eas- t ways are in the ;north-eas- t towers and are cirpular, also several private stairways connecting the different floors. , There is a cistern under the. main tower which will contain When full, 12,050 gallons of water. ThuTQ Are three square rooms in the main tower, 'whicli aro perhaps, in-- , tended .(Qxyc0ttva9.rf The rooms are all .eautifull finished off with plaster of paris cprriices and centre-piece(some of jhe fin-- , est' work ln the r wesTerh countrv.) The whole of the wood work is painted a spotless white. The doors in; the puter courts, leading into the separate rooms": are chaste and elegant; no flashy carving, but all fin, Jshed off with the niecst skill. Altogether it has a simple yet grand; quiet but imposing appearance that Is quite ; In keeping: with the purpose for which it has been designed. Passing out we can but'reflect that it looks like a fair pure bride, almost ready to receive the crowning presence of her -- . - an-oth- jjtwai-maift-liallar- er 27 3 , ; s, -- f - Lord. The feelings that have been awakened in the heart are too pro found; for expression; ; and we go from the; edifice with the holiest emotions, determined to live a purer, better ;.; .....,V ,U: , HIV; In another tetter I will try to give a description of the famous Johnson Gardens, and pther principal ob(ects of interest here. Item em Sen ng myself to my friends in Salt Lake, I will ever praying for tho success of tlie Exr I am, ,! ' Youia Kespectfully, :i b. y. d. y s : (It; ', ' ; ' A generic difference:. School girls out for a walk: 1st schoolgirl "I am so tired of walking along by two and two in this way; it7s as bad as the animals that went into tho Ark." 2ndschool girl 'It's worse, for half of them were masculines." Doctors. i'Massa, can' you tell me jdeFou fust ting a doctor does when ho goes to -- ' ' : : , Xgo a sick man? ' "Why he looks at.his tongue of .course." "And can a doctor tell what's do matter wid dc.man by looking at his tonJ5uo?,, jOcourse hocan. ;V , vf "Ben I want a doctor",;H m Are sir2? you unwell, but I have, got, a.,:jyngoii dat. got "No, sometlngdo matter wld' itand do wagon -- 4 ? : ; ; is got a tongue. : f 