II M I Hi WOlCMSIJli ri AN INCOMPLETE CENTENltflAI.. power in a3JaSB mMBMMM Ek 0 B t. 65 spendingfor the township's gootf, the rates levied upon them, which their . remark that the usualmethod of placing the apparatus In.wate or n3erely;rinsingtit put with" Iy. un- iwafficiept; WMtk brusHith etoFRttle taxed neighbors have full disposal of. AVo fail; to percieve the logic that makes' Iho a heroic emblem, while the year'sales by the sheriff, from the Glastonbury ly farm are newspaper jokes from Maine to But the ceremonies wero incomplete. Some Frenchman, if possible, a soldier of the Republic, should have stood shoulder to his sjwuldejwith orator and poet, bearing letwitness that the old charter is a living ter at the century's close. And again, there was incompleteness, but there was fitness, perhaps, in the omission. The magnificent chorus that alone gave expression to the opening day, the chorus which owes its existence to Philadelphia women, ' was abseat from the ceremonial of the Fourth, Created by the energy and . musical taste of the Women's Committees, ' there was something typical in, the iact of its absence. A hundred years ago, Abi-- . gail Adams, the wife of one .President and mother of another, was writing to her husband. "I long to hear that you have declared an independency. And, by the way, in the new code of laws which I suppose it tea-che- eana who will take rjtjs.airjt,'iia which renders suddng so " think you are very generous, for while you - are to men, proclaiming peace and good-wiemancipating. all nations, you insist upon retaining absolute power over wives.". fully Into the new4, ' requiring that it shall - give unto them also, sdmo surer ground to stand upon than' the shifting sands of fortune, and the caprice orl indulifence ofiitho Jaymakmg sex New Century for" Women, ' . ? ';h a HYGIENIC ' . - . rekiltof infanlfen, V. V. OTeS- it toj dry faster and smelling- - besides, i causc5 - Aflfew jcri.. interest it1 would without it Journal de Phannacie Mucilage.-Th- e tatesthit if; t'a! strong "solutioti gnm4afabis I Qjfiubject thlrfgraSs'hit'of i aluuirfissoiVedw to alljmo&e'rs; that j 'wo thirds of an? omice1 wktTr slinia ?wwLi thismakea i.avc'strohncilage we would advise thciii to read, carefuljy and profit. rif : wobd.iogether. or of toendm jxcclairfr by the same. -aj proUfias souic8fT of infant j . foVwhlcli twe wiafc t ,t TApp1es.PicIQaiU,er.and,Corel the apples, mprtality, bot- ) , special attendonnamely the patent nursing tteujSam,the.mf un(d; a,forkwill "gofl'tough tie., .;It insists "o? a rubber tube, one end of j Malce a'srur ; capaDle-dffas-'tetn- -- . I - IateCitylknal' tojchblera as a ng and the. Heading tfereoisirue7 that ' there tis 'Peitpm the irarsifitottIe;yi J.'nn;S dip; .byremie&t. .from.: an. old thereof is of such vital , . re-sidr- TVWifA A teaspoonful of saltpetre added to:ya large potfulxjf gluaJwilieJually prevent it from numrpf, ti:Sieiitifi reas-onin- g, . vim uxcu l Deaths ik the ;UR3i3 Bottle. , The ibllpwing yre - when two ladies .of Uonnecticutrwho own" more property In theii'tdwnship than ten of their neighbors, shall fefusoany' longer to pay taxes, thereupon, unless granted some sembed ha v harder than ' was highest in Boston Imena cento tury ago, throw into the harbor tea that did not belong to them; because theywould pay no taxes without their own consent, wby.should.it bo the best kind of a joke jjLuuijrMm.uua chi.ui inuia "Balt Glue. j a- - 1 ii -- Centennial CommitThe women tees have had three years of education. Their services haVe' been sought, their as. sistance invited, the profits of their hard work have been given to build up the en- terprise, yet not unfrequently has the snub been administered, reminding . them that 1 the old century men, still claim "absolute po wert oyei; ; them an" their belongings, j They ""may have had feeble powers of it is truehen they began to work, but in the severe school of adverse decis- ions and their per- ceptiyo faculties have grown and widened, j Theyrefuse any longer .to accept palaver in ; the place of justice. Eesolutions of thanks is one thing, recognition is another. If they apply the experience gained 'in j judging of some other matters, tne school of their training must shoulder the responsibility. They fail to perceive why the? Michigan woman, who settles upon govern-- ; ment acres, preempts her little farm. by cul-- l tivating it, making a home for her child-- , ren and her drunken husband, is denied the privilege of ownership, which that hus-- 1 band could havo obtained at the govern. meat's hands any day he was sober enough to claim it. To make out her title to these 'aeresberowri Kadd. had planted "and' sown,' it was necessary for the United States Sen.; ator to tell her whole sad story to' his - feli lows, and by a ppecial act of Congress enai bio her to own what she had paid for to the United States. The beautiful discriminations of the law, "whlchr forces the hardworking wife to wait for. special legislation,5 dragginglhe sad circumstances of 4er life into public discussion, must be encouraging to other married women, driven by hard iiecessity ta make homes for "themselves i ' and children. j . Again, we tail to understand also, if it ; satis-jficd- i5 f4heyA4ooktHwiat-- " . I difficult as ;to'! exhau3t chil,'and it stops' before its' hunger 'ii 'Hcrice, parents yo who - aro compelled to - : '. the 5 declara-UonUoflrrghtsoll-in- oq -- -- so apparatus; ;which can only bring' destruction upon your cD,JWd'dttor;lecia botUex with; glass "mouthpiecd; which i3 filled from beUw,6r take a "!ar rubber mulhpiecey hlclif is -- perforated a smallfhole and can be 'drawn1' directly; otes'i the neck of the glass bottle. 1 Thlslarg;e induthpicce'r 'nipple can readily W turned inside lout- and thoroughly deaned 'and fubb'ed with dry Baltic After .Tcadin the11 ibove,' v we sonowfully ac-- Evolution" tol 11 they were' ungenerous nd cru'el The' wo- of-th- e ; i3fe JeeJ yra far-sight- ed men of l76 ponder these!' things, in; their ' yhearts.' They: rejoice; with unfailing: grati-- '' tude, at the vi ctories won', the difficulties conquered j ahd the power and freedom; th e old ceri tury; hksr b'rou gh t, with. ri ts n, trputto;tQ3caa , thoroughly: ; eiat or Jen tuncsla day? ' How" 'much 'tmie " it .would K4uiril ' Another disadvantage; is ': that tho a partial vacuum is idrme'cl,' , will be necessary for you to make, I desire you would remember the ladies, and be more to them than their generous and favorable ' ancestors were. Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of the husbands., And continual-subordinatio- : bott& but tga (ToeMaiisVcrm for the apparatus is not IdngyaflerL times- - and ingthe,t)Mshfinrott Again, Abigail Adams was happily married, but: she had the courage , to. speak for other women less favored. She. copld look out fro'm her secure, shelter, ;:by. her husband's side, and .see how other mothers suffered at the hands of the law. So long as tho.law, now, as then, gives to the father absolute po.wer over nishlidlhewrrtd" Vscnd.it whithersoever ho will, away from Jts mothjer, standing faith fully at hisshje, the power tq wHr into other care and guidance thati hers, no j.wonder that, tltfs, woman of 'the ll ;Som,e tfie wire! st Georgia. - I'lMff . ioKldirec -- j;theineadhy; held intfie cild!snl"outh;Hhexither, end, passing through' a cork is attached to a glass rod j wnicH descends td theiottpm of a bottle of so- called nullr.; je4iiight pageon the dap. the mule, nes'sp gers that reside in been' taken to obtain fresh, or.by suitably: diluting j pure condensed milk. But this danger is well j known, and our business at ' present is" with the j rather its duly tuhe,, which9 should nev-- T botderor. . which-i- - s , ..' s ' i 4 plesfe, .TOare Vm 1 ?r. pf jsvi n gar j oM propbrtionsf1 Qneteacupfuli of cream; r,one of V asppQEiiu sooai f arninch .7-- -- 'EVca'wnbn'rit'ilutoJ f ecay ' and -- tcj ! .'dis- , jnpgg - iortn.ine ioupwxng irom a pracusing pnysician ou that city: fant in bedfifhile bthef bottks rnust be held in the hand, all the time. What sensible mother or nursebuli Icjure jal cluld wii f aVboUlo without The danger of the bbCtle coikists ; watching.it? - tiu'thisfthalit'is iabsutelyr4mpossibldt6 it. rupliouse-keofcm'fniirtb- nhbf ai ecM; they niarrV ncd4et V 'comejarelyih&raclefis - 'TfafQ supposed advantage of these bottles "coa- -i "lists' H tiuSj' tfiat they can be pkced beside the in- - Hreltfctint manner. Society ts a 'wh61d' isr serlooslv endangered by thesp absurd, afidfaisb ldeas ease. oome( uiee:cuwa-muruurmg- ,; , xauee inventions have jreached Berlin. ' and have called ; ofsilt. -- V;fegretted;thaty0ang6pie ted'as they'are trjth oxide ol 'zlnaiireno't'u&bi'ect- - gerinrof putrefaction, If tqacupsijuDour,r iwouid espoonsiu ,op rtione jg stirred ell Jtowtlierwa'Hrjp-;;peofrom:,th- e sgyqjnto a new one boaght. '! Wut '''saM 'im. piiniStick a gar JaMor pveia;:;fijo if ii ; hot; " ; ; A Young. lovo'f If of iiibdeniflo-;cnife;;'- f, tnie;vaid godly question be pressed 'todhaftI ' "Ir 4d'.Voiinr man has a posUipfntiatr Arill 'ertafclq WU iUUUU U he ,nmai'ryMiti cTlans4 H VT 1U U111UU, 11 iliil to . make.Is.ome Mppy, and be UCliU Y t. J Will a'thirSjm-panfdtildthim'iimr- ry little particles of milk When sucked ariotako Jbejr to a come attached tb$iQ tubs "and cork; r these curdle humble home, levtnem 'praeiU6 sttch"econ-om- y . and soon turn 'sour.' If some of this deposit b agilconslstept with their circumstan y - placedTundera 'see-we inntnycrabl ' ldroscoe, ces. It will discipfine them in the right . bacteria, oreanie beines which, indicate decomposi- .'rf.palhJi-iId- : givp:them;ap epcpcrienc they tion and decays At eVefy meal s tiie r child draws :n J cohldinovcrihave gained inafllacncf.i XIfe . -- - in'thousanasi kit 4 ol Tn6 ddcomposini: will bp tho.bettcrifqr. feaQjridk and, ortaneiiftore process acts' upon whatvifc findsnio ? tbi mouthy i lacceptahZo and VQPWtYZlselx .4isDose should atti'.iSMVtU,i diar prosperity beam upoiy tbe.i9r fofcej here cholera will etc. I eipresi rhca, iafantum, tend their efforts. be-- ! ( - i ir -- sopha,an4jinaudl ! t 