WO MA N ' S E X P 0 SUPERFLUOUS WOMEN. ft . a. lintel. si ' In.,as,recent 4llcturo Mrs. Liverraore made the f6H6winff pbInted and sensible NO JUSTICE FOR r B TV VOMEN. 184 : ' through medicine. What is that' yon sajthat a stitch in time saves nine' and that' thb right medi-cin- e ' quickly taken, averts danger? Very, likely. cases out I quite believe that. But in ninety-nin- e of a hundred,wbere is the danger? And what is tha I I Kecently anofllccr presented himself and. ' a prisoner before Justice Wandell, at the Yorkvillq Police Court,.' Well, lilary,' are'C you; here; again?; Queried , the magistrate.5 All through the landin homes and ouU ' rr Ye? replied Mgry;;' You,; see I had ht ;: side of themJtl'llnW ded vulgar1 parlance of everyday , J4been out for more than: forty h in utes when this fellow gobbled me up.' V 'Well, Haryi speech called "pld maidsJ with a shrug of saii thei'!7,' the shoulder, and a slight dash of scorn, in , I think I'll have to sehdou Justice : , Now, look here;' Jjudge;,inteK i the finer. language of sociologists and essay- rupted Maryam I drunk now ? ' , rorr ists denominated ''(superfluous women." plied .Justice Wandell; ,You; don't seem to Th cr have tbefih ' brave enough to elect h to -walk ihLroughlljde "alone, when some Vman ; be; but I'Uiend you' to the Islam! for' three V months this time.' " In this unjust and has asked them' in marriage whom they , positively illegal way are women 'treated could have loved; ; with' r! white lips they ; have said ;while;ih6ir hearts have " very generally by i police justices. There- ' was no charge sustained 'against this wosaid "yeela because odutVi demanded of man'j'yet slie was sent to r.Blackwell'a Island them the saerififie of their-own happiness. for 'three moirth&j 'I In the daily Tombs poTheir iryea have been steppjng-stonoj- r lice reports, it is noticeable that whero men the advancement ,pf younger, sisters; they and Women are; brought up for the 'same of--' have earned the Wney to' carry brothers fenfce,?drunkeness,; while the men arelofteov through,; college, into proeaalons j like the v J s ' ? ! . '44i 1 self-rightin- , io,' ; . ' emergency' of (ka cascT Medidneisoftcn 'Jthe precursor, of after t misery; and tho poor J constitu- tion has to pay dearly for. its ineJitiual fillip: r'Thd; wiseri philosophy of tho present day gradually from these Nature his w deli?eriiig w potent periji' a power wUhin her; 'there is a I kind ? in the' physical frame. Treat l; of the body kindly; let as much, pure air as possible get to the lungs, and as much fresh water as possiand as much healthy t ble be applied to. exercise as dufy permits to given to tho muscles, ani early rising as circumstances' allow bo atforded for the recruitment of the brain, arid then medicine will be a very avoidable? affair. V inh 1 vis-medicat- ! ( 1 rix A the-'flesh- ; no. -- ; -- J rt " : , HOUSEHOLD HINTS. j pendent household; they JnVerMlip or- - . der of natore ani ecome Qthjerau to tho, aged," childish' parents, "fathers and moth- - " ers, whoso failing feet they guide gently dori the'hiUof :life? and wfiosej wltheredjr hands tluy by and byfold beneath the daisies; they i carry J words 1 of icheer and a world pf comfort.to, households. invaded by trouble sickneissfor f The dusty years stretch fajr behind .theraV beauty and? come liness drop away from them and they grow faded and careworn; they become nobodies to the hurrying, rushing, bustling world, and they will 'sliprbut into tlie, fined and collejges-fesoo- en and are giving morej than ye all. For out-0pur jabunilanceJM MU kltffll ft 11 little, and these :i J'superfiuous woineny.have given their all theniselves,rwith, their lovhap-pines- s, with their dreams of the future! not so Grant Ah, heroic was your march through the fearful, from Atlanta to bristling Hvilderness-anthe sea, as Js the lonely passage of life made . ' by mariy.an'uninatewamanj;except. as her celibate life serves to point; a jest, or add pvnipal Dieasahfrv to a st6ry.1Ye were stimulated by the cheers and. prayer3 of a " nationwhile ;thelaze of the world fol- lowed you. But the prath of these women was through the hot shdf of ridicule andsa- ' four-starre- and-herma- d d t ; tire. Let us give to women ' such training, - . physically, Industrially, intellectually, and- , spiritually, thatwe shame the word "su- ; perfiuous,' out of the vocabulary, as help iVQ'totrS ; much as as men, and elevate thcm,.quito for any special work whjch might be done will 6eJ- them, and thus boliectivO humanity benefitted and a higher civilization' be pro-moted, . rp de-scri- pt , r-n- , , V'..or sink ni?.. rjin in his pockets and his pipe in his mouth, - : Jpbking on to see how it will como out. -- ;- Fdr Sord . ,; . ;, ateacnfu1 get way.-- ,! ; I ) i;:J 'J'w ; j : Children should be taught; tQ Bkk tho truth; to hate a He, and to bo hone&t; It i3s unsafe to leavp any class of t'hildren un- taught. It is not for tho interest nnd wel- - : fare of tho community to do so. It is from tho ignorant and tho vicious, that the pau. pcr: and criminal .element chiefly comes. 'That is the burden whfch" others aro chiefly. ft . . ca " . : tazipd tOsu ppprt.Vlt is chiefly from those Sl who have no healthf ul home training, no church, no family altar, no Sabbath school. There aro many who get no correct notions of right and wrong savo what they geHiu school. At homo and in tho street ,thcy learn to lie, to steal, to fight, to get drunk; ' touso vile language. There, by 'precept ' and exainplQ they get a knowledge of eyiu; It is moro the duty of society to provide for tho right education and proper training of all tho children- than it is to support the .', paupers and take' Care of ' !f" , Prevention is better than cure. Ex. . ! ; : . : ; - , McdiciscSome onewritinS on the excessive use of medicine and the f recuperating wouU utterly im- power oC Nature, . says:- -It hive bwn t possible tp tell how many crjqstjtalions how many impaired, how maby digestions ruined, complexions fpcilcd.and how many purs:s emptied, . . ! Teach Children to Speak: the TnUrir. -- ." -- it" well 11 ..ill I TnA KinoU ; with buttr,ripepper and salt, and 'add two or tlireo X; beaten eggs;' Then make alternate layers of wet rusk crumbs, with milk, or cold .boiled hominy or rico, and bake half or thrco quarters of an hour.V Let the upper layer bo crumbs, and cover with a plate' while baking, and when nearly done take it' on to orowu uiv wj. - stancLwas aealone; ewb gaye,thcTarlicu!ars of authorities that i the occurrence, alsccitiog vseyeral hea Hp , 'said that mentioned similar ase&. assailed first1 by aDrredho' was nrlffitli Ciximt? who did medical ! profession many members of the ; not Deiieve in me irauBiusiuu.ui. iwu,in hk desire him-o- f perverting the facts condudedbyf faying that x to be sensational t inin defending Jiis position h&hM,hec6mo deeply terested in thV study of mediexne, apd i desired his aspirations 'correspondent, he had mM syrapathy, to keep him posted regard-- , and ing her rcsearcnes on tliis particular, subject ner genpnu prurusa ana auwoj i v ' ;r J anykmd 6f Kcat 'ano! Busk Puddings. Chop; cold meat with salt pork or hamj' season ! -- - ' i " i r ' . 1: i t d".applyuse; spread ! PhiiaV corres- The Transfusion of BIood.-y- A HicIr a lcUer written by Charles Reade'to a young' lady 'mefel student pf. . u this city.? ShUad written fcjjuni inquiring abcitit Uhe case of transfusion ,'of blood mentiencd m His Ho replied that the in- -' novel, 'Griffith Gaunt i ixt the5 ketUc V; ; tar. Stewrtheifalh togetbep for iwaxodpmf tmU as pciildoe. 'with-hos'rofessa- " ica-mos- s, - of-scien- 1 hoseiflice ibreakfast dishes,4 cook it in:a covered ; tin dish set in a. jcettlo o( boiling water,! in this mannen there is no f danger of scorching.'.; Cora-- 1 t 8tan;h ptiddingj ikrinay: arid all other iar-r- s iicles mixed with !milk' can bo cooked iii'thp samo hi : parts; B6U togethcrla a1 Jittle'water ; then butput in a little golden seal. Stew all in fresh ter and mutton tallow equal parts,: until well done. Then strain and put back- in pot y and put in bees- - ! 't j To; Copkn Oatmeal, leaves-e- qual idi ; ' Etc. In Jcooking? oatmeal, hominy, wheaten grits,! cracked wheat or: any; oia ii'iiJti-'- l Eyes.-Ta- ke IcomlnoDelderkbitter IkanTrric.When.tlioibea or a oyspeptic, -- The woman's cause H nians; tbey r!se bond orf rce . Ex. i Toget her, dwarf cd or goJ-ltk- e, Bad luck is simply a man with his hands t-- nu'r3.5J ulf on the top 6f jthp stoTe whe the bcans will slowly "cook., fine,' T.ncn ,scasonriho broth. with sufficient salt pepper and' butter, to inako it relish', and, with good Graham bread,' "it makes a soup fit for a king ; f ingjheaHs,IwUhlthekpossibiIities of :,..' i sunshine.--Housckcepen'- or twoJ table?pooufals hpn;(; cy, teaspoonfal salt, tincture? of, Balsam buds one tablespooiiful,: tcaspoonful gum pine. Make a paste and put it over the eyes. A thin cloth to go on the eyes first. A Farmer s wile. ' : ' r " C. - s 1 to'b iiamofothp ofketU6 thV jbcans in thlcettlc. s a ..''' - , v. one-ha- lf 1iuc..-warms- -butternut, rubbed up "with sugar, divided .into ; ::; thrc parts and given at intervals 'of ,20 miuutes ' -r : v :t B. C t i Cure for Toothache. Take a lump of lime as v ' large as aixhickofy out,, put it Jd a quart botde of,-- , water, and rinse ha mouth Tvithit' frequentlyrB. joyful greeting ,lwiir Svelcpme them, Andthey will "thrill Jo the 'embrace of the heay- -' "l teniyBridegroomri usrtfHB Ah, Stewart, who from your $100,000,000 " to the working women in a beautiful home! Ah, Peabody, whose funds were princely ! Ah, Vanderbilt. and prewrwho liavo put millions into the Endowments 4of schools pig dmtter, up ' v the glow of pictoflapl bne-haliVc- 1 I gloomtfip shadowspiirivoll tljnforeVerpi from earthly .sight the great surprise, of - molasses;' ' HYGIENICOTi:St: Cure for iCroup,rrM 1 cup sour;milk, two teaspopnfnls:gmgerv:briciof hrnoti. soda, two cgs; lour cups flour. F. Wi ' 'diheap -- (MrtamOno of 4hql'mdstj agrealile1 , -' ' materials for curtaiEiing windows f is "coarse un- blwched cotton.. : Tho. irregularity of the thread . and the roughness of the surface gives its soft folds much the charm of a Kussia crash, and; , its thi light of cool, Ndrthindows almost to es oi were prciselysimilarKxino by-and-- by of. eartlily treasu or imprisonedallhoughi the icjrfcum-stanc- pint -ono i d, rlroir , 1 A good receipt for ginger bread: Ginger Bread. i architect 'and their 'places uphold the vroof pyert a.de- -' CaryatideB;-of- r ,5 let off with a reproof cr raildthreat, the wo- - ' meff are almost invariabipunishcdji A late ' ; number of a New York daily, In its -- police column, contained six arrests for drunken ness. Three of ,thet culprits were men, aod threojwomen. Every one of the men were' let off, and every ono of the- - vrdmeni wore K JTf fcii."5 - the-criminal- 1 s. . ; ji 