f W 0 M AJSf ' S E XrblS'ENT. : - it. s, beports. v v, v Eighth Annual ;:'rK Mill Cheek Ward, Salt Lake Co., 7 W,r77, Jan. Editor Exponent; . : :. 2D, 1876. " It Is at the request of our worthy Super- intendent, Sister Spencer, that I write a few Iine giving you a brief report of our association; although I have Been silent, we have been diligent in doing all the good we could. Wo hold our meetings monthly in an upper room of the Ward House, which has been neatly furnished for the accommoda. for MantuaBox Elder Co., Editor Exponent: . 7G. ; . ent , ; Dear "' KxroNENT: l: .. 1 1 1 ! r Anna Hansen. - : : 187C.' .J;V ' hough t perhaps i t would be gra t Ify I ng to your numerous readers to hear. some-- " )hlng from this place, as it is is seldom it represented in votir mnw. very Our Reliet Society Is in a flourishing condition considering the many disadvantages which we labor under; our settlement being scattered; which makes it very inconvenient for tho sisters to meet especially in the slormy, Weather. A more energetic person thatfourPresident Mrs. Emma Brown it would be hard to find, sho is indeed perout-of-the-w- ay severing under difflcuUieswhich wouldilis-couragea- n .ordinary mind. ;If thero is a case of Puffering or destitution, she is with open hands to relieve tho poor andready sick as she has pioven in n number of Instances A partial reorganization has been made and a united, feeling prevails; and wo will strive to live our religion moro in the faithfully , future. We have received in tho Society $145,00. Disbursements $120,00." Remaining in tho Treasury, $25,00. Sina Murdocic-- Secretary. Perhaps a few lines from this place would not bo out of the wav. therefore:. I will at tempt to give you an account of our Relief society, out must . confess that we have noining to coast oi. wo have since tho organization of Our Society, elaborated a capital to the amount of three hundred and eicrhtv-seve- n dollars. ou t of which $27 has been donated to thepoor, nas been paid toward tho Emigration, $170, is partly on hand and partly lent to needy persons for a short time, the balance, ?4, i3fin the way or ladies' hats, artificials arid trimmings, made by ourselves for which xnere is a reaay sale. V , We intend after a Httl to have a shop or workhouse built, wherein our sisters-wi- ll manufacture straw hat3, artificiarflowers, trimminirs, breakfast shawls, nubias, hoods. nccktle3, scarfs and such other articles, as wo can make both for ladies and gentlemen. The sisters have a determination to fo iow out tne counsel and instructions received fronftimo t6 time from our President Br. L. Snow, among others to let our adornment be tho workmanshipof our own hands, to patronize home prdduction,and to buy nothing from Babylon that we can possibly do without One of our resolutions is to dress neatly and in a becoming manner, not indulging in foolish fashions; but create our own fashions, such - as will conduce to our health and comfort.' We meet together once a week to bear oiir testimony to the things of the kingdom, and to talk over our own affairs in general. lean truly say that union and a good spirit prevails among the sisters, who are always ready to meet for worship or for work, and wo trust in the God of Israel, to crown our feeble efforts with succe33, that we, united with our husbands and brethren, : may forward -- His design, here on, the . . Re-trtnehm- Wasatch, Fob..5th, Fannie P. SiiAuanTER, Secretary, Relief Society. Feb. 1, ?76. ' l?- ? o, ClIARELSTONf 03 30 Mrs. H. Doremus, Treas. Secretary. e .?.,, ......... ..... ...... . e, Bro. John Pack haying generously donated a buiidingiotlworthi l I GOO, we propose to pu t a ho Use upon i t, for the uso of h:'.-- -the Society. if.' G. Mrs. A. Alder, Sec. - Yoursln the Gospel school-hous- proveraent Association, and a Young Ladies'. Retrench ment Association and It believe that a great deal of goodi will come of these; societies. The sisters; all se?m to be alive in the; work, and are doing all can to assist the brethren in rolling on they and building lip the kingdom of God. We never have had the pleasure of seeing many of your very interesting papers, but.we do not intend to be without them again a3 long as we can get means to pay for them. We are living in an isolated littler hamlet in the mountains, - for which we ever feel to be thankful, as we can live our religion with-o- u t fearor rapiestat ion Aspur time is very much occupied byfamily duties and btiipV matters, we must necessarily be short with our letters, but will send you a report of our progress and prosperity anon. . Yours in the Covenant, w - Woman's 'Exponent: I don't know that you ever have had any report from us here in our little Chaldcca, (the hind between two rivers), and as such I hope that a few lines will not be without interest to you and your readers i We have been organized for quite a length of time into a Relief Society and enjoy our Association very well. But as tho Spirit of the Lord lias moved upon the presidency of the church to call more especially upon tho young and rising generation, we had the joyful privilege to enter; into".the RetrenchmentScciety on the tJrd.of January, A. D 187C. President William Neely attended to the .organization, Mrs.' Anna Hansen was elected President and MrA Ch rist I ne Neely and Mrs. Mary Hansen first and second Counselors, and Mrs. Mary Petersen Secretary,; . We , are twenty-ninin number, have a comfortable Meeting-hous- e to meet in and a meeting every second week and enjoy ourselves first-ratand shall all tho time do our best to be worthy of the name of a Society in the very spirit and "V v ; meaning thereof. Tho Exponent is read with geat inter- est among us. . ; M.li.NoRTir, 1 433 00 Amount of articles sold during ' C5 75 ;, year,......!;'..... ''; Amount given to Sister Pratt for 43 u0 her studies... Amount gi ven to pu rehase seats ; ' ?'v-r'i'--':- Editor 2 00 56 27 ; . :usfra.tlyand :fji l At interest,. ! .Beak Rivjer City, Feb. 8th, yVyf , Merchandise:;,... ............... . erally pretty well attended and a good spirit prevails ; we h a ve ex eelle n t instru ctions, from our beloved and honored Superintendent and fro sisters of the Belief So ciety who alfrbm: the young ladies of the Retrenchment As:: sociation. ; A - '"..-- LOrder, gen-- tpn Report of the Relief So-ciety of the 17th Ward. vamount donated to the so- 4 1 $322 03 ciety for trie fiscal year Total amount disbursed to needy , ibr fiscal yea......,. ...... v.... 31 35 9 05 Cash remaining in treasury,.. J . ;earth.-- : 4 inslruct-e- d - : We were very much edified and by SIsteri Eliza R. Snow and others, whilo on their visit to us last summer. Hoping that we may ever follow their counsel and example, is the desire of your sis-- " tcr in the new and everlasting covenant. I -- s . - : - Mauyretjik - Rockville, Kane ' : . v Editor ExroNENT: V . Co., IvELLER. Utah. Feb. 14, 187.V We have lately reorganized our Relief Society, and have also had established : in Ahls nlaco the Young Men 3iutual Im- - Pine Valley, Utah, ; V , , Dear Editor: On Feb, r, Pi-i:-- , ? 8, 187G. zy v " the 2nd. day of December, 1375. the young ladies of Pine Valley were organized into a Ketrenchment AssoL-iatiowith the n the following officers: Mis3 Celestia Snow, President, Ann J. Bryde, l Mary M. Meeks, M Julia A Keele, J, Counselors, I Sarah " A. Bracken, "f Vilate Burgess, r. I - -r r ti i xuary: ju. enow ttecretarv. and Miss j.uiss Cleopatra Burgess Assistant Secretary. We meet once in two weeks, open our meeting with singing and prayer. We haVe thirty- four members enrolled. The society takes the Exponent, and wo occupy our time in reading from its columns, and also from the Bible, .Book of Mormon and Doctrine and , Covenants, and in speaking to each other of tne things of tho liinsdom. We have ta ken a .vote in our meeting to refrai n from round dancing. We were very much pleased and interested ) with the instructions of Sister E. Si Barney while on'her visitsouth. That wemay be able to follow her advice is our earnest tlesire. ... Yours respectfully, Mary L. Sno w, Sec re tary. '" - TT . -- " 1 , - . MISCELLANEOU, 9 is very hard to beaj.i Yet we must all learn to expect-it;and to. suffer it as calmly as we can.; To fiave our best deeds Injustice ; turned and twisted into evil one's,-- to; have our acts and words utterly ; misrepresented; to have those turn cold to us ; for whom wo have al ways felt the warmest friendship, is r; only the fate of humanity; i Living too fast. In oiir iiv. 'both and single persons live too fast. A jnarried ... , . t t i ! J 1 uacueior now nas, neea oi an income sucn as would once hayo satisfied a man with a family; and for his single household-the-mea- ns which would have twentv vears affosunnnrtpd two fiimllies, if not three. Daughters are sent io lasnionaoie schools ac an enormous cost, there to learn extravagance, and, in short, to become fitted for auythincr but to become tho wives of poor men. Sons are "ruined with unlimited rxeket.monev. lafo' hours. .E , J. ",-,and almost total abseneb of paternal control. Thus wo not only Hraste our estates, but per petuate the Vice in our ichildren- In every way wc are II vlngloo fasr.: r , - 