.ispeakviothem encouraginglyg tf revives, ano glows and sparkles in their eyese J6 - - -- July 3, hun 1876. Editpbs kxiONKT: r : Iu Dear Ladies: The second number of your' exceHenti papers jwas received, and I was well pleased with ;U$;high moral tone. It was not ijust what I,had expected to see, i coming from f your ci ty. t I am moro than illheuienwtiich you have espoused, together with your tive system of doing J business. I can but admire the spirit ! evinced ' in the good ;up-buUding- jusjuruui-iuu- " : - l- Toi I Jiay5d , en ireading some of your books : "VoicefiWarntug,,.5r and two Tserm0nJ3nbyOrson4 Pratt, one.of which)taa hlgfilyinstructive, and am now perusing, the rBpoliIof i Mormon. better ostednbyiand::hy,. J , In cocdusion liwm! remark , thaiIf ; ymi the tlbctrtos taught and rpreached carry imbtbea bud people. iiLetline-hea- r you again, . at least or the columns through your paper, if you aefs;ou? i cannot find the time to write. I shaU be very happy to have your paper for the rest of the year. I Wishing 6u success In your enterprise I remain Very truly yours, - -- - .( Uu M Ii, Johnston. , , I could haye the Elderstd teach and .explain the; Scriptures according to I your vie ws. ; I to say might after a whila he constrained, ! : i '(Almost thou porsuadest me to be a Mor- moiL"! -- Th o women, i of . your community i cannot be muchioppressedi when; they have the . right of suffrage, and a paper entirely devoted ! to; their interests. That is more thaaWexan say ftmwearenot allowed to Tote tnrea oncstions directly eoncernipg byty our ; I shall be if ..... -i mis-"siO- fts 1 ? I , s , co-oper- a-, I pjtiuviuu uiu " surprised rjitithoTiintsrOTanifested by your wona&n;ctfe Subject of freform, and the mat .are given to. xthenii We: Jia ye Aikind, motherlyi kindv "1 coals t But 7, tvhen Twe hearied sister for President (Margaret awy;iit an the ashes of discontent ;sin9uldes again, .Hat thews) who is always oh hand to render ' ail the assistance she carihoth temporal smother and almost out. it envelop Again . and again has this annjng'aQd6oiIngpb- juiu spiriiuai, to wait upon mo hick, ana; cess, been experienced by them, and will comfort those that mourpfthis can be said continue I sUpjpse until th last. I wlah the Of all its members", for wo desire fn ISa nno. TP? f n niltrt 4 K I n rC sicfaMo xii Saints in the world Could have a foretaste iiii tl cioiVi lituut .ui tile lUVCj IU : I rr."1K1 of the experience1 that is necessary for them j ue use mi in our aay. ve neea not tning, to pass through when they are gathered. we that hve Triothing todo, it' is not so; it I think it would be -easier for them iocom- is true our brethren are called to go on prehiend the, reality- of thelrTellgldmore to the nations dfi the earth to preach than they do at the present. The Lord has the gospel, and to bring the Saints to Zion, 'material with which to work, but I and we ar permitted to remain at home to queer is best eret. He it the can suppose Onlv the tako care of our families and to receive the ; poor; and lowly . have time to entertain the Saints that may come into our ;, midst, to of the truths fashioned teach and Instruct them in the duties of old of Homely gospel Jesus. It is enough for the rich aM learnuie. ..wo set? me necessity to encourage to ed meditate upon the glittering ,bubbie, home majjuactube; wo. have quite a number of young ladies learning to braid conjured up in the minds of enthusiasts,and surmounted by the golden cross andbrazen straw. They have been quite busy during which the Image, , ine,tpasi season maiangr nais ana straw trimmipgs, which is leading in thq right present to them as the gospel of peabe, sisters Jri the country are-direption, for. we ' ' arid efflgy of salvationr '''' obliged to use economy for we are not The Lord economy in taking the very ouf "sl$ters! la '.the jare; cities whose bus- -. lowliest of all people with which to perform bands Tq merchants or clerks,' etcithat Hia work, is of course the best, for if they receive very ' large salaries, from $150 ta were not already humble, He would have $00 per month, and mechanics that receive j to bring them down; and often material is frbni fourto five dollars a(iay; whereas our worn out before a vessel of either beauty or husbaridsthat follow farming raise a little can be formed of it, for the' reason utility 'wheat, potatoes &c. &c. , arid if we did not that there is so much of tho.brittlo, refuso use'econorny we 'shouid never be able" to matter mixed with it, that the process of sustain 6ur families. But you may say-w-hen we vlit our sisters in the codntry expunging it wastes away the rest. I think that the Centennial year of our. it seems by all appearances JtMt tbey are ;naibng' Independence presents- to the getting rich and able to build comfortable ' houses tb live in, und make other iniprov- Saints a condition of society throughout the world, peculiarly interesting, in view cities (with all the munts,t whilo we of the pointed, prophecies Of which it is the can large salaries) hardly live. Let us; for realisation 'VThe' TcivlHzftd a momentjook into thisy and compare notes. nations, particularly our own free country, In the first place, who are these that go to l and the 'savages of our country," are des- - i the theatre with their families, that cro tn cribed hotter than most Writers; of the pres- .; thogrand balls in the winter season, that entcan describe them, andyet the scene we j aress up In the highest ;atyje, some of whom i witness was foretold 'over a thousand pay irom fifteen to twenty dollars to have a no is There more satisfactory years ago. dress made up for their ives and daughnor interesting reading than 4he prophets ters ?' yho are t hey that send their soris ef the East and West, particularly the lat--- " and daughters Abroad to Jte educated? Do ter. j The changes that are to traospi re i i n they belong, to the Salpts- ,'that live, in the the immediate future, we see from these rural districts of,,. this.. Territory? Oh no. before their actual advent, and are writings' vr wclv,ut liiuo perauua. wiiu are in for prepared: them; and with assurance of proserpu?, business, or receive large. sal-- j safety for ourselves, we take out our pencils afies. rIs it true when they say they hardand books and proceed to'ehrohicle thd fui-- f ly, hoW how to lve ' Yes. They live so ' Ailment ot inspired words broihet agev: I Qtravagan tly they" are; not able to' pay their think those who are interested, will find 'tithirigand'their pfrerings to the Lord that matter in this Gentennial year tboccupy are requirea; as Saints. When I " their leisure moments in " 'reflect rion' thp circurnstarices we are in as narrating! fori the - benefit 0 of future generations. ' ra.1T Saints, surrounded "wifh the : blessings of Excuse so long and rairitiling a ietterJ I Lord add we make such foolish and i'the Give my love to all the folks. :! wicked use r6f them'; andr?how ungrateful May the Lord bless you and guide you in we are for them, it seems strange that tho all your labors by the inspiration of His' Lord is so good r to usjvhow merciful Ho is - vthat He Spirit, is my desire. . . does not; permit our enemies to come upon us and drive us from our homes, T Yours affectionately, . , (which liS been TdoneTrequently) how much longer will the Lord-- bear with us as a peoWe are certainly as a people follow- ple?. r the fool ish;fash ions of Babylon. Pkovidence, Cache Co., ' Out Bocidty-receivegood advice and sistance from bur W6nby Bishob. who is al- '., ways ready - to : encOurago us in our labors. Editor Expoxeut: vurmeaas are--j i in itodr but the sisters do- Our Belief Socfety was 'organized April nate all that is required to sustain the poor, 27, 18G8, under the counsel ;of Bishop W. helping towards'-thmissionaries and: tho Budge. Prom that time up to the present templeshares in theCo-op-. store it has progressed very favorably.; We have and have a firstclass knitting machine.with endeavored to do all in pur power to'comfort which we to do all the knittingln intend aud bless the poor, the .widow, the fatherthe place."- The sisters made a quilt for the less and the sick. Wo hold regular month-l- y Centennial, now wehave sent It to the Pair ineetiags beside special ones: which 'are in Salt Lake City.' called on. certain occasions, The listers At a recent meeting of tho brethren some manifest a kind and affectionate spirit toexpressed adeiro that wo should celebrate wards each other, willing to listen to and the 24th of Ju!y. The Bishop proposed that -- truth-denyin- g, self-lbvib- -- g, lirophet-denying,mis-calledChristianprle- 8ts . lie " ; ! 1 i -- ; ! . fn-rt- "arid-fulfilmen- t:" ho i . j . ! . x:: - jufr 27, im - nI i .;:, 7 ;pleasureof wUriesiiig aud the people 1 have In"t : ? " ' . ,f;T?, The scenes! have Ijad the I escrlbedr would perhaps -' terestyoUpand. the' pther.' friends at home, seenjlfapily letter WF-l;Xni'$Very.- I g I writing, and wiU lyypd;to;'t'papn for tho1 fSxhibiUoii anjd the notable who attend There are spm things that, don' t of ten it lntnihfi-mnerthat Interest mAmrrn i n a appreciation of the .yrcjrU .tjiat', absorbs the ftttention.andVis JJo. deH'ght of missionaries makes' it a pleasurp! to write you. ,Of course : I have riot doneuclipreachlug while trav-'oc-one feeai' city JIq another; but ! ellng .from f . ; : . , cslonally J hayehad'pppdrtunlty.Wadvo-- t r cate our.d6c(rineH,io.sbjpq of the people who v trayeV by my side n jthe cars,"whbm I meet r ; in the :r&nffhgU8s' and hotels, in the art galleries and museum;, viewing monuments and parks, and' Inthe various associ- - ntions mat" are iormea py travellers. Since .1 came olew.IIneIand I hava v. been devotedjo a few;poor, humble British who,' crowded to; the hackstreetsof Sam' x thd manuacturlnk to wnsyarp trying to live - ? . prices," and'arev consehtly,' with' g6od waives, getting. In debt, and getting farther . from Zion than' they were bofpf o they left ' : : ... Jtheir 'AlUoh. .Etill-'-a epark.cf that fire" thit ills .ihd 1 caul , with! llb't and;ih( hear ts ' of the people wilK lbve,' U found glimmering ia their breasts, and when you -I ; . ! : -- or-tne- m : ifi - -- - 1 . . . : .r-.- ing-afte- . s as-v- ' '. , :r-"- -- e Vo-hav- '- -' e 