Letter of Publius Sentilus to the There is a man among us who is called Jesus Christ. He is accepted of the people as a prophet. His own disciples say ho is the Son the sick, restores ght ioJtheJblindhearlnglo the deaf, and raises the dead, In conversation he is rnild and amiable; his carriage is graceful and modest; in reproving ho Is terrible, yet gentle and forgiving. In person ho is tail and comely; his nose and mouth are beautifully lormeu; nisTiiirnrmouei or Grecian Sculpture underlaying a heavy beard; his eyes like diamonds, indicating great wisdom and penetration, comprehending everything at a glance; bespeaking great compassion for the poor and unfortunate. His hair waves in flowing curls over his shoulders in oriental stylo after the manner of tho Nazarites. He has not been known to laugh, but frequently weeps; in short his whole form and carriage are without blemish and his exterior beauty surpassing all tho sons of men. CONCLUDED ft-sia- ht ex-ce- pt - It is seventeen years to day since I took tho marriage vow, and promised to be a true and faithful wife. And as the inMon. aries are to start again tomorrow, wo have had a dinner; tho first good meal I have had tho honor tf cooking. Thero were of us, brothers Lambert and wife,Woolley md wife, Pack, Stringam, and Molen, myself and little Millie. For dinner, I made a loaf of bread, a nice cake sweetened good with very brown sugar, four applo pies, (from apples that toy dear mother dried,), rtr wed ful. .... In a late number of the Exponent, I noticed a finely written article upon the beauties of Nature. I am greatly in sympathy with the waiter of that effusion. ' From a child I have- been much given to contrasting the works of man, with .the works of. His Maker. By bringing even the tiniest specimens of heaven's designing hand under the microscope, and noting how precisely according to the exact rule of its formation, the smallest flower, for instance was organized. How certain its progress too, springing into life, blooming into its delicate-beaut- y for awhile, then fading, dying and vanishing from sight. Yet in its disintegration there foils from its minute but nu. merous chalices an almost infinite number of atomic germs of life of flower life eternal. Going out and upward from these small thoughts, my eyes were opened upon the fact,, that in all the works of Deity ,4he law of composition and of decomposition is always the same under the same circum. stances, that though He .... "Forms tho sWnlng worlds,""Makoa the cricket sing," - ' ". . I. CoRAY. M. Coray's Ranch, York Station. Nov. 14. 76. MATTER AND SPIRIT. JANE E. MOLEN. of the arrival of the Pioneers at "Monopohoko" (Salt Lake.) I often look down the pasture, and think how good it would seem to see a whito face flnnroachinci coUi oann tHjV.U O v wvvyAA 'Of that, fs t here. But I am quite busy trying to learn tho language, and have no tinio to get lonesome. I shalLnot have so cnod n ri to learn when Simpson goes away, he is so patient in teaching me. He will soon start for another island, and will bo gone until conference time. The natives are thick around me, so that I can scarcely write. They are gathering, to make arrangements for a feast; our houso is their place of gathering for such affairs, and it is generally very lively with their noise. "Wo have eight rooms, three verandas, a niepjargecook house, and no mud. It may rain for hours and as soon as tho sun comes out, you may walk ourwithout soiling your feet. Grass grows even on the ro.tks. You may spade your garden, and in a few days grass springs up and looks green. 1 never saw so clean a place. Tho water in as soft as rain, very warm, but I do not notice it now. I am getting used to everything doing without vegetables. Sorry we not did bring seeds with us. The brethren havo not tried to raise a garden. Simpson has been trying to get a few seeds hero and there, and has a garden started. I have not seen a melon, or anything but sweet potatoes in tho vegefablo lino since wo came. Al-wis- e, For tho Exponent. BY MRS. it in honor though the heavens and earth fail, not one xie jot or titue oi iiis woru simu ja" umihavand is Omnipotent as well as ing said "the just shall live by faith, ,ana that not of themselves it is the gif& of God," That no one can enter intix His kinerdom who is not boln just ana faith to-da- y. FROM HAWAII. -- It is Saturday, but I shall" tcaclr ttrinako' up for last Monday, which was tho "Twenty. Fourth." Our good brethren celebrated - - Senate of Rome. extracts from letters are laid in great understanding, that His decrees are inevitable, that which "He ha two chickens which I bought1' of a ' native woman, and made a nice gravy. Then j we had salt beef, sweet potatoes- with butter and pepper, and lpoi." I imagine you laughing at toy dinner but you need not. I saved things for over two weeks, preparing for Brother Wooleyl made me a present of some nice pine apples, cocoanuts and a paper of figs. DESCRIPTION OF CHRIST. THAT OTHER WILLIE. BY IiEIiLE FRENCH. , ---- . or 1 still tho fact of law of order of all atoms and all masses, is an' inevitable conclusion. Then I said to myself, this being so, that aii inviolarJawthjitcannotJtKj:changedy rules all matter, that everywhere, like, must cleave unto like,: that tho chemical Affinity of substances are resting pr the condition, and properties of each and every ultimato atom of matter that enters in to', tho structure of the vast Universe of the great Creator. That inert atoms must construct themselves by their own forces and characters into such masses as they were made to bo associated with, "and 'cannot combine with those elements whlcH aVe not of their kind, or endowed with such' cor. responding forces as shall bind them together. If all these be so exactly hcW by the laws of their creation, what ttierr shall we .say of the immortal, or quickening element of life in vegetable, animal, or man. Ijeav. ing the two first wo are most concerned iu tho high powers and endowments to' that being which, wo aro told, wasgiven formed L In the likeftess of.God-m- alo and female man and wonian-a- nd who was first quickened into life by tho breath of the AI- mighty. Even to, and more also shaU not God know the lyings Ho has so created Has lie not made, and will he not control those children of His by a law as as do-- . terminate as the law by which just, tho worlds were poised in such position as., should certainly induce in them movement, which those orbs must make, in order to follow the orbit marked out for them when He drew tho circle in the heavens,. and' calculated the just proportion of every furco ami power which should keep them in the track which He had assigned to them. ' ' Notto follow this subject further at this time, for I never have much leisure, my conclusion has been this. In view of all ' tho visible acts of God, I must conclude hr;t, that every law of God i jusf, Hij actg 'Willierwhy don't you go and play with the boys and not bo forever stuck at my feet?" : Such was Mrs. Gray's impatient question, one day, when her little son came and seated himself in the parlor when his mother was conversing with a visitor. "I would rather be with you than with tho boys," he answered timidly. "Oh, I never saw such a baby!" "Is it wrong to wish to be near you, mother?" said the child, and his nether Hp trem. bled as he spoke. "Wrong? of course not. But you are ohT enough to have some manliness about you. See, yonder are Will and John Gowdy- - on the ice. Run and keep them company. I want to talk to Mrs. Brown." "Isn't he a queer child," sho asked. The other raised her sad eyes and fixed them with such a painful expression on tho mother's face, that for a moment Mrs. Gray almost felt offended. She was a sorrowful looking woman this Mrs, Brown. "I had a son once, but he's gone,0 she. said at last, and there, were tears in rhor """" " : .. eyes., Mrs. Gray gazed at her wonderingly. She had not known this before. It is a bitter thing to tear open partially healed wounds," Mrs. 'Brown continued,5 "but I will tell you my story: "Several years ago I was about to givoa party ; a grand affair it was to be, and my ' head was almost turned in making prepara tions. My Willie, (his name was Willie too,) was about 1G years old. He had never been to school, I had educated him myself. At home, ho was all a mother's heart could desire; but he was shy, and when I forced him into company ho appeared so that I often felt ashamed of him. awkward, This was ono reasoi of my to deciding give a party. If ho was obliged to act the part of host ho would overcome his bashfulnoss, I thought. , 5 self-possess- ed ; But Willie never approved of it. "I shall be so glad when the party is over," he said one day; "for since you havo got it into your head, I have lost my moth.' cr." y "Poor littlo baby IV I.respondcd, slightly . provoked at.his lack of interest. "I wonder how ixfcny,.nwre years I shall havo voU tied to my apron string?" I spoke sneeringly, nnd a proud flus'liyinstantly overspread iiis face. , "I will bo tied there no longer," he r turned "I will seek other company in tho future." I was frightened at tho" result of my1 ' words. Still I madeno resixmse. son My putting on his coat and hat, went out. It was the first time in his life' he had out without informing Tno'l whero: he gone was gomg.--y- ; 'vr'M-- ;y;s. In good time Ui'T,artV fiimnflr Tfc ,flq . a gay affair, aiic' wmq were gayer than Wil- -:- - , - : . 1 , ; " 