WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 150 'WAN'S. THE there beep as there should be at all, conventions 1 for the public weal, ladies present. , , EXPONENT. ; -- I iUCL;E RICUARDS,. WELLS. ! V J Editor. .'i: In Salt Lake City, Utah; Terms- On ropy one year 52.00;' one copy six monttisy Tea' copies or jtbc price of nine. Advertising 11.00. rates; -- Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one : time, 12.00; ' per month,1 $3.00.- A liberal discount to 'Ai' regular advertisers. ;.:.;;". ,:jr !it( ' Exponent Office,1 corner ef South Temple,1 and First East streets, opposite Eagle Gale- Business hours from' 10 a; nil lo 5 p.m. every day except 8unday.L Til " Address all business communications to n IX, l'-'- A 1; ""r " Publishers Woman's . ; Salt Lake Ctyi: Utah f r 'is Published semi-monthl- y, - - -- EitdXBr,;"" SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH , 15, of ha Wofterri eard (h6jrewar-rfeC6iitly-that women thought ih'ey were going' to revolutionize, society. .Is there not ah imperative j - need of some pqwerJTul revolutionizing ' renovate modern society?'. Who has audaci the ty to say no? EyeiyJ&fyfie are sickening reports of wickedness to high places, r. I of dishonest , business .transaction s, . of corrupt I The; practices. prevaijing fashions;; and cus-- . toms of society among! those .who ; hold lofty positions, and their individual anxiety1, for ostentatious display is calculated to engender : dishonesty and vice They must live in acer- - tain style, must appear abroad in suitable appointments,' their wine," cigars, rhorsesrt etc. J' must be in- aer;nird:inrft tolrlv f.hr?r nrKsifinn , and ...... t :; vj if their income is meagre,' either the national treasury must Funer or omcr aisnonest means or practices be resorted to. Can this last al- ways? Will there not come a financial as well r as political crisis,' unlesssome great revolution t transpires? If? honest men possessing brains and a ' moderate education are willing to bo -t ' ;to - ? ; ; . i rity, it would seem! women are not. rWomen in tho pasf.were hbtallqwed to have any voice i L i n matters perta in i og to: the gen eral wel fare; f mWl-- n men "taf"nltr t.hprpfnrft fhfv their laws but to do their thinking; for them, k But thanks to a broader education of heart and bmin. hin. fdW hmvfl wnm on anil snmo liKnrhK minded men; onegreat rati ical change lias been- - ' l s affected in ihis respect, ami intelliirent educa- n ted women claim the privilege, of doing their.o wn thinking. Jf ;there are wo- men who thrink from .coming forward and chiming the light of citizenship, it is .only the custom ana the; inher- laultot i ted prejudices imbibed from ' their ancestors, and with which some are so thoroughly im- bued that it will take . time." to eradicate it. Could they become convinced, of thoi Vgreat pood possible to be attained bv universal Wo- man's Sufrrage,Thow; gladly toildt the come to the rescue; ' Many of evils how that pervade society Iwould be mbderated to a wonderful degree,' Jf women could assist in making and eiforcing ' the laws. Men guilty of heinous crimes. .against "monil 'decency would not walk boldly forth amSrig the. I ; " ' ) : W .. M 9, M are highly p$ In looking at a Jlarg on the ground floor, we thought they. wereexcellentV.the toning, lighting and posing compare very favorably with the best imported specimens. In Fact, they are hard-t- o beat. In connection with, and forming apart of thejt)usiness, is the m ture of picture frames, presided over b$ Osborne Angell. Pilesjof moving in all styles, await his sawand plane, The operating room has for Its presidihggeniu patience must be 'observe' by" a phot6groph . operator, and in; thisiVhe excells.. JThe ajting . room is ,in charge .of ?B,Xidoiitlkv - jn!facte very thing has Jbeenhe eijo!er the i s all 2Mr-cB-l appoint'npeip ngaUeiyifiraUclass Jin assures us that new attractions will be added cas fast as ;possibIe, Ye are ,proud tjpoint'to the fact that in the ;matter 0 artjUtahsot - behind any of the Territories.. Our citizens cannot do better than visit thftgaUery and see If our conclusions are i not well foundept We wish him, and all others who- seek to Jmprpye, ahu i tlaht success. ; pae ' " . v : V ... ; , 5 - ? i:r -- v.. WITH THE; A--TAL- Glrit'; My Dear YounQ Friends: r i Wishi ng to have a J i tle, phat , with ? you, , or ratherto: make a few remarks,, whifh J hope wiliidqrBO jUjrough the columns of the ExpONENT.If ble paper is as universally read by.the ladles of this community as it deserves, I have no doubt but the few lines I may writer .will recei,ve some little attention, and I bnmbly trust they will answer the puriiose for whiclr they were !. ? willrsobenefitv l valuable communications are laid over until next issue for want of space, also items of home affairs worthy of note. Died in the 20th .Ward of Salt Lake CUy v 2 ;:il'Ti?'l ;'written-.. of diseafts of the heart and dropsy, Petrea Elil-- ! I wish to spea' of facts as they exist, and try ebth MatleaCMadsen Leonard.2,Born in Den-the folly at least mark,3lHrch Hth 1820. Baptized "intpliFel. , and convince j someofTyou aiifiii fls'dd. of acting as manbT out Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints Kow. giris you'us'n't take, offence' -1- 854. . Emigrated, to Utah in 1855I may sayas, it Is but'a short time'sitice Bradford Leonard Feb. 1858, died in I. was a youDg.'girlmyeeilfj1 and 'I 'am"' still a City on the lGth of Feb. 187G. young woman; nevertheless 'f1;1 feel hetter . Deceased leaves a daughter, brother and sis-- i ter to mourn her loss, but they rejoice that she . " able to understand, 'and regre a Kt girlhppd, than I did a fef earsttg'. endured faithful through her many trials ln whn life, and died in hope of a g'orioijs resurrec-- t J alOb,' how vain the regrets tore a . we arrye at an. ago. o more JUdgiaept, '. ; u , tion. ' :' ' i.; Z. :;.:.l.li:-:.lLthe for misspent' ' hoursyt,f j ihopjrortupitie of 7 t '1 v. Died at Pine Canypn Tooele: Co., January doing good to others, and of stonng.ourf inuds ttih 23rd1875of inflammation of the stomach Mart useful knowledgte,, against j tha S. Smith, daughter of Moses and Isabella f time of age, which som'e;of us have almost, enMartin and wife of Adam G.Bmith. Deceased tirely neglecfed. LT hough' , we are- ;apt o. be was born in Alton, Madi-oCo., Illinois, Aug. igUilty, all through 1 ife,of spend ingour, lives' Jin useless regrets,: Instead of profltingYby past 20, 1S32. She'.was a kind mother, a loving sister; an affectionate daughter, and an amiable wife. 'experience and Improving the ptesent, " ' . T I r-- " thetrrile They - :1 ; SfcVEitAL -- - Mar-rieoT- at-ajhy-- thing to -- : : Saltke . voice In their judgment : HOME AFFAIRS. eq r T 1 ; ' r -- . , own individual': enerfirv.Hemnlovinir ' x O in ?n seven f persons hesides himself.- fnnr frenfio.J men and three ladies. The ,Ietaiistorphoto-- , graphy have no strongerJvdeWtees. than the attachees of his establishment; . some are busy printing the photographs hy. the solar ray, others are deftly putting on the finishing touches.) -- . ld . i : the-people-he- 1 dn-rrmrm- i - Gpd-give- long-continu- We invite ; thattehtiph of ; our readers to the n ew dyertinnt friend C. . . T TTin '1 !iV nn. n uaa6c xiw, jJc?M(, Blurry 43 wiinpui UOUbt the finest Jn the r jcky jountain region -- u 1 -- ; 1 - n1lr-wrr- assembly know of the wants of the' people of Utah? How are they representatives f the people? What do they know of the rights or wrongs of this xmmunity? How long have they been here, and for what object did they come? To regenerate the people of Tjtah? 80 "report says. "&od save the mark J" Kegenera-tor- s who cannot; even treat each other with common courtesy in a public cohvention! ' ; :Tfie conventions of women dffTer entirely in tone and character from this. We should like to ask some 6f these "honorable gen tlemen what they knowibout the settlement of thi8.Ter'ritory.,f. If they would like and thMtU? interested persons, who would usurp their :,Tight0,eektoT,restroy; , thfi insUtutions'; they; had sought foryearswith time and capital, to establish, endured privations, toil and untold 8ufTeringp, to found a system by which they and their children might be benefitted, and ' their condition improved. ; i . c:r There are women: in Utah be fore whose elodelegates would stand quence these- would-be- appalled were they to tell them of their suffer- ings wnen driven into the wilderness. And bow they would rob them of their dearly bought freedomi'polltical, Bdcial, and religious right Let such inenrjewarew They cannot do it with impunity. There is another side to this question ahd there are women who know how to defend it. ryehgeahceIs mine, saith-' the Loid, and I will repay." A : " nd here we would siiggest ihat many thanks are due from the women of ' this Territory to those brave and valiant ladies who so faithfully plead the cause of Woman Suffrage for Utah, in the halls of the National Capitol. ; v .y we We know w.hereot speak. We came to was a barren wilderness; this:Country ,when it terrors of the the desert, the Indians, having buffaloes,? and wolvea to encounter. Bhame on the men who would seek to deprive a people of the rights they have so dearly bought. The r ii; ,y;f.; subject is ex haustlesa. TEven supposing erroneous are to entitled the privil- - ) religious Views, they of ege citizenship by every right of humanity. We have no; hesitation in; saying there is a future for Utah: and her people of which this !" nation will yet be proud. ' ; J ete-.ment- . ase 1876. r UTAH AKD VoiTAN S DPFKAGR - " - . re-bapti- in that august What do those men who Eat 1 - . f;he leaves a husbahcl. arid one child; she was one of the first in the . ward to go, be and was a faithful, member of the Retrenchment Society and' filled' trie offlce'of Treasurer. HerJast words, 'after she bad called her husband, father and. in others brothers and sisters together and .' kissed thdm,"were for them not to grieved for' sHe rwasJ going just a little before them; she then asked for her little boy, kissed :him anii(,jbreathed'herlast,. just as if she had been ihto jsielepV ' " too would: share in the Jgnomihy nddi?grace ot their1 'victim"?. . Their sins would find them cut. Would there have been such a lisgractful offense against order and good behavior at the Republican convention in this 'city .last, week' if women had formed part of that body? Emphatically no! . They could not havo- - defied the laws of good breeding as they did, hal - , , )- iwej l . ' : . . - ; - ' ' -- jiptry h . - n . 