V mO M A'N 30 the ; woman's exponent: LUL A GREJCXB BICUARDS , EtfJIELINE JJWEMA i ' Such statements as the; above could not be tralymade ofourTnation had the homes for the past century, exhibited the respect and honor which should be shown to the great principles of honesty and industry. The home of the truly industrious is generally the home of true happi' ness, and such should be the home of every Latter-da- y Saint. , ., ..... Editors. ofthV-Uniteilitat- i per montb f A liberal discount to 3:0. regular advertisers1. -- '"' :": " "ZT77Z' &X P O KENT into intrigues and commit crimes as a means of obtaining a Hvlehood." ' Published Bemt:mwitWy in Salt Luke City, "Utah. Terms; One copy. one year, mOO; "one copy she months 1.00. Ten copies for the price of nine. AdTertlalng rates; Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one Ume, S ExpnentOfflce, corner f Son th Temple, and TIrst East streets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m;rery day except Sunday.. Address all business communications to -- . Publishers "Wojias's , A WORD TO Extosest, SALT LAKE CITY, AUGUST 7 1lSTCr HOME HAPPINESS. There are seme convenient places for listening to gossip, where you may hare to near it if you are pleased or otherwise, and all present can put their own construction upon it, and make of i ti perhaps a pretty heavy investment in newspaper columns; it is strange." that people should forget when they are in certain public places that there is anybody there except themselves, those in whom they are interested, or to whom they are addressing their conversation. They will tell all their family affairs, their neighbors affairs, and in fact, you can hear almost anything about yourself or your friends in street cars, or railroad cars etc; And afterwards when somebody writes it and makes a mountain out of the mole- - nil lathes very persons lift up tljeir hands in astonishment and wonder how they got the leading items. That people talk too much is a very common ' saying; certainly they should be careful now s one other important they talk, but. there-i13 consideration and that Where they talk. WTe were on the point of asking a lady the other day whether she imagined herself trav-- . eling in her own family carriage, so freely did she proclaim her domestic troubles and those of herjueighbors to the occupants of the street ' car.' The opinions of people are various and it is scarcely to be expected that a class of persons gathered from different parts of the community! arid previously from different parts of the world , and from all classes of society, should draw the same or even similar' inferences Then? there is from a casual conversation. in the organization, of perhaps a inajority. of people at the present day a proneness to exaggeration, and all these things considered 13 it any wonder that people's private affai rs are and often made public, and so highly colored as to assume an altpgether uh: familiar bearing? People who profes3 to live conscientiously and to be guided by the spirit of truth should certainly try to check any spirit or Influence of evil and live in a different element. And if people will talk scandal or gossip let such understand they can have it : VThere are some sweet wor$ which never become hackneyed, however much they may be used; and home is one of them. "Home!" "QurhomeH! But how do we understand the term? Should the habitation in rivhlch jarring, unkind expressions' are common, where lore and confidence land tender sympathies are wanting be kndwri by that sacred name? Wo 1 ! must MminnaniieeaTwoMOT But ifl We take i t, heme means a place of enduring cheer. A place of rest, of n and weary. A: qu let repose for the social freedom and gladness which place of can never he found outside the hallowed precincts, in the cold, earless world. It is not perfect home if the strength and vigor of manhood, with its protecting, furnishing care be wanting; or if the calm, pure inprofaned.-- : ' care-wor- i fluence of womanly grace and gentleness be not there;or lacking the sweet music of iehlld-ren- 's voices. But all these powers must be delightfully and harmoniously blended to make a home complete. Then there are certain individual characteristics to be possessed'by each mernber of a family, and certain household rules ito.be observed, which combine to make home what it should be, really the dearest, brightest, happiest place on eaith. Among the very first princU pies to be inculcated, should be strict .honesty and industry.- - Where these two, important items are justly regarded, it is strange if all the other pleasing virtues do not shin forth with their proper lustre. Jlonesty and industry are surely the. founders of;cheeifulness and of order J; they have much to do In a general, way, with temperance and with all the l-emotions. The enjoyment of all real pleasure depends greatly upon the possession and use of these principles. No bread is sosweet as that which is earned by honest industry, no sleep so' refreshing as thai won y the same bles ied medium. to afreeehoePnd has Ttiet)oyh4lient no concern "about the finding of v board and clothesctttnever prize the blessings of an education so foully as the one who pays the world for all he frecelveV of it by his own honest labor.'; Says a great philosopher of the present age'we have.'a nation of thieves and mtirder-ers- ; fAxid why lathis? Is it the5; man who Is oecomes a, tniei ana a raisea fa iarmer-iuamuro!ejeJr??!NpI Is ltjtha 'one who has been raised, a mechanic or a mason? Nol Buch men-cafinil honest employment by which to earn a UvingjfrBut those who are, sent to free schoolSjVand are4tben turned but upon the warld knQwrng;nothio rpfiwofk or: how to sustain themselves hontstly$ are the mVn who enter devotiona- , . " - : 1 i r -- all to themselves. IIOME.AFFAinS, 1 1 i '. s "ee-"pecia- ' ; ' THE WISE IS SUFFICIENT. ; ' cs, . twelve. To all the sisters whe are: seeking information in this branch of science, a generV al invitation is giveu. We publish below a brief synopsis of Mrs Shipp's Introductory lecture. She opens her lecture by soliciting the leniency of those to whom she Is speaking in consideration of her inexperience, but is most anxious if she possesses any .knowledge which will benefit them to aid them in the pursuit they have undertaken and help to lighten their tasks, if she ean do this effectually, then she will have gained her object After speaking at some length on tho subject of medicine and the qualifications necessary for the attainment, of any proficiency in the fdence; shrsays, with us as a people there should be no such word as fail," for in addition to the natto aid us ural capabilities of faith and the spirit of revelation." She then points out a few of thetiecessary to the successful student of medicine. First a natural love for the profefeslon, both theoretically and practically. Second, a strong will and firm determination of purpose that no conmon obstacle can hinder. Third, The nerves should be strong, with power to control 'the emotional nature. Fouith, The physical system In the highest Mks. EliseM. Shipp, who; has been E&jit recently, studying in the Woman's Medical CoN lege in Philadelphia, has opened a series of lectures to the medical class of ladies in this city, who have been engaged in the study of medicine and obstetrics for some time. Dr. S. B. Young has taken great pains in lecturing to this class for a long.time. , He has labored with a great deal of zeal and perseverance to give them all the Informatron possible in couriL-- of lectures. They "commence every Saturday morning at ten o'clock at the Ofllce of Woman's Exponent Mrs. - Shipp's lectures will be glvea immediately after,iifrom ele?ea to s lly wXM,! pre-requisi- tes state oXJealti-perfeticr- '" Fifth, Suitable Sixth, Competent teachers. text-book- st Seventh, Clinical advantages. ' Eighth, Undisturbed time. These are only a few she thinks, yet they are the most essential. Love for the profession, she places at the head of the list, . believing it to be of the greatest importance, knowing that love for any object or pursuit, is the best incentive for earnest work and application" She points out the many attractions the study presents to those who desire to gain truth and light and to feast their own "soujs, and then adds that to benefit and bless our fellowi creatures, is the greatest and: grandest aim of mortals; that in God's kingdom there should be no thought of but the welfare of His people." She advises those who enter upon this t)r any other field of labor to fortify .'" themselves against all interference and discouraging influences, and after saying many plain and excellent things with regard to this, she says; "that with a resolute will and faith in God, none can surpass the women of. Utah whom $ the world pities so supremely." She- - has said so many good things that it is hard work to cull out the main points, but we have not space to pubiith more than these few items, but will add her ' V closing remarks. "The teacher in any phase of life, assumes great responsibility, for it is no small undertaking to attempt to express ideas in the most forcible manner and present them to 'othersln their Jhatjjgbt which will sjonesjnium minds. EspcTally is it so'when: our intef" views are limited to one a week.1 It has been a subject of much thought' and reflection with me, how and what to give you that will prove most beneficial;! desWto gite'yjou'ideM that will prove the greatest practical TheneSt The long,hard names in Anatomyy irv fact1 the dull abstract-ideain as mere facts only, with which- to tatUhermemory will prove of very little utility1 In1 yoiir present circumstances. j s any-branchgi- vea f - Editor Exponent: After spending many days at the great Cen tenial Exhibition in Philadelphia,- et V6urse admiring the dlflhrent specimens of ths inven' v - 