AVflMJN-'Adopted r whatDeenuntold r ju"wui, uiaj and pined beneth who have languished wefe vthafrowDS ari per- haps far beneath them in every, virtue and anaral principle, that help tQ constitute a good lettable character. yi,et those w.ho are with-,ou- t eiu, cast tbe first stone," were the words .of our blessed Saviour, and what a happy world it would be if we would all follow these teachingsr i is ji duty we owe to pur God, and creatures;ito aucotlrageery good .principle, and put our foot on thYt which has " An evil tendency. That the Iord will help us to do" so, is the grayer of jour sister ip the Gospel! " .ur-fellbw - .. a:: 'L : ". iPaisi BearLake Co., Aprc lsf, 11 - ers.- - Eaijh suffer ing d . -- .j.--.- .' . " -- - 4 r Tr Jrt iUliil 1S76. , ? May, 21st '76. JSditoy JSxfonent: Although we. have had a hard winter ..and a. cold iiack ward jprlngabLstill alive to the interests and welfare of the kingdom of God. We were yesterday called upon, to pait with our much respected and esteemed Sister Mary T Tti rv rVi for a Clia hnuliaan oti InvalSrf fni con. era! years,, and great sufferer. Her funeral serPresident: C. C. Rich vices took place delivered the 'funeral ser pqod.ih- - -ri "f uur oceiy meetings are goou, ana tne sisters eeem to take a lively interest i n doing whattey can towards helping to build up to-da- . age neyTo art a pon, and shoui d h& ea pahl e of comprehending right from wrong." We should. improve odi- - time instead of spending it in idleness and i frivolity. We riiay v "think we have plenty of time hereupon the earth, but remember we have none to lose, 4 and if each of us will live our religion as Saints' ; we will be prepared true Latter-dawe fbr the coming of the- - Messiahf-but- if will allow our minds to become darkened, we will be cast ont from His presence; then we will wish that we had improved the opus, and had portunities that'Twere-befor- e t n h er J. hut it ve Fa nea r oa lived rerr ;Hea y will be too late then. Now is the time that re must do right and live our religion. If we always lived as we should there would be no need o t Re t re nchme n t, but we t h I n more of following the fashions of the world than, we do of our religion, hence these meetings were organized for our good, to ; help us to a spiritual education, and if wo come here with a firm determination to put into practice the teachings which we receive from time to time; and strive o prepare ourselves to' ilive lives of useftilnesSj wo will derive much benefit. The most of us have been taught from 1 of those our Heavenly Father, has chosen to lead us here upon the' earth; i f we re verencethe . holy p ri est hood we prove our devotion to ou r Eternal Father to whom we owe all earthly happiness. Then let us cultivate and express true charity in every thought arid act of life. speak y Hyde Park, June 2, '7G. SPLINTERS. FOIIKIGX. Queen Victorja's new title of Empress of India, meets with approval in Russia The Kiner of Dahomey has been fined by : .. l. i: n. jjiinsii gu vuruiiieii i my .UCnn inv: jJt'iiimuuj,' slave trade in his dominions.;. ...The Pope has replied to King Alfonzo's letter, thanking him for the same, but wishing to avoid discussion, and that Spaih need fear nothing from thei newn8titution......A'dvicesr Jrom Rio Grande City '"'report Gen. Diaz7 as ret r ea ting, su fferi n g from scarci tyo t and desertion of daily occurrence...... Ninety members of the House of Commons r-!- ; our. infancy,' y, that Mofmonistir was true; and - Jt- because our paren ts so; but now wo are old taught enough and it is necessary that we should have a testimony for ourselves. If we have doubts at afiy time,we hould seek the Lord in prayer aric? ask him to enlighten our understanding, arid if we ask Him in faith and humility He will assuredly give us His holy spirit to enlighten our minds; and we will have a living testimony within us; A. S. wejiayerlieed us have : mf w:a-te- r, have signed a memorial, asking the release of the Fenian prisoners. -- Although our climate is fugged and coldj we , are blessed with health there is little or no sickness at this time The grain is beginning to make its appearance out of the ground; but never mind, we have our spring time up here, if it is in July. Your paper is read with, g; eat interest, and duly appreciated; 1 always feel when I take it up to read, as though I cannot lay it down have jtead every jtemin-itr-Ytm-lr- ffv my best wishes for your progress and welfare. Yours Truly, v ; v.lSl,:,;.....;..r ; . kind." Charity 1 jLiAiiUOAlWAis CHAitttY. likeereydrpppethe Ihegentla J'ainlfmni JiMven, during the summer, part of the time in a cold'frarne, with brush on tho sash to shade them. In the winter put them in the sunniest spot possible; then they will gro wand-blooall winter, requiring very litie ' - m 1 wa-te- r. .'X When house plants are troubled with in- sects, set the plant on the floor, place a near it with a live coal small from the fire on if, then sprinklo some fine tobacco on the coal, cover botlf plant and shovel with a large clothand give it a good smoking. When sufllciently smoked '.wash'-it with warmisuds. then in clear wate " y fire-shov- -- . cui iur vviiiiur bhuuiu as early as June, and the new leaves ed off fora few weeks before pottingl: You may regret this treatment at first but they will reward you with steady bloom. For Heliotropes which you design, for winter blooming keep them pinched off during the summer months, then pot them in September, and they will grow large and bloom profusely; give them plenty of sunshine, and all the water they can absorb.' For bo Exponent. upon place beneath, and is twice blest, it blesseth Him that gives arid him; that takes. It is . mightiest in the ; mightiest it becomes Emelini: G. Rich. the throned monarch better than his crown." I am afraid wo do not have true charity at all times. It does not consist merely in reSAINTS? lieving the immediate wants of the poor and suffering and bestowing our: means The question is often asked, are you a with a liberal hanrJ. This is only a part of .Latter-oasaint? w.e answer yes. But our duty. We may be charitable to the riqh do we fully realize the word Latter-da- y as well as Ur the poor, pur fundi often do Saint, do we live in such a manner that we '..not permit us doing- - deeds oTfcharity, but can say with sincerity that we are we can all cultivate charity in our feelings living our religion to the best, of our understandtowards all mankind; (and even had we ing? I. think we do not. We do not real,, wealth tor bestow, it would perchance be iz as we should the blessing and scorned b tome who would no dou bt appreprivileges that we enjoy, and we cannot comprehend ciate words of sympathy and love from us the glory that is in store for those who as priceless boons. We should be very caretrulylive their religion according , to the ful not to judge each other: harshly, and ben v a plan laid down bv our 'Rivinr cause some one does what we think is not children of the same Father, and wo can all t iuiterightj say thejhave a: bad heart and ciaiiu me oiessings. mat tie ha3 nromispd -- their, motives are .evil. Kememlier that uis children if we will walk In the paths God is the great Judgo of all His children, thatHe has assigned for us, and tbllow in . and Hla j udgriieut is far superior to curs; His footsteps. All have acertain amount ofXJ rHistJrigtileousrjudgmentir wo work to perform, arid of trials to i know our friends are doing wrong we should endure, and we must be tested by our own exertions try with all ouri might: to win! them from and experience. IjMve dd not live up to their evil ways,:yet not peak much of their the light arid knowledge which is given us faults to others unless it be tu guard them wTe must suffer the : fu consequence the day from error.- - Show:everem;e for of judgrnent.' Wre cannot throw1 our sins arid never pre&ume'tQlfieak lightly theged oftiiein and wickedness upon the shoulders of oth- or ridicule their looWof factions, lest Go v . I wish to write some of my thoughts on charity ,at the same time, I feel how incapa. ble I am. of doing it justice. It is said H ' ' tr u e charity ih in keth rio e vil and is e ver un-ti- li 4w FLORAL HINTS. : .'- - r,. :. gence. . e(vU Mahy Stuart. : The Young Ladies' Retrenchment Associafinftlv.I Prftnt.- Tlfri tion Is DroDTfiasine" nficn O r O viivii nieets with th'emj and seems to take great interest in their advancement; always giving good counsel and encouraging them to dili7J to us in justico shpuld when we grow old. How pure and noble we would be if we thought no evil, and hov; m uch happier ourr i ves and t hosirofour fellow beings, would become. It is a good rule not to speak anything of a person which wo would not like them to hear; if we can say no good let us speak no evil ; and especially let us not suffer ourselves to onCmus ? -r- Zion. 13 1- Paris, Bear Lake co., Idaho Teh., . EXPONENT. weare tnQtall g:ifted with the same amount of intelligeneebti t we alii ha've our own ; sayeu iu "would have jhearts misefy-ao- . : v el Hoo A Carnosa: This plant is a native of the forests of tropical Asia, where it" is partly parisitical, its roots penetrating the bark of tho trees that support it; we can only give les3 water for rest, as it will , npt bear a low temperature. It is easily rooted by wrapping a branch in moss,' and keep-- , ing it moist until the adventitous roots fire an inch or so lorig, when it may bo cut off and potted. 7 " - i Note - for t Darwix: rry-tree In - tirac the T mulbe- n becomes a ilkgown and a becomes a woman, ; 7 : Wiien fowrneck like n bell? When, ;U is rungfpr; iancr. ia - silk-gow- ,'r . 