SALT Vol. At : "Little by little," 'tfie torrent sall, it swept alonff lts;narrow bed, Chafing in wrath and pride. Uttk by llUlo" aad "day by day," . And with every wave it bore awar A grain of saud Irdnx the banks wbiclf lay - Li!agranit3 walls on either side.. . As It nme a?ain, and the rushing Covered the valley farand Wide, For the mighty banks were gone. A graiu at a time they wero swept away;.. ' And. now the field? furi DieaOows.ia'y Under thj VaVeS. for the Work was done. . . ',' Littleby ilttle," the tempter said, As a dark Vnd cunning sna 10 he' spread For th6 y'OTrigittiirwary feet. "Little by little" and "day by day" , I'll tempt the careless epul astray", Into the broad and flowery way, Until the run b made. complete. "Littlo by little," sure and slow, We fashion our future of blias or woe x present passes away. Oar feet are climbing tbe stairway bright, Up to the regions of endlesa light, Or gliding downward into the night; 'Little by little" and "day by day. , PERSONAL BEAUTY. If the admirers of the brunette tell yott seriously that there is no expression in the blende, that she fails to wear well, that her beauty is of the shallow type, which can be taken, in and digested at half a glance, while' tho brunette grows and grows upon you like a star in heaven, on the other band, the lovers of the blonde have exhausted poetry and language in her praise, and protest qutor as savagely that she is the most porfect specimen of womanly beauty. It is all a matter, of taste, howeversnce "beauty is a joy forever,' whether it be of the maid, or of Fair Eliinor. Wafs it not the "fair haired Helen" who lighted fcK)ls the way to dusty death? Ilavo not both blonde and' brunette swayed the world by turns? If the first Is too colorless and indefinite toplease you, may not the second be too decided in tone? to charm another? . We are fond of saying beaiity: la only as a gentle,, consolation to u . truth those who have it is bred in the bone ;WithVthose wQ lay any positiyo claim to It. You.may rob such a one or the check's !re(rnarvel, af; the eye's lustre, and point crowV feet upon tno face, inf,l irfr linn r cf tMinf nif .iimH rnrtnn f .tVr story. Landor tells us thai' extreme beauty is expressionless; and may it not be that naturo, having . lavished color, , form, ano luarmpnyi upon, one, reserves, expression, for the inharmonious, colorless faces, and': so keeps tho balance good? For expression is alwaysthe highest, the most durable form of loveliness, something with which Time cannot trifle, which improves With age, beside which fine features and vivid tints are ineffectual; and insignificant. In the time it Is evident how great k factor beauty Is, when a dimple can work mischief, when a: pair of: sparkling eyes are worth more to their owner than a fortune, when a coral lip carries .conviction, and a rosy, cheek Is a passport to favor and to good society,. All n none-whiiej- ; t - . . designed by Mr. A. T. Stewart for the ac. is rapidly commodation of working-irirlwill probably approaching completion, and next for be ready occupancy early spring. The building has five hundred rooms, 'which will be neatly furnished and supplied with gas and si earn heat. It is the intention to have good meals furnished at cost prices, that is about fifteen cents apiece.' :; s, ; . - AYOMEN OF THE PAST. Selected. - ; HOW TO MAKE MISCHIEF. Keep your eye on your neighbors. Tako care of them. Do not.let them stir without watching They may do something wrong if you do. To be sure you never knew them . As-th- e nut-brow- by giving a full account of .his father's life after that time., The: book will .probably possess great historical interest, and will be published this summer. The "Woman's Hotel," in New York, . tKIa No. 4. CITY, UTAH, JULY 15, 1876. our prejudices are at the service of beauty at first sight; wo are apt to think it an ex ponent of the inward spirit, the soul shining through, or overflowing into visible form; and wo experience an almost personal disappointment when we find that the manners and thoughts do not correspond to the face. Beauty is indeed at times something utterly independent of symmetrical features, clear complexion, and liquid eyes; "a divine improvisation," which happens to some people whom we are in the habit of calling plain, and develops their possibilities; something that seems to be the radiations of happy thoughts, of a lofty mind. And do not, the countenances ot those wo love always wear a charm that transcends actual beauty, be. the' eyes luminous or faded, the nose retrousse or ftquitinG, tTie hair golden or gray? LITTLE BY LITTLE. " LME skin-deep-r-perha- There was a time when women of rank and affluence were not thought degraded by dressing the fatted calf and baking cakes upon the hearth; when with their pitcher upon their shoulder, they went to the well to draw water for their flocks; and when even royalty kneVv how to appreciate the virtues of her who sought wool and 'flax, and wrought willingly, with her hands; who laid her hands to the spindlo and to the distaff; who made fine linen and sold it, and delivered girdle who looted well to the ways of her household and ate hot the bread of idleness. But time has wrought a change in the circumstances and habits of women of the present age, though there are many of all ranks who are not less usefully employed than were the matrons of anient times; many to whom it may be said, "Give them of the fruit of their 'doings, and let their own works praise them in tho gates." Happy the woman In whom education has united with natural talent to form so important a character and fill so high a place as that of the mistress of afamily. 4o daanyihmgrybadbut it may bojon vour account if they have not. Perhaps if it had not been jbr your, kind care they might have disgraced themselves long ago. Therefore do not. relax; any effort to keep them where they ought to. be: Never mind your own business that will take care of; itself. There is a man;paS3ing. along; he Is looking over the fence j bo suspicious of him; perhaps he contemplates stealing some of these dark nights, there is no knowing what queer fancies may have got into, his ?i you find any symptoms of any one passing out of (he path of duty,jell every onea see e lse what you see and be particular to circulate great many. It is a good waynot benefit such things, though it may . Do yourself or any one else particularly-- dreadis a keep something going-silensilence was ful thing thoughit is said there in heaven for half an hour do not let such a thing occur ori earttip-- it would be too much for this rjdundanc sphere. r ; . ce If after all your watchful care you cannot see anything out of the way in any one, you may bo "sure it is not because they ha ve not done anything bad; perhaps in an unguarded-moment you lost sight of them; throw than they mi hints that they are no better if wonder should be,, that you should not a litpeople found out what they were after their tle while, then they may' not hold somo heads so high. Keep it going, and one else may take the hint, and begin to there help you along after a . while; then, will be music, and everything will. work like a charm. 'There is a Building Character. young and old, which everybody, ' structuro It Is ia- - niMintr. nnch one for himself. called Character, and in it every act of life Is a" stone. If, ; day by day, we bo careful to build our lives with pure, noble, upright deeds: at tho end will stand a fair temple, honored by God and man. But, as one leak will sink a ship, and one flaw break a chain, act so one mean, dishonorable; untruthful or word.wiil forever leavo its impressed '. 1 ps ftbTES AND NEWS. A chart of the moon six feet in diameter is soon to bo issued in lithograph in Berlin. The' 'original chart was drawn by Br. Scmhidt, Director, of the Astronomical Observatory at Athens,' and is the result of thirty years1 labor. Thirty astronomical observations were in some instances required to complete a small fraction of the chart. Tho Prussian government purchased the .., drawing for $10,000. THE great Spanish orator Emilio Caste-laAbnis-quitaccompanied by Dr. Alberto Do and Jose Guarandi will arrive in this country to Aslt the Centennial Exposition about the end of this month, of the Spanish press. Castelar has promised to deliver an oration in Philadel?- phia to his countrymen. Secretary SEWARrbegan an at 1834.1,19 son, Fredraphy but stoppedhas'c'brriplcted-.;thpT.;iwoieric Seward, . r; a let ; auto-biog- -; pharacters. the several deeds unite to form a uay, and, one by one, the days g years, and the years, as will ralse at last a' rautlful ing 'forever to our praise; - ' : TZJTr -- inw : 