WOMAN 'S lis 8ftEPOBT.l V; r Editor ..Exponent: Our 1 tleliergoclety Iolng Velf; and vc fulli report of our. Society, which she will '4- ;seWyou.uv - , .9e started a paperentitled the "Young TlidiesCQSm'; 7whlchcontain3 some very the: jbeh&lf of our home man y factubes l:hopeibeforp longfiwp; 3rlJ bem pentjent, asaf onimunty4Wp7 jhyefiUp stopped rpuhd dancing and close our parties at ten oclock. , We attend bur fast meetings and Sabbath meetings, and Sbbath-scools- ; We drss plaif)Iy4an,d i: thiok. wp all trytto live ouf religion to the best': ofr our ability o sLet us be prayerful anidiitnto UvPisas Saints, and practice good, and -- useful; things while young; so Yhen,we grow.older we can theTOungBistefsr We are rather isolated dicre, being about six miles from the main road through the settlements, and it is seldom that wo have any of the Elders;, or sisters, of, other Belief Societies vMilis;::m caw u ), Lake Salt from Should any of .the sisters .settlements at City: be passing : through jt convenient ribr wi any! time,7and them, we would bo very glad' if they would" caU and see us.. ; ; ;:r ' redeivldf prtfers jtpmisiters Smith and Barney! (through our Bishop,) to make some good strong?durablo 'clothing for th e Indians, and now, have on band quite a lot,; which , we will send dpwn .the, first chance we have. -- I would be: very glad to become acquainted with you;' and all good ; sisters who ; wish well for the prosperity of Zion. ., .; '!,,, ' ".f 1 remain your sister, ;.;. a. . ( s ? us? - m a it it -- 1 . any good enterprise. 7iThe --members express their willingness1 to help and sustain the obedience to Jpresideny shawinglby theirtake in- great any call she makes; they terest in these meetings realizing, thegood to they obtain by paying strict attention the instruction they received .? Jn conclusion I will say, temporally we are 'poor, spirituklly1 humble and socially so. and ready at auy time for the presence instructciety of those 'who are 5capable of rr? - ;.v y e ing us, 1 - - Bespectfullyours;1 cm : B; E. v Manning u. Secretary. 20th Ward, Feb. 28th, 1876. T- IAWIUOj DEAiiyEDiTOB w " March 4th, 1876. .ih; j about writing for not , some tiwe,.but haverneglected it, can being, I iruly ti ' accustomed Keltwritejfofapaper. Sister; the than day fiappler gay I never as rganize-us Eliza BTSnoW yOrjhCTeto alletrenchment Associationind blessed us! twith such great blessings which I can never forget." Therefore I feelto' bless her and bur President brother Jensen for taking; such a deep interest in pur' welfare, and for us organized pthsr things "as weli'as having Ifato thbse societies which iindecd a great I have been thinking : -o- i fu , - -- Lizzie Musseb, Sec'y 5 us- "Marriaqe " said an unfortunate band.5 "is tbo cnurcnyaru, omiuvu 'are the grave- you. men," replied his wife, diggers. : -- . ; ; ., i.J in . HYdlENICKOTE ent f -- President. Association was organized June 23rd, 874, with the following officers: '..t Miss Isabella Martin, rresiaenr, ,7 ft ..t Mrs. Charlotte Steele," Supt, - ' " Eliza Shields- - :)- t( I " jrargaret Smith', ? r K Counselors. Tkt i h v i MdrthalS'hieltlS . v; Theiand'of Seath has been in Our midst and hastaken from us our beloved and ever to bo remembered . Treasurer, Mrs. MarthaSmith and another has not yet ;been (select. icd to fill her place.- ' - ; j; ' Condensed Eggs: process has been devised, in Europe for1 drying;) by a gradual Jieat, the contents 'of eggsbothtrhite and yelk. The)'granular powder thus produced only requires mixing with:' ft sufficient quantity of water to produce readybeat-e- n eggs capable of being used for puddings, cakes, ?etc i --A factory has" 'already beefl established in r. .f ... ' : tuo uavana n ia cipvewyu ior me manuiacuirejana ' the market; be iu soon will 'product In;; il) .'.'VJi Andersen, r J ' 9vr "PiTT cn disli of aninWi.j.f HjL A Ito-trenchm- prop-eyoo- ld . - I attended the efrenchment jmeeting this afterriobn; and f President Miss Isabella Martin requested me to make but a report , of our proceedings ijhere and send" it to you. We meet together Jevery two weeks and enjoy ourselves lurking of thd things perThe members of .our : taining to theGospel. Society feel ita pleasure to coni ply with sthe wishes of our beloved President Young with regard to closing our parties at the time appointed, and have made up bur minds to refrain from round dancing. We aclviseLthgyoJng $erswhhayootryet joined a lietrenchmenfTJ Association , to do so, for it will educate and prepare them for duties in after life, and they will gain experience and confidence in these societies,' and when we are called, to take .active parts in the Church and, Kingdom ot God, ,twe will havjcloverdomejthat feeling fit timwhen vo idity which hfto trying to us alleach other. arise to cpunsel and instruct We have jri pur IloeieWIjlttle. girls from who-arisrand eight to ten years :of 'age,,called e upon, 7ho bear their testimony: when amsaro will be numbered with the noble lwomehpV Zion, and vvlll never forget the einfliienee for gootfwhIehis now 4cing; impressed npou their young minds. Our xrehfyoa;Xort : ( Editor Exponent: ' iniiNsox.. clUiiiinhde tbriifeLtlcpfifistn-- . fitoch 7ih,187C. g BiNl CUN6Nf? -- ' of -- the. 20th Ward Young Ladles Betrenchment . Association, which wasprnizSep;,3rd,-- 875, with 40 members, 55 having been added since. Our President ana Counselors have manifested a deep interest for the progress of our aridk their efforts' have been sue-- 4 meetings c: essfuLt; A: iund,has been created for- the purpose of having means on hand when a Miss &qvm 7 Dear Exponent: k feti ? 5 will excuse this my first attempt, ,ai n nd b&&- Broiling eats:VI gndiron.qyer upc cpais, wio .suaaen jieaii jscaj,uu qutadet,"?luch shuts ii theyiuiccsf Vand. the rapid through! ipplicatioo ot If in moderatelv thin slices. It is then tender ana palatable liose who' never broil their meat, fish. or poultry, do not know tne excellence ot a look; back and see pu r ;Works,r,;iask to bless ps aU.7iApdr:hppingt you the Lord . ::r'YOurs Sincerly, pud-din-a- forj which. we feel L to f honor; our President -- liis LorenzoiSnoWr-f- bf untiringeObrtsin -- creditabla.pieces,- son is editor it is doing much good among i 1 T Jioe jkVelsOaWear . f j e r mr; ? , . h: don't think there imported hat be longingftp- onevor:thi'giris 'Jin.the; spcipty; Js-,on- Celery:-7Ta- kc , : . . OuryoungLadies'' anct Young Men's aluri'Jm Are in; a flourish ing condition. Z he "young lad es ??-,- ? - ; & four or five roots of .celery earful ly "washed and trimmed and boit ins well salted water for nearly half an hour. Brain them, place on a hot dish, and pour melted butter, or a white sauce fiaypred "with some farorite. seasoning, i I n-9ver them f r; o j ' Aunt Mary's ' Pudding: Butter a tart-disSprinkle the bottom with finely minced candied "peel and a very little shred suet then a thui j layer ; of light bread, and so on until the dish is full. For a pint dish make a liquid custard ot one eggand half a pint of milfc, sweeten pour - over; the hake as'sldwly as po3ible for two hours. . Boiled : are making preparation this summer' to hold pur i meetings in &c Sister Taylor, our Secretary, is preparing a ':i i HOUSEHOLD HINTS. . to .build j a house VI- - 1G7 privilege; as, well as.a great blessing ;,toiis I think;it a pleasiirp as iwell as a, dut to send you Areport; of bur spcietyjjYQ haVQ had rveryjnte?etin'nieetingsyg. spirit' always 4seems to attend there, even v the smallest girls arise and bear their 'testimo nies. ;f And .there also seemsVio prevail j a, f fipiri); of harmony and pbejdieiiceff I thnl? they all try to pleasp one another, as); Well as the Lord; They also 3 seem ;to ; imi provein speaking; and. are willing, to retrench from what is required of; them, i.GosjiEN, B&reh 14 th, 17G. 1 i i a E X P O N E N T. j iff Hints oh Entering a Sicklloomi- -r Neyer ente a fact room b of prcsplration, as - thq mo ment you become cool the pores absorb. , vo not -- aJ-statC- . Approacn persons aiuicica mm a couiagioua , urease with aa emptj nor sit between the? sick and .'the firei because the heat attracts the thin, vapor rluch floats about eroom.rt ij ,:f.x i Hot lemonade for s Cold j Got lemonadd is one of the best remedies for a cold," acting promptly tand efficiently and leaying nd bad effects; squeeie slices 'put sufficient su one leniori Dropely,;eut of boiling water. 'gar fith ii and cover nfrjttf a pint ' and be careful bed Prink it just before gbbg io not W expose yourself the next day. It will n prevent attacks of chilli and feVer.'.j b 1 ! of-te- --'- ;lnspIantiag a from a)iealthy; to'a'feeblo person is" a mat-in- g . surgical ojwratwnas is also "rhinoplastyj or ( ft new nose out of flesh of another; parusu-' Tho process ally "thearmT-b-f the same patient diseased ah of science has adyanced beyond, thisj 'bone can be cut out and a, piece' of penostrum or hone, membrane placed 6a e sJwhlcjim ,'the growth of a hew :ytwne' to . replace' - fheold. lately Pnblbj rsfgeou dissecfel, a piece of vrell-lmoW- ! , b -- "membranVfrom a rabbit's , eyeah;pteteitupon 'a woman' s'eyerwhereU tcVr6ot, so u'w.to'pealr, ; and grew; while, in Viexujaj! Uiero etaniatiy j'cascs where 'success has attended the 'transplanting of certain mucous membranes no replace . ulcered ' is' also, a recognized surfaces. Skb-graflbg- ," r,, surgicalopcration.fi Hi jf Ji "v An quantity. impossible Jimonoy; ' hi DIVERSIONS. LIT -- - ir.iib ' ; f .'Mi' much Too :lh-- AVate ring places that remain "open all winter The moutns ol m s. i. two than better heads are ,In what place v " UK-can- i " " one? In a barrel.' are rather 'Relationships and both f far-fetch- ed IpTlreland sometimes, r' Do you know Tom '3Dafl"y, Pat 'lmmine! islt,'Uo once wanted to -- Scotland. ;.Know tald Pat "Shuro he's a'relation of ter ICate." ' ! : .' marry my sis" 