WOMAN' . . WlBlEN'S" SUFFRAGE. "Itecently a public meet ing in favor suffrage, was: held in St. George's Hall, Langharaplaee, Mr. ,Russel of ..London, Gurney, M. P. , presiding The hall was quito full, and among those on the platform were Miss Beckerr Miss Sturge, Mils 'Frances Power Cobbe and Miss Tod.!' . t , ( - . of women's the-Record- er The , chairman, aft or congratulating the audience, upon so largo a meeting, after a teraporarydiscouragement in the House of Commons, went on to enumerate some of the items contained in the Bill which had rejected. --He thought the just recently-bee- n Bill corrected the injustice which , existed and he argued that he could not see consist-- , ency in allowing one landholder or a person occupying house No, 13, and paying: rates, for that house, being allowed to vote, and a person occupying No. 14, and bearing the same, burdens, not being allowed to vote merely because theft) "Was a difference of sex in the two occupants. He denied that if women voted they - would be en titled to the right of sitting in Parliament, any more than clergymen who had votes, but had been prevented for more than a He century from sitting in Parliament. could not see why women should hot have - their views represented: they could not always take the same view of questions as men. He alluded to the complaints coming mostly from wives, sisters, and daughters; the subject of the injustice done to younger sons was also brought up, that the eldest sonscarried off all the property, yet younger 'sons were not excluded from the fran' chise. Miss Becker rose to propose the first resolution as follows: "That this meeting hereby records its approval of the assimilations of the conditions of the Parliamentary, to those of the Municipal franchise in so far as regards the" disabilities of sex, and pledges itself to support the principle by every constitutional means." Before speaking to it, however, she wished to read the following letter: "39 Sloane-stree- t, May 13. k "Madam -tI regret that I cannot comply with your request in attending the meeting ,- at Bt .George.? 'Hall."6rauslofon'lFat account, however, infer that I am unfriend. ly to its object, I have voted in its favor on more man one occasion, and doubtless I shall do so again. It may1 be. as some think that no great advantage at this time would accrue to the country by extending the electoral suffrage, but I cannot see any prin-- ! ciple or consistency in withholding it, es-- l pecially from those whose cause you are pleading. The Legislature has conferred 1 the right on women of voting for their municipal representatives,. of Voting for, (and, indeed, acting as) Poor Law Guardians, and same with regard to School Boards, and the ; they have always been entitled to fill certain parochial offices, and it is never alleged tnat in the discharge of these duties j they I havo acted Jess worthily than men. In most respects, their rights as owners of property are concurrent with those of men. t They can inherit peerages, and, as we know to our satisfaction, they 'can occupy the t Throne, . I cannot see therefore, on what ground it is that they can reasonably be said to be disqualified from upon the claims 6f candidates determininng who seek to represent their interests in Parliament, epeci-- j un4er the peaceful condition in which they wouldxow record their votes. - . "As faa lam the ob. acquainted w J ections usually alleged, I am bound to say S EXPO KENT. in thatiheyl appear to lie those' which have al- ways been offered whenever fresh extension liberty toithe subject has been proposed,, and which' in former years I haVe myself heard' urged against' personal rfreedom in the Colonies,:religious liber ty in this country, the enfranchisement of the working classei, arid against the abolition of overy monoply (political or commercial) whenever it has been assailed. WeihaVe iseen; however, with what little success resistance up. on these jrrdat matters has of late years been attended, and with what satisfaction the results of past changes are now regarded by the country. You, then, have little reason to feel discouragement at the present position of your cause, You have only to persevere,, making it clear to the public that your claim is just and possible to be enfore-ed-an- d that political rights. are.v now withheld where: ther6 is intelligence; and capacity touse themiwisely,and where :the. possession of 'them would afford protection and benefit to those; who demaud them. "With great, respect,; dear Madam, I re4 main your obedie nt servant, HOTJSEIiaLn HINT?;: of. " . 1 G. P. Villi krs. "To Miss Lydia Becker." on a ciotn ana der, leaving it over night. repeat if need be. tions, remarking that although they might not be successful for years, their cause would in the end triumph. Woman's Suffrage would be sure to favor peace, economy and temperance. (Hear, hear.) Miss Cobbe saidf indirectly the giving of the vote to women, would make even brutal men have more respect for them, etc. " She believed that the granting of suffrage to women was no less expedient for men than it was just for women, and that it would redound to the happiness, virtue and honor of the country. After a few words from . Mr. Hinde .Palmer in support of the resolution, an amendment was proposed declaring that it was expedient and wise to allow the law to,remain as it is; but it was lost, and the original res' olution carried by a large- majority. Miss Sturge moved the second resolution as follows: 'That this meeting hereby exMr. Forsyth, presses its earnest thanks-t- o Mr. JacoU Bright, Dr. Ward, Mr.Fawcett,Sir Robert Anstruther, and Sir Charles Legard for introducing and supporting the Women's Disabilities Removal Bill also to the id Members of Commons who voted or paired in its favor in the division on the, second reading of the measure on the 2G of April, 187G, and respectfully requests Mr. Forsyth and his coadjutors to take steps for the of the Bill at an earlyperiod next session." Mr. O'Shaughnessy, MVP., seconded the - f motion, ?whTch! wa3 isupportcd by Miss Tod, and carried. '.f.. . The chairrrn, was thanked for presiding,, and the meeting broke up." 1 . l- . Da by pon- Blow off tho dnsf and .; S Clean easlmicre lace by dipping or rlulmg it hi gasoline,1 hcrn careful not to rub it m as to get the lneshesaud figures out of place. Dry it out of doors, then lay it on a cloth in good formJ and llace betwcen.the leaves of a book to press. . Potato Balls.for Breakfast. To three cups cf cold mashed potatoes add cue cup of sweet cream, n a little salt and two cgs?. Mould into little balls; put on a bakiag-pan- . and set in tha oven Until done a delicate brown, or, if preferred, . fry in boiling lard. To 'Make Attar of Hoses. Gather- the flowers of some of the most fragrant sorts, but the common Blush or other June roses are the best. Put the petals in a cask, or stone jar, with sufficient water to cover them. Then ptft the "vessel out of doors where, the sun will keep' it warm! In a week or ten days the oil may be seen on the; surface, arid may be removed by the aid of V piece of cot"ton. well-beate- - : - - .. , .To clean kid gloves. Lay your glove., in a like a. conimon-vegetab- le dish, long, dish, and cover it with the gasoline; rub soiled spots with a clean white rg, squeeze, not wring with your hand, as dry as you rani lay it' on a dean old muslin, take one corner of the musliu arid rub fingers and thomb out smooth, rub soiled spots 'if any remain, inflate by blowing into it, then pifl-oa cloth to dry.- The process should be gone through with quickly as the glove is in jared by remaining in the liquid; not - more than ten minutes being occupied in cleaning the pair of This will be found excellent economy. gloves. flat-bottom- She said no one would.suppuse for a moment that an adverse vote, from the House of Commons would convince any .woman who made this claim as a malterof justice that the claim was unjust.- - Not alL the eloquence of all the most eloquent men Who: ever lived could persuade an intelligent, patriotic woman,, that she had no right to vote if she possessed the legal qualifications, no more than it could persuade, her that she had no right to bo educated it she could pay the fees, or to sit down to dinner if she could pay the bill. (Cheers.) Shc.de-mande- d no more than was contained in the Bill introduced by Mr. Forsyth, and she thought they were entitled to that. Mr. Cowen, M. P., supported the resolu- er covcrvwulnngncsia ed n out-of-doo- rs - LOUD DEPwBY TO THE BOYS. In his speech to the Iiverpool lads Lord Derby said: ."You live in an ago of inquiry, of doubt, of mental restlessness, when mbre4 than ever men are unwilling to accept traditional solutions, to tho great - mysteries which surround T our life and when many brains are, bewildered, and xmany hearts made to. ache by the- vain' effort ,'to splvo problems impenetrable to .human reason. You cannot , escape tho , common destiny. Those of you who reflect and I h,opo they will bo manywill inevitably have times of mental perplexity when, the very purpose of existence seems obscure, and doubtful j when traditions appear to fai .and reason is ' baffled and when :mea ask in bewilderment, OVh&t docs 'it all mean V I am not hereto deal With these high jnatters;; it is ;iot niy duty, nor is this the place. Only so inuch I tell you I believe that there arc ideas implanted in us which, in a sound mind, no merely intellectual disturbance will longaf-fecand of which, in the deepest darkness, we may always,if we will,kcep hold. Right and wrong, honor, duty, and country benevolence towards men and responsibility toward, the unseen Power 'by which human actions are guided an d con t rolled--thes, all not countries aud are idle phrases. In retained their meaning. ag6s they: ihaye which arc reai.itiesr correspond with They and feelfngs, of our na- - " the deepest-wants- : ture, and no" man will fcpl himself utterly cast down who can say in h isjii cart what tho wisest and best of the liuuiiu rice have proclaimed in the whole tenor of their lives.' Whether I am happy or unhappy tarndViny chief .afiair; whaV first, and most concerns me is to find my Work in life, to recognize , t, e t . itand to do it..". Ex. : . ' 