WO M A N S . - . - . THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. GREENE RICHARDS, I.UJIELIXE B. WELLS. JLVJLA. Iklltora. iu ukc ui .1 f T i 11 t TT4.1. t : uuu. i uuuciicu Kcmi'iuoniuiji in n.li six one One one months, Terms; copy ' year, $2.00; copy ' 00. Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising : fi.-li- tl -- i.ue: Each Bquarej ifn llwr-ot-nonparc- ll. space, one A liberal discount to time, $3.00; per month, $3.00. "T: regular advertisers. , Exponent 'Office, corner f South Temple, and First East streets, opposite Eagle Gate. Bnsiness honrsfrom 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Stinday. Address all 1m sin ess commnnications to Publishers Woman's Exponent, ' Salt Lake Cfty, Utah. ; r .TTTWR CSATT PTTV: w a. a. a AJxa.Aa-- j iia.AJ a. T.'ATri? v. lftTR. v 1 a. a. WOMEN'S CENTENNIAL TERRI-TORRIAL FAIR. This Fair is to ba held in the Social Hall, a few: rods south of the Eagle Gate, and opened on or before the first of July. The future welfare of Utah depends much on the establishment and success of her home in- jIiinfHAflL This nnnftldpraflnn fatrta mntiv nnw. or that has prompted toward this enterprise; and it is hope I that all women of Utah, who feel an interest in the prosperity of our Territory will, for the promotion and encouragement of Industries, especially in the department of wemehs work, unite their efforts to make the Fair a success. And as the interest is a mutual one, assistance from our brethren, should any of them please to extend, it, will be thaukfully received and highly appreciated. The Hall will be at our service on the 18th of June, and the specimens f women's work should be forwarded to; E.i R. Snow, Lion ' House, as soon as practicable. Eliza R. Snow, President, Mary E. Cook, self-sustaini- ng . : Flrst Vide Presidnt, . PfllSCtLLA M. STAINES, - EiOUISA Second Vice President, : A. ASHBV,' ; Secretary, CakisSa Yousa, ' Emma , t Wells, Minnie Horne, Mamie Jones, Treasurer, Committee. Mrs. Zina D. Young, President of 'the Silk branches of the Relief Society in Salt Lake City, with their Boards,' constituted to assist In relation to theFair. isuh-com-mitte- e, AN AGE OF GOSSIP. "I loathe that iowTioe, Curiosity, , in wblch I nhfiie, ii: Hut if there's anythlaf Tis la arranging-- all my f rl.endsaffaJrs, ' i Not airing, of my otfn, domestic earea." ' Thtse lines wouW apply admirably to many people in the presentay. ;IudeedthWmIght, with all propriety, be termed An' age of gossip. .There seems to be' an ardent desire prevalent to regulate the Affairs of OneV 'neighbors and . - I I .1.1 T.lt. incuu?. uiuiviuuar jho is noi exempt from ke of the people, and theKCdlumnsof tjersnais And crna. - . pubIIcnotic.-be-newspapers"parta- tip are gleaned' .first,' and; such periodicals as contain' most of this precIdUs commodity hate the readieit sale. What some lady wore, how it suited her style,1 how txpensire it was, What tto did or caJd on oertiia occasion: r fcoe aad r EXPON EN T . ... : . . i than that presented by the domeslike. topics form the mcst popular literature of and worth, tic circle in which a mother holds her proper a large class of persons. Private life Is i The source of tenderness, the centro before the public, t o interest the world at large. place? bond of social union, the umTittle tattlef slander, anil 'similar subjects, are of affection, the the forwarder aud regthe stock in hand of a large msjority, to h pire in all contention, the general founhad at wholesale; and apparently it Is circulat- ulator of each salutary plan, and consolation ! To ed too freely and extensively to become a dead tain of cheerfulnes?j hope such a mother it is given to clear up unjust weight In the market off the unmerited blow; to More especially is individual gossip, in regard suspicion; to ward defend the wounded spirit from the injury to to all persons who fill public positions, in dewould sullenly submit; to encourage mand. It is not enough to know they are ca- which it but the hopeless, when thrown back In competition pable of performing their work creditably, out to those who have been to the person's private life must be held up to the of talent; point defeated other pursuits in which they may yet gaze of the world, and criticized and judged to to stand between the timid and the satisfy an insatiate curiosity. If there is any- succeed; they dread; to think and act for ami in thing that Madame GrUndy fails to discover, danger bethen it is immediately construed into some- behalf of each and all, .promising, hoping, that faults ignorantly or though tlessly thing mysterious or wrong. It is doubtful lieving perpetratwhether mysteries will not soon cease to exist, committed, will never be willingly auoffended with so anxious has the world become to get at the ed again, thus making peace can be no danger that the value bottom of everything. Proofs must be given thority. There estimated. if heaven and earth and all the regions reund of such a mother may be over To the young wife and mother, how priceabout are circumvented to substantiate matless are those tokens of love and confidence, ters. To enter upon a public career in this age is to too often charily given, which Indicate that have your private life held up before the glare her careful efforts to create and sustain home of the eyes of the multitude. happiness are noticed and appreciated! From If one wants to set forth principles that will observation as well as by tradition wo are led benefit humanitj, the world will immediately to consider that young husbands are extremely demand the iudlvidua! to submit to the ordeal liable to forget, shortly "after the waning of all about thosg pretty little of public gossip. .......People are not satisfied with the honey-mooso lav: principles of faith and action, they nlu-- t deal compliments with which they are ever It ish as lovers. It should not be so, aud where with the lives and characters of persons. men are not blind to their own iuterists, they is men, not measures." reWhy should the world care what outs' do- invariably contrive to keep their memories mestic associations are if they dp not infringe freshed on these subjects. When such a one, not in his own light, conif homo upon the rights of other.? And how unjust to who stands labors of the day, require oue's whole history to be made public at evening, weary with the because they hold a position of honor, of use- he does not fail to bestow the pleased look and fulness or of trust T be thus personal, is to merited words of encouragement wherever lose sight of reality, or goodness In principle there is an opportunity, even though he may and actiou; and there is nothing gained by not find every thing about the house in the exact order that a more experienced housewife the scrutiny to csrapenrate for' the loss.' to Every person, be they statesman, author, ai might be able maintain. After the evening tLst, ho matter what 'profession one follows or party, concert or mutual improvemeut'iriVet-in- g where the young wife has contributed to, what position one fill3, has "a right to some reserves; if one devotes time and talents to the the entertainment, her son'g, reading orecUa-lio- n does not pass unnoticed by thfc husband. public good, is that not enough? But in bis day everything of a private!nature Is sought it she has; acquitted herself j admirably he after to satlfy sensational curiosity. It is 6b does not leave all the UeUcAte. encomiums for noxious to persons of refined feeling; Theif others- - to.: whisper,: but is aseager to let her a-ad- n, : ; er talents and ac- th time audi knovrtlLMLP103 to discuss in common conversation than the comnlifhmentsmnr. as he was in the uavs6 goings and comings, the habits, the tastes, the their engagement. As one congratulatory' sen tenco froni-hi- s lips are worth more to her than fancies, the InDerlife of individual?. If one onlywrites a few verses,' 'smoothly all that 'could be spoken; by bthersj sofou ld lie and clearly, that chance to have some merit UC1 Jlli u. ruaniut tin x uai ecu . .. ' " v uiPiuuiu i in them j immediately gossip sets abou t o hunt tencc is Worth' double to her now, whatitwas hrtb in former, tfmesi when he, like all friends and upsbme scale to outweigh the real worth. .adm Iters1 sought her favor' rather than het was liable to talter wheii Scandal is, at present, popular,and'if a check positive inieres ' Is not put upon it, it is in danger of becoming the simple truth would have 'sdfllced. , 'A'ticlo an overgrown weed, to ruin society, to weaken in proportion, should he be (doubly sincereaiuL and destroy confidence, to lower the character doubly tehder In ' his expressibns, If "inMui- of literature, and depreciate men and women. tice hfijnust sometimes 'offer criticisms h'(ch' are not sp pleasant, hq will 'do'so. In as manly and courteous words as he yfoutd h'ave?ui?d I n HOME APPRECIATION. those other days when "to have. oiTeii'dcd )ier WThat "words of eucouragement and praise womanly .'pride, or wounded lier ensitiifeel-- 1 are ever so sweet to the children as thoe which ings, w ould have ca'usc'd'j!m7iQostMijLful;re-greta- . fall from the mother's lips?, 8u rely none be'i Some one hasr: written thatra happy side. It is of the greatest iraportauce that not long to be couited again.7 he mothers should understand and correet'y "est- true woman who has been fairly ron; nd ho imate the abilities with which their children is well treated as a wife. wiiLi not wlah tohe are endowed, that tbey may train the tender courted again. 1 ( sjJ-nvrrminds in wisdom, For, as the modern world filh!"'.):'.rfiiinlv The kind crood husliand'iliid is beginning to comprehend, a higher respon- holds the most hbnorable'osltioni that :It': is rests moi hers in regard to what pogslble'for.mortal man to occupy-- ' II Is will sibility upon the world shall be' In ftiiure, than upon any is the law of his household a law 'hicli needs other member of a fimlly or of society. no enforcement but is joyous'ly conipliet! wiih AVhat ecehB'is raor fitrikirigly illustrative of by each one, as it ever tends to the happiness JaorallaWliettaal 'ksd physical Ututy or tiu Lids lupmority u proiidiya iovuiy U som jthtrjgftr bettertooccupy V M -- . i . . 5 . . . . -- 1 wife-NEE- -- - 