 For the Expok wrr. PRAYER FOR THE EMIGRANTS. Ge4 our Father and our Kiajr, We humbly beir to thee tn prnycrtvihat thHl iwflt bless thjr Balatt, ' tjpba the toeuodlesf tea. ; ; v And, ai theyjcroes the deert plains, Where red men tearless roam! ; Be thou with them e'en there, to rulde t Thy children safely home. Should enemies of Hrht and truth O - i ,,,,; " V NoWiwe . 5 ! Mxsrif Sakpijte Co. f June 10th, 1876. Editor Exponent: In a late article, it was asked, among other things, :l Why do women dress so elaborately?" Men's ad miration' undoubtedly, has something to do' with it, aritl it is right that n it 3bould be so. It is woman's prerogative to pleaso;iocnAR&f; if you will; herein lies her greatpower for good, or evil, Gotl-glve- -- vvn richt mlnrforl tpftmnn fihnnM rlr . her utmostjto avail herself of overyv means in her power to exercise this grand prerogative. In dress as well as everything else.. ; But I would ask, Do our modern belles and.wpmn of society do so for the admiration of man s alone? In instances .the creation of envy, jealousy, and other kindred passions in thoir rival sisters has as much and more to do with it In nine cases out of ten" a man Is incapable :':of Judging or ap: preciating", a modern woman's elaborate toilet. It i3 certainly not he, but woman nine-tenth- i diamonds, etc.,and who Is so often dieting flaws in a rival's toilet TTndnnhtAfllv If. laVtma fhnf nvA oinn - Adam accused Evo in the Garden of Eden, men have been -- laying the blame of every great social wrong,inc;whlch ,both participated, on womani- i And with a certain degree of justice, for J hold :that-threlationbet ween two sexes the isuch' as to adship mit of no distinction in suah cases; ajid: wp Should be Willing to faka, rmr nhnrn nf tha blame. Jfen.anclomepj usually, influence each oterj and, except jn jkses ofjIsrouble or calraityan's relation1 woman such as to call forth tho gdntie rather: than the rigorous sideofhlscaraiter; his emotions - e rather than his intellect? his.weakness, than his strongth; And ours it should - be to guard against folly. It is needless to cite instances In proof of this; each iQne7ofus will readily call - to mind , instances la our own experience, and history will furnish others, of men, gbeat men, men of "strong character and exhibiting practical common sense in all thewalks of life, who ncvertne-les- s became imbeciio and acted like fools Jn casea where -- women us whom God has gmewith intoitlon almost prophetic, ano qdicknes'sVof perception and InslghMhat r shames, ih slower : - wexconcarnelt reasoning powers ofm'en, let us stand firm if man doeskll. ris cot quarrel with lt tl : I suppose you" heard of the Conference, so through?the papers I will try to8 speakccf some things that will be new:attdint'erest- - wuuo t v mrc juiumerg. ax xoun" and.AL Hardy visited the Young Men's and Young ttdles'jomtmeeft mem iii vt?ry auie anu ,iweiy language. They urged;-thqung ;pebplo to go anead in the good 'rk;they had undertaken, and instructed them concerning their duties as brethren and sisters in. the church and ; exhorted thein to iriiprovo '.every bpporiuriity of imprOvlng therjiiselvesnd gaining useful knowledge.-- :iY .1 ARZilTIi :iHT Two weeks aftet thrs;the.Yodng Ladies' regular meeting convened, which I attended. Tho .President; Miss Llbbie finowr is in . e 3VILHELMINA CjIUISTAFFBltSON. . hare bowed to thee know thst thou wilt giard and bless Thy 8a,intsf on Jand or f ea, fam- - gether with almost every 'dish "arispoon in the house; perhaps I shall be able to write a few more lines,,i hope sovaUeast.;' ti s '::- . r ; Manti, SVe CORRESPONDENCE. anil other of "having dorio; it" '3od knows" we all have need of His" infinite mercy.' i4 n v Tho acknowledged Influence we i have hithertoj silently and in secret, fbrgdod and bad Yielded In the - affairs ' of men let us as a' united 'sisterhood, strive to .increase; and, still seeking to please," wield it open ly and for' good only. Let iis commence the reform by arousing the noblest; instincts and impulses among: our sisters every where, by inaugurating a now.; era of. simplicity! and modesty, by moulding public oponion so that it will interdict, and tbooas vulgar, the extravagancH that is complained of. Let us commence at home by precept and ex. ample, and eschew these useless recrimina- tions. Let our. actions, henceforth, spealc louder than words. x Tbnwit& Jhjr. Mighty arm. May . they if loicei, like! Israel's sons, " Who once 'from bondate fled: But not like them.depart from thee, " Tbelr tme and H?inff Head : Inspire their leaders with the zeal Which fired Moses breast; That they may lead the Saints in peace Unto their land of rest ; O God, our Father and our Kin! - a lsurbance in this .otherwise, peaceful '' Coraplreto work them harmPi. i Do thou, O. Father, guard &d shield i. Li mdn like sch Editor Exponent.- - May 18, 1876. AtfrtHfV. VlfAM ITWCI il V. . In reading the favorable ; reports. Of tho Relief Societies from different parts of tho Territory, I have been led to reflect, that of all women on earth, we have the most reason to le thankful. When I contrast our past history with,: the present; ,my gratitude, is greatextan irpan express; , and X think it will bo a blessingrto urin years tdxome, to keep before pur chiidreri the privations and. hardships we have endured, instead "of them in the fashions and vanities r : ; of the world ; : ; I have not forgotten1 the sorrows of. Nau voo,; or the martyrdom of our beloved Prophet and Patriarch. Yes, I saw their mangled bodies, and the grief of that .sorrow stricken people, which was too deep for utterance. And then were we left unmolested? Na Wo were compelled to leave our en-coura- ng ; , homes, and travel w ' knew not Whither. But we were 'hopeful and eheerful for we knew: that the mantle of our. beloved Prophet had fallen,, upon. President Brigham Young, and in the midst of all our trials, , our trust was in God. ) Yes, I think it well, to keep in remembrance the past history of the church,, that the rising generation may realize what wo havehad to end ure to obtain the blessings wo ". now enjoy. . .. L I will close by saying to my young sisters, Do not get; lifted up in pride, and follow after the .fashions of those who, are riot of us,' and remember tha t ihoIesslugs aro due to us pnjy in accbrtfanco faithful- -' J fend ness obedience to Ihp requirements of our Heavanly Father. , ; continued success": arid pros-- , Wishing you perity,-- remain your sister iri lho gospel, v V'j; Rebecca AREiiAr. ' v. , . , A1a rviv 1 miIILMIl 111 J.I. 4L mL1.a1 Aiti!yM NI1H IIIHA IHMILIIII1 llllll heincr verv auiBt and steadv. andsimDle in her dress. 8he fs old enough , to. roaliie ier responsibiUty, and is xeaUy.one othe.most PPPMlar ypung ladies in this city, She spoke tQitfrelgirls .about. 'obediencer-.and:;encouragea ;tnem ip taKe an inierest in their meet ings. j Sh e referredJo the, subject of pniyer, and instructed the girlsaCsome'ierigth up -- -- - on their,dnUes,Jn .thlsresjpect,; "'" ts a-go- 1 ; c " .1 H't ' 8t. George, June 7th, Editor Exponent: 187(5. ' endeavoring to writcrthis Iettcrthe little piece Entitled 'iAn Ode- to My Son" occurs to thy mind- .- I do riot suppbso that a mother over exl-itethat has riot had the samo.trouble when raising a family of sinaa children, unless,indeed, she is wealthy and can send her children into a nursery, and instruct ar6erantto tako enliro;,chargo of say. that such .women, in tbUJierrltoiyreliji fewyand'iar between !Tn - ePut 'tHeso &i&iyis " rernarks h ere 'com es Mary 'with' .t'he. baby, , od ' -- e, : D. Young. J -j- t . . : f if I can interest will, writo again soon, your readers. : ' ' ... , ' .' ' Yours, &c, .! ' The news of lth& death1 .'.' ; S Yr D.i.; '.'. ! 1 , , There were sorrio beaut f fiiT Tfitftpfinnjqi iuau, iwu iwo iuosi.eiceuenr essays reaa on Faith arid on Duty tb'Paren'ts.ith ofthem ".n'K7 , showing tridughVarid study! The' different members boro their testirnb ny, and the Presidenfappointed the meetings for every Thursday at 4 o'ciockjinstead of every other Saturday at 2. The Society has but recently been organized, consequently, the girls do not yet:rea-lize'iconsequence as they wi(l at auture time. Still, they all' have ?spirltj and are willing to obey counsel. .hr. ;Vj I would like, to speak; of 4he noble Tem-plbut I don't think I will have space in this letter, and will reserve, that sabject'for a futuro time. t . - : ; J; Allow me to remember myself to all my. dear Jriqnds in Salt Lake City, and. more especially to Sisters Eliza R. Snow, arid Zlna I Si.:, I oT'aUamp.XTttL1 devaunt has beriTleIe;ra)ny(I 'W aCmerica? This laoV'is wdil 'knftwrias1' an author5 and noVeifst under th0"nom de plQmOo'f'ijreOrgoi Sand.'? 'Sho was b6rn Ifi'thelcastttf ofKo hanty and theroalsoBhe'speni tha last years of; her, truly eventiul life. iTho: "Yeoman's Journal" says "France has: had no .woman since Madame do - Staeliivho iwill.: compare witk lieri and in .tho; higher realm of intel-- lectual creation tlio latter is superior to ; tho fprmerM As ii write?,: shq stands foremost among the. few.r .leading r women,, of i .the world.'. The lfe w.York .Tribtiney sneaking pf;fher jsaMllprityle w ' superior io thaVjOf . MadamQ-dbVsiaeas boautfu breathinglifeis fo'sculptured marble.; pere- the onlyllvirigwoman'wpr, iihosurDayes ' io "be plliof placed besido thy ; ; l, her.--Georg- , . e irf the field or m- ielWtual;:exertl6n aridVachieveriinthp "dlxi a mail's last, add her Iecy;tof he x worm i an me more vaiuaoio wvauaa euv : did It in a woman's way." 1 nis mamma does not instantly take him into tor arms, thcro will bo a slight inai 11 " . 