W O M.A.NJ S B X P 0 N E 171 - ; K-T- ,.. Smitiifjeld March lsh ' )S76. Editor Exponemt Meeting of the Senior and Junior C6-o-p A reorganization took place in our Reerativo Retrenchment Association held in trenchment Society Feb. 12, 1876. Bishop tho Fourteenth Ward JAssemblyRooms, Samuel" Roskelly and a few other brethren Sltunfay'AMil'isE 1876. Owing: to tho organized the surety and gaveli r.uherUovero illness of President Mrs. Mul f met J. jEIornJdCtsaJlliz'vB. Snow toc charges us some very irood instruction. Officers as 7 follows: t tho meeting'. After the usual prelimi-ff- i Mrs. Adeline Barber, President, J ryf ceremonies singing prayer; etc.;J , Salt Lake Citv, 4 rain-utese- rp secretaries1 feaii;y JhbOung from thai J variouk riMs;whlch i ere- Jane S. Coleman, ceedlnglyihtcrestin ?'MissrMary 'H1: 'Emily u tar. i vV'rww: AhomasJ w S. y & Mobistori; i f- ; Luti,u )rtttebeccaiRbskellv'ti -Vh:n is - protluWg ?'a? uhfe ahd ikood1' amon'cr'the people, and derelopfncr (n 'them? gems of thought; arid elevating and inspiring and cannbfJbt'prb-- 1 riiSarah ;E. Mrsi Our former? Treasurerji;MiMTfjlary:Gole min, iwas released. ftol'gol oniithof!Arazon jVnnie Smithy,-- ; eressionhiafd n;D.- YourigJ and :sgverat oilier able and Intelligent' sisters- addressedtfipfeeel. ' - - ton; straw bus! ne& wero laVgly ' deicin Ther w44; a Very;3 good speQlmeni of a-- i ; silkL1 heferdm j. ; ; Tho annuaf nleeting-- of the ') Voung; Mutual niprbvemeriti socfationW.) herd1 22d 1876.Feb. thisplacb:was A general invitation was extended to" all, ' and; the meeting iwas largely attended! Essays tvero read, and - selections fromi good bciks.a i he'illscourses .were ispiritedi andl full ofi principle and'twere f interspersed r with singing. All seemed l to enjoy them7 selves very much. Bishop L. E. Harring-.- . ton being present gave us somo. very good a-d- ies in: th imeetingsi; Mis3M..Eastmbnd, President! ,7 j t E. Qupjbigio&f Bevy, i ; Kortu-Ogdj,'.5 r ;- -r : 3Iareh -- 0,-i 18.76.1 1 . . I ) ; good. will fri veoua! repoft'bf the Relief So ciety disbursement? from the:ith''of April I 'Relief'td;;the';oor;S 26 90 thelKy.;..X...J..145 . ....82 75 Missionary donations.... Share in Land bought forthe SocietyJ.l; Co-o- p. Stdre-.;.V;V;ii;.';iy.- 00 80 1.251 19 $: 2,259 19 Maria Bidgood ) ! I thVe 8; HesoIyedThat;we will'fead Sec'y, ANI REABrllEFORt; p; THE YOUNG JjAJDIES' ANNUAli WRITTEN 1 MEETING OP A t. FOR IT. My young sisters it has fallen to my lot to present before you a few of my thoughts 1 in writing. In endeavoring to "compose the same, i ieei my iacK oi experience ana ability to prepare anything; that will be ' adapted to the occasion;! We are engaged in a very good and great 'work- that of dm-'- -' provenient, hence .1 have selected that as a' subject, and although much" has been written tippn it,still I.think ther'd Is room for I elatibns and commandments given .to the attached to those Saints, and the promises r a ; : : ir who pro've faithful. ;f : -- : : : 1 . I :1 9 ' -- - Resolved:7 Thai wo: vilV attend' to seVf cret prayer; and try to be' useiul members v" ':l ''n iu th&Kingdpm pf God,L ;J 1 ' Sarah E. LAYroir Sec'yi'' . r ve ' Improvement; is a Yery ; word and applies fo alliho relations and du. ties of life. I will speak . more "particularly Editor Exponent: ; ; : A' ,V of our condition and circumstances; we aro l am happy to Btate that our HVlief So. mostly youpg, arid I in imanyJ respects ia;k ciety Is progressing, wo have started sever-- ; the experience of our; parents and "older al branches of Home Industry that are1 "persons. Thus it is necessary for us to lisdoing real well, and have many more in ten to their advico and: instructions, and by, contemplation. The winter has' been very their .experience, we may avoid iuik Ii lhat severe here, but wo have had meetings" 1 t II ITT. J 10 mina-?neeu wo our is cvii. XwO improve weeks every (with I think ono or two .which have been well attended- .- our persons, our habils, and our language. exceptions) We should improve in ;trub politeness, A great many Renewed their covenants diir- - ' and'raorally. ii As members of the" ing the past summer, and all seem to' be tiy:? church and nrofessors of ihe (3o.s:olJ we ing to live nearer to God, ah cl carry out the should improve in the spiritual gruros and j instructions given by His servants. f: ' qualify,.oursel ves to adorn the profession we the'. Young t Ladies' Association fhas a1 mate, anu tnus Dear testimony to all, tnat beneficial e'frect1 among orir 'young people, r we love virtue and truth. If wo faithfully their meetlrigs are' also wellattended and a; t : carry out Ihe purposes Lour Association in.ir. Jvivo good spirit prevail we will bo diligent in our duties,in I & ' Mill! ' r t rv r r III If In listening to" the en youjn your bors.shfer1 youi ' a. I'l'tllV Cf'qspe'r,,xlv. "' of thb Iord wo mean to improve. i ' CEiUtt City, Iron 1 CbJ, March 27. 1876: -- -- . - ' I 1 ment in .tho .sisters' in their: search after knowledge; and we have: cause lo :rejoico mat wo aro so organized that! Wo .can meet togetlier andpeak tq each t other! on rthe principles pertaining to life and salvation.' The young men also have been organized Association, into'aMutoijmprbvetaertt; they are making steaJr progress;; arid are : united ylth" liey0ui'g sisters rirfabstairilrig f iorn round dances, which1 ivo voi'd In our association' soihe six months ago and to which, we are happy to say. we have re. maincd firnXTuFlonhe present. -- u.Elizabeth Evihq4 wiclr,' Fresidcnt, JCsqwIctJ Conriself1 Obdwjclrti r -- . -- A ' . , ;: ! so-cial- : ly ; ; I ; 1 -- : 1 . are blessed and. doing-muc-h 6. T all with whom we are surrounded. 7. Besolved: Thatwo will strictly, ob-- I servo the Word of isomi ihat we ' mfry be entitled to the promise attached Id it; ; feel happy and proud to bo a member of the Relief arid Retrenchment: Societies "for they Resolyed:7rhat vyowill f?b Jkind ancl charitable to the poor and the needy, and to " timQ Tvo have held 47:mcctings; and wo'aro happy to say.lhero,' iiia gradual improve- . I know this is the" work of God, aad agaht lashions'of.the Gentllesi y?? Y 0. Besolved: That we will not scandalize a person character; if wc cannot say anything good, wo wjll say "nothing it all. -- vo more 1 e ! Our Retrenchment Association' was or- ganird the 24 of March i 1875;; since; that cn(;lljr on missions Resolved. That our iciothirigi shall Tber the workmanship y of i pur i, own thdods; I ast cxtmv-- l much as possible, and, not follow-th- : nd made than one hnnrlrAfl rtnllnra wnrf h fri ihn oio ters and children who have gone to Arizona ! : ors. f clothing.and tedding letftirand ; 4 ti.- ' number'have lonn-lniAflnnrl meir covenanrs; - w e reertne spiri t of the 'each'otib'::, st4, j Vejjerj pp., e', ;;ar6.mad6Yowifs'naH Emigrating 1 r iicipcunrwuiUji VII e XI II Ward'NeVMeetinliouse;amf Iwhen calls lino w,ivj Donated to'NewSchooI ; f jn looking after the-- needy. j -- f . Superintendents, poor arid see that noonesufier3. lOur d Counselors meet, .with us occasion- I tr i trfi iviim ncrn wtvmT v and ask (Jod to blessvus in the good work, and tell us that we are a great h elp to them f : and we look forward tq them yTth pleasur . Our society iiasfnercased inl nutbe?a.tVery. rapiaiy, ana a gooa spirit prevails, nnu also a splrit. of iriiprovement lis apparent; a W Wi5hing"8acccs3 to all the iaithmlvo remain your sisters, Hi ti :i j ;': tinh'i : Lord i : EastmondJ ahoii'i II A'" i - i , iu Editor Exponent: - Great Interesisy taken i prove, a Our Resolutions afei as follows; 6di i i i niirolyedn Tbahe&s attend? ouriQeefc ings as regularly as possibler cot lillqwing) ? .y, r.:;: ;: anyiriflea to keep Us a way. i ;2i Resolved;iThatwe will AbtoolnitenV I ?conduct in f apco any; rude jor unlady-lik- e any otthe membet3of our societyiT iii VA' . 3. Jiesolvedhat wetwill 'tiot: associate or;; keep company with, i y oungr! inferii whbq r swear, and drink liquor : - jrnli li. 1876. ' o I prevailsand all seemito.: beiltryidgi td imii " Feb 22d, American Fobk, . .o. r i ii hext to instructs eachiptherj lar good spirit) j attendance was rn6t Wlarge as t; ssoe'pre'v vious meetings, but'a goodispirit prdvailed aud allrpreseritJ wore benefitted, comforted and instructed. t ! imeetiags:weeldyi6nei handkerchief i shown,0 tthlcH; had bfeenm'aH- - Ufacture'd Lay toll Socretai Mission! There arerKlli'embfarst id touri Society,'; Wo havelma'de'a Dice crochet bedi spread to send to.'ith&luteiiulaI:i; Woi'also haVd a I considerable: am6uijti)of straw; fandi ha,ve commenced brsciding.t Wenhbld, bur. ing on subjects of jspeclal 'interest pri net?" arid Itvpally iha't of belrig;l ri - 1 Jahol-HendricPjeati- rp7 - sejf-snstalni- - The 11th Ward Relief Society is progress-.in- g andJoing.much.good; the poor,, in, the. wuru aru uareu ior ana me sicKttended to. We meet together to make warm clnfchf nfF for the agedrtho.poor; andthoLamaniteA. We do not want any to suffer, whether Jew or Gentile. The -- Teachers look affnr fhn " riish-opan- t; Roskelly "Martf. T Etizab'eth M.rMerriilf ; 'ex-1- 1 V Exponent: s : 1870. . ; ; ? altend-ing.themeetihgsar- m. V m X i K k 41 I 1 IV X - T WW - -- ! -- J. Heeeikgtok.' fd 