MmIN's eiponent; 62 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. GKEEXE DICHARDS, EHMELINE lli WEIXS, i done at onco and hot nient time when'other matters have been at tended to. By saying "take care," we do not mean to be over anxious and uneasy and full of undue solicitude all the while concerning the li ttle ones. Wise care prevents cause for anxiety, eaves trouble and expense, and often Editors. Published in . Salt Lake City, Utah. One one Terms: copy year, $3.00; onecopy six months, 1.00, , Ten copies fori the price of nine. Adrcrtiilng rates: .' Each 'square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 3.O0Y? per month," 13.00. AJ liberal discount to regular adrertisers. Exponent Office corner f South Temple, and First seml-montbl- y, - the lights of the constitution guarantee; but the wrong has become sO undeniable to outthat every intelligent rageously person must perforce perceive that some posi- . self-evide-nt lyetKenTcare audw A.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday. " Address all basiness communications to Publishers Woman's Expokktt, Salt Lake City, Utah. vs. LAKE . CITY,; J3EPT. 1, Of course it is humiliating for a nation who have boasted so much of freedom and liberty to acknowledge that they are wrong, that they have allowed unrestrained license to those In -power, instead of the liberty of action , w hich averts sorrow. The autumn will come again; beautiful flowers, delicious fruit and rich, golden grain will blossom mature and iipen.m3ut ,if one of the children is taken from us, we can never, havo it back while we remain in mortality. JUtteebtjpppc ' SALT happiness, when the sovereign power of the nation is vested - in :xnelFtffia have no genuine interest in the homes of the people. put off for a more conve retain the little being here, there is still consolation in the reflection that neglect or imprudence had nothing to do with its suffering or its departure. 1876. Benindful of your own health mothers, for your own sakes, tut more particularly "for the sake of your babies. You will lose less time in taking care of yourselves if you do so, than in being unable to work ifyou do not. TAKE CARE. Autumn lias come again. September jyith Jts, fair cool jmproings. its' mild and pleasant days, and chilly eyeniniffs is With us once more. Now Isther' time when ;r thoughtful florists jind gardeners begin tp 'shelter their teri plants; cautiously watching ,',fbr the approach tearly: frosts, making preparations to ward off ine same, anxi prevent, auanjurious enecisi And now, oh! anxious mothers, is one pi the - . ... . . , ' & -. A GLANCE AT THE FUTURE. . when-special-ca- re pvrjthe-bodie- plants, s wicn Thereisln the nature of all intelligent ised Dpznotvwaiiiuntil freezing vwinter weather ; Cqmes ,before you think of the. chilctrens woolen dresses and stbcklngi. Aiready tbey shonld be in readiness to; supply the places of light , immerclethlng.., ;, been has said seem asthbugh ehough vfflltdoes r anjwrltten to reVpliitioBize .the world In this And .still there, is astonishing of much'ignorance and want pf thought on the subject, f A woman comes into a mett-- ; Ingihouse; where religiousscrvices are, being conducted, and as she; enters, the damp, chilly .atmosphere fairly makes, her shiver although she Is wrapped in a warm woolen shawl; yet in Heparins she carries a bright, fat baby, dressed Tin white jacopet, .withf bare arms and neck, ' blueuwlth" cold, and thin cotton stockings Vwbich do inotiCome to the kneesl Buch in- consistencies are difficult to imagine,- - yet as T iday by day they are brought to notice, the fand even of stern reality ,ot their prevalence cannot bo denied. 'When will the people learn, and. when, will they put In Sometimes v. pracicr. the a goodi Jhey.; know? evi--denc- re8pectrff , their-existenc- es e, : rtbere seems .Of be so! much on hand; so many 3 things crowding at once, that it is almost an rf impossibility to bcstowithe requisite care the: babies i But mothers should always1 f'keep'in mtud thetfact, that it does ;not require half the time the trouble to take care - of a well child, that it does to nurse a sick one. If iili Jhlrigs cannotr be accomplished as a wo-'mah! may desire, let something "go undone. 01 'Let her can1 or dry lees fruit than she; intended, 'auS glve HHe surplus,1 which would otherwise up-;Io- -- or-ha- lf -- c; b wastedHto Tier poor neighbors.' Xbt beds go In nmatfe oV ki tch en wo rk undone if necessary, J1 lei!antli'injf'elso be neglected rather than the 'chlldr6 ri.w And if by cloe care and attention they 64 ii be kept jn good health and spirits, t'let (eer.one khrf a.cheerful face and a let no 'one ; fret about: what has been hot donrbr cunqthe done.' ih'a"child V .ijjw nblning eerlpusbutfl tudy 'how 16 tako"wise precautions 'against dangerous illness. And - when in the case of a child being slightly into disposed, anything ought fcbe done, let it bo thank-fuWertan- J . d' ns a definite or undefined longing to look forward into the future and to discern by the present transpiring events, or Judge from the past, what the indications are of coming prosperity or evil. When any great change is on the tapis this is more especially ; the case; people cannot but question and wonder, what the great move should r and health of the little, jbuman' God :has placed ?in7 out' charge. be-exerc- per-so- j be effected? HOME AFFAIRS. will bring about, and whether it will promote and foster an Influence for good or ill, : In America perhaps more than in any other country in the world, the majority of the people interest themselves understanding in the subjects of rulers and governments; because each person considers himself a citizen of free and Independent principles, and a part of the great body politic. Then the educational system--of this grand country has been established upon such a broad scale as to reach all classes and therefore they are taken as a whole, better enlightened on all practical subjects and interests; It would seem to one not knowing anything of tho real wickedness and corruption that exists In the United States, and possessing a knowl' edge of the laws and constitution, and being familiar with the geography of the country, its great Internal resources, and the enlightened condition of its inhabitants, that Of all people in the world the people of America should be the most prosperous; but how far from this is this their present condition? Underlying the surface which is not in Itself iiltbgether-frtfrom turmoil and ripples, is an element of contention seething and boiling and foaming, ready to burst its bounds at any moment If not' quelled and kept In subjection to the powers Ottin ger an d C. R. Savage have started for Philadelphia where they purpose remaining a few days as visitors to the , ; great Centennial.Exppsition, . M&SSRS. O. M. , number six of the publication: it is the first we have had the pleasure of perusing. A journal devoted to music, art and literature ought certainly to be of great advantage in a community to encourage refining and elevating influences. We are pleased with its contents and wish it success. -- Mrs. Dr. Ellen Fergurson who is at present residing in St George, recently gave a lecture in that city. Her subject was Rome. We had the pleasure of seeing Mrs. Ferguson and her husband . when They were in Salt Lake on their way to St. George.. Mrs,. Ferguson is a woman of very pleasing manners and appear, ance, has traveled extensively, and has had a superior classic and a thorough medical education, with considerable practiV.e.TT Hon. George Q. Cannon delegate to Conitri his wifeif and daughter, gress from XJtah has returned home, arrivingtMinday evening Aug. 21st. He has given meat complete satisfaction by his labors the past years, to thos'e most interested in the future welfare of tjfah, and truly merited the good feelings pf the people he has served. We greet him welcome to Utah and his mountain home. ; . The people at the present time seem to think, that whatever change occurs, matters really cannot bo made worse, and naturally hopefnl, expect that the next presidential era will assuredly settle some of the many difficulties now pending. The corruption x( men in power has become the theme of common conversation, and there la scarcely a child old enough to read that does not seem somewhat ' Inforrbed in regard to crime In high places; with such men at the helm, what can be ex- -' ' ' pected of the state of public seclety? sa'ld is and justly too, that . happy homes It and families 'are thetrue elements of great institutions, and social and and general' government; but " there vcari scarcely be any permaneBt, thorough homo- - The Deseret University openctl as usual at the University Buildings, Monday rMorning, : Aug. 21st, Dr. J:1 It. rules and regulations Ipal. The and the systYra of In- tructlon arc similar to that of pre ious years. ed 1 ;ParkrPriu The teachers substantially the same; the at- tendance is as largo as could be expected so early in the season. Dr. Park' and those engaged with bira spare, no pains to make the school in every respect jequal to similar insli- -' tutlons in the EasiUil Vg. Park .himself ;ls teacher-ovast experionce, and one who manl- f , well-disciplin- ; Thanks for the "Utah Musical Times' ' that be. tive change is necessary. Liberty implies Ijespon not liberty which resolves itself into selfishness and Indifffrence to another's rights; this odious attitude of public matters totally and hopelessly demolisbeall real society all true general government. If there are any persons so blind to the present state of national affairs as not to be able to see the elements of total wreck and dissolution they have only to cpen their eyes and ears to attain completely this uncomfortable conviction. The great difficulty in the matter is, how wisely and prudently, to select and then apply a sale and speedy remedy; and for such an issue at the present crisis, with all the differences of opinion which exist, is there any guie foundation or fundamental basis for believing such a change will f " -- , fests the ttruest interest in-t- he and education of tho young. Tdcyelopnient ii f 