WOMAN' Tiffeetlonatelyinscribed birthday, by her friend Emily H. Woodmanseb . - " ; - , T . " . Ti lends llka these, whq can forget thorn, Tho' seas foiled between? Recollection answers tfever! shall repeat forcyer Memory ' What their Jove has been. put no gulf is now between us, Face to face we greets , One by one each hand is shaken, Nothing seems at all forsaken, Where the old friends meet. Gratefully my heart desirelh Shall desire for aye, That of joy, our kind bost'4 measure, May be equal to the pleasu re,' ""' Felt by us y. : ? uncle-quate- d ... , every-day,practic- al ' m. : v -- Many years, may yet your birlbdayV Be with joy replete, f Till old age all ripe and hoary-Cro- wns you with a fitting glory, Where the old friends meet. Now how are you to decide the question of which it belongs to? It is simply an impossibility. It may belong to both. Under these trying circumstances, assume your most severe and dignified manner, ' look them steadily in the eye at the same time, calmly take the disputed' property and eat it yourself." Then in a stern voice bid your pupils return to their books. This will inspire confidence onf their part, in your superior wisdom. They will at once seo the justice of your action, and wilUundoubtedly retire 3ubdued to tears by this impartial act ol yours, ahd spend the rest of ihe day in vain regrets for tho -- lost apple. I am sorry to say I hava never read "Hannah Jane."- - Judging from what I have read of "NasbyV writings it is rather on the con. cise order like the "Widow Bedott's. You remember the poetry she made eulogizing the deacon, while she was sitting under the spreading, branches of an old tree, and repeated them loud enough to be heard by the deacon who was sitting on the other side of the tree, preparing his sermon for the coming sabbath. But of course she didn't know it. Of courso it is amusing to read such poetry, bat onb could scarcely become so deeply engrossed in it as to become obliv.: ious tb all mundane affairs. j But really, it is almost too sultry y . 12, 1878. : TO MY 'FRIEND MRS. HOWARD, ON IJER BIRTHDAY. Again your natal day awakes my lyre,,,; And bids me sing A song of genuine f riendship unto thee, Which here I bring. The harp within niy hart of thousand strings Is tuned for thee I TbeCiapasoffvlear afid full riags out To you from me. . . How many years have fled since first we met, Iu thrilling scenes !. And memory indelibly baYleft Her Waking dreams ! The vision yet ia all these years fadr s not, ' - I See as clear AH ' . that then I saw-- all I then behcM. At th,o"twerj noar ; ,.- - .,,., - - Since then tho sea 6f life has o'er lis roWl, Wave upon wave; Hut through God's help we've stemmed the rolling tide. He stood to save. Yes, Jet it go the stream ef life Haws on . ' ' With noiseless roll, And day by day, and night by night, we do apptoacb : - : The final goal! Bat from the subject that I had in hand '.; to-da- With all your heart desires, fa what I wish I full well know. You nothing crave, but that a Saint may csk ' Or God bestow.' ' ; ' . fact it fatigues mo to write, so I shall short en this article, (it is slightly mix ed, but all owing to this extremely disagreeable weather) by dropping part of my long name, and sign myself, simply Then be you blessed my sister ever kind, V ' : ' And with pur health; For health of body, and a mlnd'that'i sound; Is untold wealth. . , And if some wish above all other! dwells within , ; f To wish you all that's good on this bright day, To wish yon blessed . v Old Maid. , A VfeDDiNG bride's train, Trip, Stumbling -over tho ; ..... :. .. . T ,1 believe to. bo productive tiiojmeetings "and of much good, edifying to the sisters who attend them j there are some of the sisters who have been baptized: for their dead and thev reioice in the great and glorious principles that have been revealed in these the latter days; now great, grand and nobio tho work of God is. Oh, let us fry ond"be "faithful "and do our salva part: we can help much. ' We-wan- t tion, and with the help of Israelis ..Qsd ,we will persevere by walking in tho fear of the Lord. Our enemies are assiduous in their labors; they make a bugbear of Polygamy, and I believe "a gnat would choke them '.while a camel would ii e'er bo felt." would I think if, our would.be-friend- s look at home they would need to blush for --- J .w.- - . 4 WVM.. WW yJAmj pie to reform them. The fionc: of Polveramy has been sum? so much that it has become quite stale; something new by way; of variety would bo a change. There is one thing they have got to learn yet, and that is, "two are. better than cord is not quickly one, and a three-fol- d broken.". We do not believe that Polygamy detracts from a woman's sphere, wci canbut believe that it is Monogamy that degrades Ifer in this generationj we Relieve In Woman's Bights, and it is her right to havo a husband, and a home; we think there are not many women that would refuse this heaven-bor- n gift; but it is truth wo aro seeking, it is truth wo love for itself alqne arid truth we intend to .follow. . Slier .needs no breastworks to shield; herself behind; but proudly stands upon her own merits. srem "Oh! ear what ia truth, 'tla the fair-ru-t To which mo rtali or gods can aspire; And priceJoss the valuo of truth will be When th6prou4 monarch's costliest diadcci Is counted but dross and retose' "Respectfully, WOMAN'S . -- I. P. w. AFFECTIONS. WOUNDED ... Irving wrote: "As the doye will clap its wing. to its side and cover and conceal tho arrow that is prey-ing on its vitals, so it Is tho naturotof woman to hide from tho world the pangs of wounded affection. With her-thWashington e hrnrf fjflnrJ fThvtin charm of existence is at an end. .; Sho neg- Iects all the cheerful exercises that gladden the spirits, quicken the pulso .and 'send the tide of lifor in, healthful, currents .through the veins. Her rest is broken; mmtho sweet ' reiresnmcnt 01 sieep is. poisoned pyL meian-choly , drcam'3: "dry'.t sorrrow drinks". her blood." until her feeble frame'sinka under tho last external assailant; . Ixok for Her"if--: ter a while and youiind friendship 'weeping over her untimely grave wandering that ohe who but lately; glowed yiUi ;ilL thdfra . d lanco of. health and beau ty sh ould now bo brought down' to "darkness and the worm." ; You will ' bo told "of somo' wintry; chill fl hirAjtiflta n hasp ExroNEXTj ; ' ' WOMAN'S VOICE. 1S7C - SV Mill Creek Ward Kelief Society A m m m : . .IiWU CfiEEit WApjpr JuiyI4, Editor Carlylej Secretreasurer. Our President is a woman'that is alive to her duty at all times, in looking after the want? of the poor and needy; the Society owns "a crood meeting houso well furnished and car- peieu, uuu wiiuaij very comioriaDie. m - That heart of thine, . Ann Morgan, - : P. S. Although I have not the masculine. failing of curiosity, I should really like to see you, just for fun. Then may kind Heaven that boon on you bestow. So prays my rhyme. Counselors, tary, Si3ter Orice Miller, Sister-Elizabe- th 5 For example: Two of your pupils come to you with an apple or some other edible, perhaps a fino spring onion each declaring '.' '". that it is his very own. '""".''""., - rars ana oisiers jiizaoetn A Now don't presume to dictate to your grandmother. Older than I Indeed r 1 flatter myself that there, aro few teachers in this vicinity who possess' a more profound and extensive stock of information on tho subject of tea. (abbreviation of teaching.) tban I do. : On the wall, just opposite to me, I seo. thi3 motto:: "Be not wise in thine own eyes." I read it with complacency, knowing that it cannot apply to me. . And now as an illustration of. the Vast experience I have had, I will just give you a piece of advice, which, if you will follow you will find of great benefit in work in the school-roo- to-da- July - And you are a yoa havo are if indeed one of youmy .sympathy, that patiently suffering and imposed-upo- n class, who plod steadily on, year after year, and endure'tho whips and scorn of aa but rAeousfortune.'' But even, this is betfer than to fly to others that we know not of." But what could lead you to think that you are older than I am, I can't imagine. You must be anti quated, indeed! or are you Friends that id "'the' pleaMrit sunBhToe, Friend 3 that ja the shade, With "1 unselfish, loving kindness, And a hearty, wiling: imlridnese, """""" ' XehtWtimcly akl." jIiler- - Mrs. school-teache- r! .... Dearer still the old f riends' faces AU'sp true and sweet; r Like eome loved, continued story Is the very landscape glory, When? the old friends met t, . - TO HALu ' T ance of the. Bishop of the Ward, Reuben bef to Mrs. FiizabethriowardTHi . 35 For. the Exponxkt. WHERE THE OLD FRIENDS MEET. Cheering as the een oasLf ' .PrIs this social treat, our recollection PJeasaet in Is this place of pur affection, ,.. Where the old friends meet7 " EX PONE NT. is In a fl ourishing condition - and under tho guid i : slfcrht fnflnjnnsiffnn ihnt ad her low ' but no one knows the mentaP malady "that previously sapped Jher strength' JatfdT: mad0 her so easy a prey to th spoiler."- RnrriA ; 