: WO MA men ??themselvbs who ar jf' reateiloacknowledffe without t'iwo Hi ;! N'EXG KENT; the testimony WOMAN'S AMBITION. ; i ! 0very:effortrof ;tbosa who are i not already , distinguished iiheifieldi-f- ti iu ,7$ 'I" iiTJiere is thjispot, in literatures who j that') 'yi I man's society man. becomes coarse;, and inn-i- s : , should, be womans iiWhat. s ihisi terrible What tioBiJs a question; often propounded, .and, one to which it is difficult for ever the most profound student of human nature to give -- highest oanM-- ;, v i woman s sirengthpf, mind ,and jeharactr,; w.hich 0is; almost; universal? In .both,? tho t higher and iowgr classes of, society, this jft.art" eiists; in about It hp samp ratio. j Arid e vein the fmajon the'alert lest there should be a tendency in spH2willh , inv ., I , ui men learned in bookfiknowledgs haver;made , serious; mistakes Jnthejf esti mate of woman's true character.- Alas I one can but regret the(.false judgment in regard tbfwoman; hich inei ' - 'iicIrislihlatCir Jvestigatioris,' and ' are paiticularnofcp ndrsy true'spherb for iwhIchM nature, - has1 so pecii- -' lirlyadafeid her byt or her sentimentaand bent of her tastes. Left evri iri alld uncultivatecl state it t ? a definite tendency to shine in the'eyos of others or even to charin,' f but simply t6 satisfy the era vings of a dlspositidnrimplant-- . d in horthe innate love bf tha beautiful that fehe retains as part r and parcel ef that dlvlno heritage)' dower at Uho ' .r hands of herlMaker;fi vj I'fUi'r. That woman retains moro of the refining andj purifying elementsn :rAii nqturo Should ibq (a;xp9stf ye d?m6H minds pf ailr. prspqs '9t dispernmqnt ibat Thai she $ho,;jhqs j.a '. jpecial .missionJ ; to purchase 6od "engravings. 'ijThe Jeyede- - - lights in color; even' crude coloring that hone":!TiifcH;dtiv If a wealthy inan buys beautiful ;.- 1 ; Jwithmbrp : iata purity f '.mgrV jn'taitjypcpncQptioi r..af,profwintvpii'li to 'assist 'iA rq(nstatingj man through her, powerful influence, in; pqrfoct-ingan- d ; . that ;sh'o may. ibecom'b jvith' him a participant Jn (tho glorious blessings ot that life which 4a .eternalan rWitHout refining, ., 4 ti h u,iiuU. to the of curso the Bfble, According part pronouncqd upon woman in the "Garden of Eden'f as" that ??her (desire: ahotid be 'unto her husband and he would fulo; over heri'M' Then was' she hot made equal fwith man,' and was it not through' her agency that God accomplished upon'tho earth' the' purpbsbs of its creation; for through, hor (came the knowledge of good and bVilj wlttiout which1 mankind could not have tbstod their Integrity before high heaven. And will it hot bo through' lier deVotioti to I6d!;ahcl!her roW crence for all thatls most holy and sacred that, will most effectually" !influenco nman tb become, parQ, that he may again dwell in ',!:; '; "!t ' '. :,) l Paradise, In what way can she b&t fulfill her; sal cred and hblyjmisslon, and what should bo her highest ambition?- This brings us back to tho point from which7 we started. That woman should bo a purifierofthe moral arid religious 'atmospheres of society is panuieu..,. '-- : paintings, as he can do evOn hero iu America, do faofej insist that it is'his duty to sendlhem idl off to the auction-room- ,, and,Substitute . photo, graphs ofiSistino Madonna Jfieven ja wo- - , man- feels thoughts, Jfiring,hex4hrain - while she l Jsijvashingidishes let Jier Jell .,lhem t0 the world it sho can get the world. to Jisten.s for.we contend, that tho people, 4)ther,than -- - f tngrea;"lighi.pfIltera thoughts to express, and original tht - " highly ncccsry. And what better proof do we need of the merit of her vork,: than onesV at" !rhougUtsfrnr of nyo uio yuo uruuuuiug uu llieir iAttjis na- - it som th ey "chance prising; 'but theorlginality is hot Impaired, : -- tii joem 'b afeat: poet :'a few1 lines are startlrigly similar to others' in some1 obscure' verses'' printed some ifozen years agoC Ofoursbhq'one -- could Wbo absurd as to imaglno that 'the'poe't had ever versos, but It they were: to 'i now, some astute : critic would express surprise at the daring plagiarism; of thcrhym- ster. v 15 The wiiter haslnover been: a correspond-- f entof Dr. Holmes, and has never used, the aTht -- -- seen-thos- re-appe- 1 e ar ' words flush and swirl,1.' so the.; rhymed let- ter jin arepent fAUantic!l'i.-(nipersopnl behalf ;; in grievance but, j of allne wr writers, v who have thoughts, we would protest against the injustice. .Critics seem. tOj forget ;that and that each coming; our.X)ets( are mortal, '. cycle will refuse to bo , satisfied f with even their echoing songs; every .time yiU count, its? rising baUcls of living singers; '.''."V"' . . . . . , ' Woman'sJdtiai; admlratioiipf woman, then Will ivbman. if she has lived up to. her privileges, be ready JvLO. to standby his side to counsel and ' advise,5 to comfort arid 'to blessl l '' 8..L. City, March 20th. 1$7&;J t ' - Measure the stone by your' nil 0 and ' f ( Even jn these; days, of Centennial "ire-- '' dom, one is occasionally, reminded i that all despotism, of i various degrees,. Is not : ; J ' -- yet thrown byr'thb waves opnb cbntury. upoIl the shoreX.' of, another,.Ji ,t , , ti ;il .U.'t Wi4 v We too often I lerate foolery Out . of com- -' plaisanco,and play: the fool from the same Weak motive; r to understand a subject, hear want you tIf a man speak 61. 1 1 whoso7 business if Is.; If to understand thb Vnan,lhear liini,. you ' spedk of 8omethincr else: iJi U7JK r There is no 1 ivi hg crea t u , tha t g i ves, a: ussuch an iaea bhappine'ssVas bird,as it skims ;pi light ,fwingang the c'theri alights pn" flowery; shrubs, or on the Ibv;b'f a lofty tree', or dresses JItsspringy by "a plumage "'ri ,l"'lrm fountain or a Thcro is thpdaspotism of society, which issues irrevocable edicts, and forbids ail in dependence of thought and action; banish-- , log the intelligent and refined who may not possess the requisite amount of money, and ': making abject slayes of its votaries. There is the despotism political, giving ing power to one sex only, to make laws for . Mho other. Therej3 the despot of art, who sneers at ' - t - ? Old men tare like,jho i: wrecks of ,timf pet ry DESPOTISM. ; not t your rul6 by the stone. i ) One ungratgfufman does an injury to ah ;" who arb wrtaiodl ', ",v'' ni , : . , . J L' j a(ynd hourly e'xperjence; tipughts .wrenched out of iiart and'brain wUh such pan -- ( ..' 1 - . i better - u-- 5 her-bspet-ia- l divinity yis ten by so dbIn'atiortha!;ihe, ou&hf Instead, 1 . i pfi iibF-HeT- f . is apparentrtd fho casual observer or care- ful readerj iwomah seeks, rfor the beautiful Iri nature arid Drnamentatiori-Nor? is this any direct indication of frivolity or vanity,-o- rQathelp-!mc- e IiaVe left the best ?and faired s 5 is f.cndowQJ and '.grace, -' , above almost at(f bthers 'should l. be f righ tly 3 : -- yet stamp indeliblynjton the public mind; . 4 - ance, and 'perhaps undemonstrative direction of woman, mother sister, wife - or friend? Then why seek- - to- - rob woman of . the privilege assigned ..her;r in her creation, to be a helpmeetf Whyi should she not stand side by side with her brother, in all questions of interest for the common weal? For my part, I glory in the moral: courage; which arms womani wi the suflicien 1 1 heroism td stand forth in hdr: own defense,' against ' any invasion upon her inherited; rights and privileges. X kno wi fliat i 9 though womanr may entertain some ideas that may not bet wholly consistent, yet opt of the movement which she-i- making to become .more thorr oughly developed and highly educated, will yet spring a nearer conception of Roman's v oman muse even t . mission ana worK. aUyj see (howeyer distastefut to the opposite sex the result may:be,) that It is necessary to 'possess sunlcient ,strength'4bf individual character : to- protect her pw.n purltjr-and- 3 chastity instead of relying upon 'the'sferner sex. Nor need man fear 'that a wbmanwho has ' all the attributes" of mjnd ' hndef ''the highest f8tate of cultivation will bo less cap! able of loving a husband ;ibr lovje is a part of her nature, inherent in'heri very being' which has been transmitted to her through' her divine parentage,and !which also proves her to be near akin to God, whom John tho beloved disciple describes in the 4th chapt-e- r and 16th verse of bis Epistle, thus, "God iS'lQVei'ii Ih' y tv:.r.i;i- tlXt lUh'i l.Uul v . A higher ed ucationisvill not Jnako woman less capable of loving, but it will qualify her to place her aflections upon an, object worthy .of. the best and truest .affections of hcrvomanly nature. Consequently men! who would :i stand, high in woman's favor must be; in, themselves inbre worthy, and make for themselves a superior standard of morals;' and !li'ye by a 'higher la w ' And -when men can command hv roil mpr!i r Many won I It not 'cjuItfiuo'.watth'6f6 iogoodi and strengthened InHfe' their lives founded and toiieo! tHrough'thbiriflu . - daubs toh educated reyeIethcrgrdtify t jiat love; besprrfor' her that? she dtinbt have th e ad vant ages :$hti pmves; ' liut do riot j tell her that fch'rombr are quite :eheapand infinitely snperior to anything she can proman habgar i pretty- cheeiCT duceIfpbor ' fui ehjromos 'on Ws walls? (dS himr that he will i Uate t livsinponthe 'earfhhar "In mea we various ruflnf passions fla woman two almost divide tbe.kindj la Those OQlj ftx'd,' they first orJast obey, ; ; r r The lore of pleasure, or the love of sway. f ! Xs . , umeminino. -- prevent every,, one exa or cept ennyson a'Bro'wpin'gor few of our own eminent poets and , authors, from ! ' ,r, . f , , using; tho pen. Jf a girl ppsSQSs a passion for painting, eyen thoiigh her rushlyield Nothing but" : xiusut wives anu uaugmersTjo someming - Would, if, possible, f ? -- ihelbw'.iestto havp of ; a decisive or fer in their opinions upon this subject accord ing to their own tastes and cultivation. Tha t th ere should bo; some standard ness, to bo attainedand judgment all will ;rree4 Pope in his "Moral Jsaya ; ? feaf-me- ni. 5 Men dif- satisfactory-answer- .- v., j : ' V-- Ji-- - 9 ; t mu-mu- . , V ... . - ' .... 