WO. M A N S EX P O z - For the Expojekt. MISUSE UP POWEK. the organization should remain dormant; thateither should tryannize over and sub-- : jectiheothers. Yetibiirortai-wik- . ness, we call it "human nature," that one or the rest at times, propensity and often in spite of better Judgment, makes men and women speak" and act like c dolts; To bring all the selfish and ignoble qualities of our natures into subjection before the better and higher ones, is the individual mission assigned to each one of us. But the bounds at times, and how we over-ste- p wander strangely from the given path. Our, great desire to be magnanimous in helping others to improve their waysy makes us forgetful to reform our own. And thus it is, that whether we study and practice or not, we are quick Jo show our wonderful appreciation of right and order, by assaying to govern -actions, tongues and tempers for those of whom we receive the guardianship. If we are parentsf our children should be perfect, self-contr- compassionating woman's first preat frail t v. had planted this jewel in; her breast, whose hcavenlike influence should cast into1 for. getfuiness: man's remembrancorof the Fall, by building up: in.bi? heart another Eden, where perennial flowers forever bloom, and crystal (waters gush from exhaustless foun- or as nearly so as possjble, notwithstanding "Wrnowhr Tnconsistencies. If Statesmen, a of rulers nation, the people for Whose ben. efit wo labor, who feed "and clothe, and find us luxurious homes, must be respectfully submissive to our prudent wise decrees, even though we, ourselves; are pen viola-tersthe country's laws. But such is not the pattern God has given for those who wish to follow after Christ. He requires none to be more holy than Himself. To prove would be His faithful Friend, Ho1 asked no larger )f - that-Abraha- boon than He wa on the ungrateful, unbelieving world. a-se- lf If this example were followed by God's children on the earth, we should have no "might opposing right,'; we should know no wrongs created by the misuse of power, y;-- Mabel. over them with wmht em.. 'i. them weirdown, in the water, the loss of - ( FASHIONABLE WOMEN; es ol ' , Fashion kills more women than toil and sorrow. Obedience to fashion is- a greater transgression to the laws of woman's nature, a greater injury to her physical and mental slave-woma- -- fashioti-pam-pere- d cp NoteTrtliemmla ionable mcfther. i They nearly all sprang from strong-minde- d rwomen, wha had about as little to do with , fashion as with the changing clouds. Ex. . 1 ii FLORAL HINTS. The following beautiful tribute to Wo-- ; man was written many years ago. It occurs in a tale of touching interest, entitled "The Broken Heart" its author Dr; F; J. Strat-to- Autumn LEAV:VGather as large, a num-- . ber and as great a variety of these leaves as you wisli, usolqM ok&TorxiryJng, orold "Oh, the priceless value of the love of a tube woman! Gold cannot purchase a gem Titles and honors confer upon the heart no such serene happiness. In our darkest moments, when disappointment and ingratitude, with eroding dir gather thick around, and even the gaunt form of poverty menaces with his skeleton fingers, i t gleams around the soul with an angel's smile. Time cannoi mar its brilliancy distance but strengthens its influence; bolts and bars cannot limit its progress; it lollows the prisoner into his dark cell, and sweetens the homely morsel that appeases his hunger, and in the silence of midnight it plays around his heart, and in his dreams he folds to his bosom thejorm of ;her who loves on still, though the World hai turned:, coldly 'from him. The couch made by, the hand of the loved one is soft td thewea limbs of the sick 8ufferer,aridthe' potion administered by the same hand loser half Its bitterness. The pillow carefully adjusted by her brings repose to the fevered brain, and her words of kind encouragement revive the sinking spirit It would 'almost seem that God, so precious! magazines, .or. newspapers;, ,putasmany leaves on a page asypa L&n, only not let x them touch each tother, then: turn five or six pages and arrange similarly until you fill your bookrplace in a cool dry place; under hourS, then a heavy weight for twenty-fou- r remove the leaves : to a dry book;, change them thus three times, when they will? be -in beautiful; condi tio$ arid .ready; for,; nsel , 'for Get some cake iraXi': such .as aridBet "fruit molding,' put.it' in a vessel i that in a. pan of water on ItherstoVowhen melted, add a , few drops of turpentine or fir balsam, to repder' thenar pliable; when is-u- sed - the wax is the right temperature, dip the leaves in one by one, or spray by spray and hold each until cool, then place them upon newspapers tp harden completely. Thus prepared they will 6361 the natural ap. pearance of.the leaf, but to give them a r, glossy surface give them1 a thin coat of varnish with a: camel's hair brush. The best time to gatbeV. ferns for winter use is September and October,' also all kinds of - varieties of 'autumn berries. grasslandskill and Ingenuity inay arrange Ladies of " these so artistically asto beautify and adorn their homes with very little expense. . . V W i ritmilfitnnt r . ': hf ft Slvoon!nn . . mntfAn Txt.- - aownwara tapping, as fast as the leaves are cleaned they must be put in clean water and left until the bleaching process, which i-i" qiiyuju vy uyuO i OWU UB . HO XHQ pUoSlUlU. best method, for bleaching is with a solution of chloride of lime, and immersing them a day or two in a covered dish, in a dark closet, and2 covered with a folded towel. To make the solution, take one iL chlQrideooX.ljnm iaa.ouart of water, well until dissolved, then bottling the clear liquid for use. Some experienced operators prefer using chloride of soda. "After bleaching the leaves, put them in clear water for . twenty-fou- r hours, float off or a card and VUU gVUUjr ICM UYC1 UII a ouu uupmii, luru : ?i I 1 ' C .1 ,1 iU f i xi until an iiie uioisiuro is uuurucu, uuu mcu curled gracefully or pressed between the leaves of an old book, under pressure. They Vi table-spoon-f- "J ' II Vinn rtniir V n rt rl I r r S n I tori 1 r rr suit thfi fastr nndnr a fTass shade or in a deep recess frame. ; Frames lined with orl tn Velvet are very beautiful. dark-colore- d : A black cross, covered with them is very pretty. Sdch leaves as contain tannin should novpr hfi Dinned with others, such as Oak and IHzel, ,A method sometimes used. for these jeayes ia to put with them a number of j the caddis worms wliich eat away all ot the soft green part of the leaf, leaving the skeleton, entire. The making up of these phantom leaves requires tact and nicety, A fittte MissViifing, to .her father on tne first daybf her entrance at Warding school said: ''The first ercniDg we had prayers and tlieh sin gin gi arid a passing round of 1read vhich I did not take, because not being confirmed, . I thought I had to rifiht to Ukcoriuni Ailcnrardj I learned I De-ma- 4 . . , A. 1 A 1 BEAUTIFUL EXTRACT. n: ; : to.order.; . They dress nobody, and save nobody. ; They.write boolKthey set no rich examples of virtue and womanly life. If they rear children, servants, do all save to conceive and give them birth and when reared, wha t are they ? What do they ever amount to but weak scions of the old stock? Whomever heard of a fashionable woman's child exhibiting any virjfoe or power of mind for which it became eminent? Read 4 h. ; the lends of fc little force of character; tliey have still less power of mOraT will arid quite as little physical energy. Th(6y live for rid. great purpose in life: they accomplish no - worthy ends.. They are only doll formsf in .the, Jmnds of miliners and servants;, :&.J;rMs'e(Labd fed uiu6 juuic Hiicu uceueu, iu Keep up the'" quantity. After two weeks examine them and if some are pulpy, take those out, let those which have kept well remain, examine them once or twice a week, do not dis- ... it mW 41 wai luu mucq; auer the ileaf has lulu l"c l . TArkmVk climtr nnl r.nin.i n slipping a card under them, and allowing them to float off into a basin of clour venter. ine cleaning process is the next, for which you will need a stiff camei'x hair brush, a stiff bristle brush, and a tooth-brusSlip the leaf off upon a piece of smooth glass, gently pass the brush over the surface, aiding the brush with a stream of water poured over it carefully. Then slip the leaf again into the wafer, and let it float nff nn in fho side cleaninsr that in glass on the opposite the same manner; the green surface must . ha ontiraltr until UU11 i.a(l:. IliU UlfJK iUUki il uuwviuu n xne son nviyu& brush will not do it,vuiuajreiiimu, the stiffer one or the tooth-brus- h must be applied; and for some strong Jeayes gentle scrubbing is necessarvi 4 constitution,' than poverty and neglect. n The at her tasks will live and or three genergrow old; and will see-tw- o ations of her mistresses fade and pass away. The washerwoman, with1 scarce a ray of hope to cheer her in her toils', will live to see her fashionable sisters die all around her. The kitchen-mai- d is hearty and strong, when her lady has to be nursed like a sick baby. It is a sad truth that women are almost worthless for all and women. l r-- Skeleton or Phantom Leaves: The collection of tho various kinds of leaves having been made, place them in an open tub or pan, covering them several inches above the leaves with rain water, then put them in the 6pen air in full ?Put a pano or two of glass or a sunlight china light plate r tains." - - , -- God never jravo to man nor woman, brains, heart and muscular strength, with the intention thatany power pertaining to over-balanc- NE N T. .t .; m i The coltiratlon of such manners as fchall express the best feelings,1" the : nollct , thoughts, the refinement and grace of iheTikiud and th; heart, is a thing vhich cannot be 'too highly thoaghtof,; or set about too soon. 3 11 :. i -J 