A'i1tAhI10s 4 . ; FIRST EXPERIENCE AWAY FROM HOME. ing the citytind sailing: out through ( l who probably; never had tii pri Vilego' j of ' ;5t LatfendingSuhday 'sclidpl? would "be 'seetf" running td and1 fro with flaskets on iihhlf y arms,1 crying Pujt to the passengers :io' buy s' their fruits; for they were little fruit ven- - ir5 FHO jM. HAWAII, dei. ' J-.iJ- .. 5iiL"!'!!ii 'Ml y m )U of 14 t h f :Wd.. Sunday; School, ,Wi arc? When' :' wo I arrived at Sacramento, and enabled to, publish; jhejfoliqwing interesting: ,; J while the train was stopping for half an epistle rfrpm , Elder Samuel ? IV Richards, i i hour, I went on board a large steam boat standing in tho Saerament67riear its bank. .1 well remember with what feelings it There were also: many: other: vessels near was that I arose before the school to bid by and these were the first that I had ever school the to matesahd with good bye my seen. It was also the first time that I had which I had beeri cbnnect&l 'ever vsinee its ever seen a really large river and city ,:t d; at in first organization realizing and also so. xtiany people gathered - together, l h& time, that I was to leave probably i for at one, place; wiihtheexception! fwhen years, and possibly for ever' to go forth and conferences ?werb held in;8. t, the forlabor in the vineyard of the Xord, in a L. City. But- tho Sacramento ?B.;R. (?Pot eign1 land'and among a people" spealdng a, is Hurt througedmearlyldtaryxlay.- ; i:: ". to prolanguage! foreign to my own;' and At 7.8Q p. J m;)on Monday thef 2nd .day ,r claim to fhexft th'fe .'truths of tti'q everlasting j from home,: th e sears d re W ju p a't S lOa k lahdH Gosbei, 'trusting in God alone for assist-'"- i of ithonharborl;i ferrj'onnthe oppositeiido e from San Francisco and we-thpassengers? : My associations wlta the' Sunday School huddled orl rather, into wereiishered, were, j always pleasant; and many are.- the whattat first appeard to4 bcT a sheep tpenin-- j T ideas and I , good principles .there; learned, ;U closed:by a high picket fence, tut. which WPo that have been useXul to, me, and yhich soonfoun(l x?llt ito bo theijen trance totho ndvershali forgei.;-aV;l.V,r;;t:. ,harbor iferry iboat f flh'ev Way .Wo .went uin; n I Jeft home relatives and friend on the there was like first day of Nov, 1873, .accompanied to Ogv). for there were adriving sheep intoja,:cortalp. great many jjlcpple .waiting den by some of my relatives, whom Ibid to godn and theoentrance,. oc? gato,iiwas a v.l good bye at the ; depot; at 7.15, p?m.; when narrow one admitting only one: personata. , the cars started and, we sped swiltly on the time, for no one was alldwed to goiin wlioif did not have ai ticket to present tothe-kcep'Although the separation from those near Cr.'-!!)': J ,i:iu"J'IilM 'J Mil; :'ilAh;i and dear. to me left feelings 'of sadness, in At the Wharf on the bppdsi to ?vsld q itbero, i v my hearr, yet' it was not' long before .they'' was an. immense crowd r assembled' andi it vt were expelled by the etcitement irith' was with difficulty that we foll6wed,'.our!- -, which I was surroundd,ahd through t my guide to; the coach that was to .take us to' dcsjre to jsee the. new. scenery "and bvery ,, the hotdl.s: It i seemed ;but a ,n of was to seen be interest that the ph, thing found myself on toplbf;that tcoach fxvlth. a ?I was It a for beautiful way, moonlight riigtit, number of other,s aiHUwas-ridin- g through i and .objects at, aVconsiderable distance, could ; crooked winding strxJetannd cross roads, in unseen inmost as uisuncuy as4ac noon-aay- ., the midst of rumbling vehicles; and clatter-jn- : uur iuuu party eousisieu pi. six persons. ingof horses hoofs over the pavement .of ?X u. iiam pert ana wife, if.fcJ. Wpol-- : viz.: rough cobble stono andfwq'fcamo todlstaatl ley and wife, B.; Stringham Jr, and myself. in front of ithp hotel.all young, the eldest of the company beiher What iv relief it seemed to get into a . but 23 years old. quiet room where we ;co"uld?h&r aurselvcT We were4 all of a somewhatJiveIy; dispos- talk. I almost imagine I can hear that ition and consequently did liot hiig sorrow, jumbling noise now; Ve previously which omewhat' surprised ' the passengeH:;.. to spend .bu tone jdayin San ranci3-"con the:train,Jfor numbers of them asked ,us bat the sailing of the vessel, which was 4how it wasthati we, leaving our i homes a r to "take iis? Wa'postpo'nafrdiri Wedreday"-tunder stich circumstances, cbuld do; so and' Saturday. Wo passed hwa5 Ihoz tlnto feel' 'so light hearted TYi iGf; course .they did w, in looking about the city and visiting places not know as we Hidi that wo woroT crn in tr, ac.. ; of note and interest.' GOOD to true of the.call the servants of cording j' Twas hero that 1 first-sain large num God, to do iljli will and ;. His vprk; and that ':b6ysaiid'i)d6t- blatlrsJof' HdidiDpt.ffulfbus pujltong faces anil whom mojt feuntlayiSchcorehndreii in Utah--' to goywith downcast couhtenaftces. have heard'sb bftfc'nJilt Kvab realIy-amu3Ito ehtprjipto minutia6 and 'tell about all I' saw on that jshbr. sw'ift ride ,"bf tw6 'days ; :1 ing to see and hear theni' paradifj thV : ; ; , 1 or floats!; ,f oryhether. they !ivo ordio.'!: All;,but .twqf our,.littioparty werelic but in tUe'; course of three 'or fou'rdays they vere . weirahd hearty,' and we all enjoyed as best we'could, the balance of our long tedi- : . ; 1 1 ' s . : San Francisco, i wo aroso 'frdm oiir berths and found ourselvea.in. sight of, land, the- . vessel sailing, busily nlong rtho -- island .of v "Oahu,? tho. principal! of. thi5r the ,Sand- wich s Jslands.V!; erroun.' This made every heart clad. for t all worn wparv. nf thft " spa ....... voyage and wishing to get to land. Of courso tho vessel was immediately in ,' - , - ; 1 . ! ''''y" On the morning of the 17th day out from ous- sea 'voyage: 1 '. : , aro-afflicted- , . -- , : , ; . . - ; ( - hl . , ? ' -- most entirely des3rtedThis"ra8 the re. suit of sea 'sickhels something which af. fects nearly all, who live on land entirely, wheri: they .first go to sea. T: , : Not being troubled with sea sickness my self I could not sy mpathizejwitl those .who were; pus tti if sucn faj disagreeable thing .with it do nnt. that those who care,.at thp:time,r whether the. "ship sinks the-war- sremi-annu- ; -- J 5 By "cciirtcsyiof- Brother GefrrH. Taylor, tho u bay is really grand to behold. Wliiieth6 "tug was fast to our vessel if glided smcqthlyover .tho1 surface of the sea; 'arid everybody1 on board seemed to feel firstrate; but Justii3 soon as thoj,,tug,: iet go, theivessel begair to; roll jand rock; and then O! what a change came o'er their tho passengers) 'dreamy One.py:;ono. they began' to descend into itho cabin,;and;to hunt lor uieirperins, pr.oeqs, ana long before wo. were out of sight of tho "Golden Statej". ' : ; to enter the larbor and the passengerspr paring to go ashore,- ':Befoej ye came in sight of Honolulu thol. pilot boat was seen sailing toward us, for, rtho pilot jhad pre-- , yiously. boon, signaled Jo, come aboard and -take the vessel in-- r l0 - , fr ' Having been sent to labor amongst the inhabitants of these islands, I was, of' course,1 naturally anScibui1 to see 'What tho7 - : -- : . j. . t ;- 3 - ; ; - j . . language;;? I?thcrefore drew near where tho boat came Uioiifif 'sida of Uh"oj"Bark:" Jmag-in- o : . ex-jpect- my astonishment oat! beholding some ' naked na-- : half do2ieja tlarge, fives; at least their only article of clothing was whatjs, j termed i in - native a "malo,": ed; dark-skinne- o, ! : o : tiedppout .:theirloins,fl .Wheaxi talking . . w. bers-'the-new- s - ' i' i " -- kreetst"tlielrf5dfffefentlaVbcUti6bs;e of road of, the ' mbs t;.' beau tifiilV. scenery, UJ would take'.up'tbo mucli" of my; timejand tho1-J- , it lo say that everyhiute, Wrlmdsthexh ibited 'some tienc,q,; Suffice lurusHJJK iu Jiuruu iu thing r"ne w; and ! ; -- -- ut im? xvuuy- vuuu,ycj - .... ,j ,j r .tt ( xuyun-tasiy- v...?f;-- j " " if . The second 'day of pur traveling we pass-',-5 ed ajgreat deal of beauUfiil SQenery through V ' Truckee, :fr6m whero; largo quantities of, lumber are shipped to .8. 1, City, and'pver;, : inirt of tho road, there aro great many B. K. stations whero littlo towns have sprwogr up and where 4ho trains etppfor a few mn. utca at each place. Shortly beforo l reach-- ; ; whistle would,: lug a station tho ena-inoblow which; would apprise the people of;ther r near approach ?otl a train. Hardly would i; the gratings of tho wheels of tho stopping ' cars ceasoj.when numbers of boys and girls, ; : , - - bBtli easahtly anMtP011 fo;nptJiatty)kii;6ey,said-wasoae,--long,continuou- Sun'da; Schdol1 ifrjQnasneVe'jrMli the ldrgeseitles 'btfh6,ai'?:tl"ir'J-tTi-l- r boardahejark; carry us .ncros,, 1 re .firreata'aciffo: ocean smaUel,' aloiicr.s do nf iimWanki in. I ri f nl!? past the .''Golden Gate, tho jiaine 'given to V tho 1- - the entrance to tlie harbor;;!fJlere.are manv beautiful eights to:bo seenin' Bah Jfrancco iuniuu vuu u u vL&fcUi wiiiie icav- - s . iu - Ci.V .;5 left wahaicw) fho;tre wbwo Svfntbr hadufc 'on. !iadvcM their j . leaps, Us hWpe&dm nmk ancl we Had 'seeiiQ1 - SnoVfayirrilHd1?rburid;t-'Bt- , arriv- t it seemed like -- Win-tar passing1, from to spring; for here tho grass was green t and1 growing onthd hills,' tlie leaves green thd'treeaand the flowerd in bloom" iathr oJ iii Y peat, pretty ardec.i-- i : On -- It was the, sudden change. th'at! mpdo Urrria'ce inBlaliirthS'.'rbor - j . Saturday fifterpoon on j , ing-tier- ancaasnlm .it word, uttered in one breath,, i anoihexjestion, immed,iately sprung . upr withirl 'myself;44 wonder if J shall oyer, p i able.t undqrtand.any one,.: who speaks as. i fast as they, appear to talk?'' The.n:rememw bermg the nromise qf theeryants ,of uoa M thatV yhijuiaT obtain "knowledge ; of the e Myyouhffifr noir Hbtf lrftrAj'offilltiV1 manypcdpltKero7 they have 'm privilege W visitqrfe!s eyes' ; ia for &Ims1- wt- oi& slirjv mill bly spent in4hflaref tityjarrd "Ihe nitfc'' couritrIad 'saw1 rHanhnpMo;1ipeHi ffl uuv wiiv ijnu nuvur uuiore leit ,11113 seemed speeiliiy'KiSwyr'edif the stfeetsJasin Our1 tihie was- ; ! 5 . : d; . appear terirf AsHoW j thnative7 salritlieard' of i flocked where; wo wer6 " arrlvlii-tHe- y "to tetopj Bpcd , ag, to see us; but as they could not a word of Englisfii ''rjor Wfb a word ofaiawa Han. ? xt& crtiild nbt converse with tflexa. in- Only tmotfons 'Until they brought In an : 1 ' 