WOMAN 'S EX P ONE N T . It. & REPORTS. ftldcr. and esDecIally If they marry, they'll find a balm for every wound, and that, like the hero or herbino of a romance, the troubles are all ended, and there will be no more need of exertion to make onesself hapWill be the crowning -py, for portion of married life. Now we would noi for the world shatter vAiiirttf it Airstlerof5 falry BDlendorrTior dim I ta lustrous brilHancyi but we .would only5 f i The. General Retrenchment Meeting, held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturday, Oct. 28, was well attended. The minutes read oil thftt 4icai6nfrdint1hedlf--'- " bliss-suprei- ne ferent societies deserve praise; they, were fullof wiso and choice remarks from " the young members of the different or-- " ganizatipna The' blossirig which have al--- j 2xeady accrued from .theseidnstitutions canAf. fhn nstfmjitml.' iPririsIdnnt Mrs. M. I : ! - l ask yon: toibe thoroughly consistent , vff th disciyourself and see whether you have so to fit plined yourself iia body and mind as .you to fill a sphere more advanced than the one in which you, are now graded. Every alep wo take highQr.;requires careful prepa.ration, and attention to its higher jas, just as surely as does preferment in a school. Our whole life i$ symbolical of a school; it may.well be termed que. .True marriage is a rauk abovei'single life, and is indoed to bo ide3ired, but do ! not thiuk for one moment that you Willi not need to exercise all your faculties! to gender you competent to nu this hlghei: position; just so surely as you enter it without, careful? consideration of all it iavolvesand a correct understanding of its being another prolific source or mannoiu developments so surely will :oa nave 10 feel the sting of disappointment. .. : in , If you have . heretofore been nursed tho lap of indulgenceLand tad every desiro of vour childish heart gratified, then be- ifore you take'iato your keeping the affection v and. welfare ol either :a ausoana, or ,wne, MusQ-fo-r: lydu must be prepared to exer ; else selfdenlal-rciio- ol yourself well jn this, tears or if you would not ehed many bitter, find t. one to whom, you have given so much (your dear un tutored Self) requ ires, you to be con-- ? , pally, suggesting to the sisters tho propriety of entering Into some understanding that would facilitate tho accomplishment of the --"object-. . m-- anckSarah OaunselorarB.IIRnbw.... 11 1 1 . t.wI iu 11.1. 1 ou unafsuujcvfc other general ones the principles of eter-na- l life, the increase and multiplicity of cares and burdens; said that those who were 1 -w, iM. JLVimDail DOin spuu -- not livitog'ln the line of their duty would scarcely be able to endure all that was laid a.upon them to bear. Counselor Ik Howard 4,oko In reference to her recent? journey among' the Relief Societies, and the, great desire they manifested to hear instruction,; and the courtesy shown by Bishops and pre-- ; ; siding men in tho places fche visited, Coun0 selor B. iw. Smith spokot or. tUftj woman's store, of the great good to be derived from; an institution of home manufactures, if carried out' upon a systematic plan lor the ' 11 . public weai. t. : 1 - ana jj aWALLSBUiia,i Wasatcii Co. , Oct 3 1 st. : Editor- Exponent $.ILL-T-- r OnFrlday, fcept. zy, we had a pleasant visit from Sisters E. Iloward endVE. S. Bar. ncy7vhO) by thok teaching ami instruc- - - i 'iJSistentj'l tlon fgreatly encouraged the sistera of this little burg. Our Relief (Society is in a flourishing condition, and a majority off tho - j "sisters are trying live their religion - '"Wishing success i tof every enterprise for the good of Zioti and the blessings of God to attend you in your JatorSj as well as all - who- - are working" for tho sjJrtmdof truths ' . $ AftXii Glenn, fcc&etaty. '. IMy dear girls,, don t think I am overdraw ing the picture. There is a way to bo happy, certainly, but that girl who marries to become ' more happy, who docs not know how to create happiness in her father house is but illy prepared to make it in her new andufl tried &$kr& ' " Cultivate all those i, raceg oTTOljPd ,and cliaracter that arc en- tne arta ana wncstnat cnarmv auraDie,-no-t solid' and sterling qualities which but the' enhance the valud of every good and truo woman, and area moro precious dower to 'bring to the marriago altar than the wealth I1! ! 1 l tJ5E CONSISTENT. io . ) t -- ' :;, 'j-- & you.r.'aTp'-V(p- y think that j&pi-.-$- beautiful any gi vs a firm support-Howev- er edifice may be, however charming any idea or principle, if it lack strength it is liable to fall. Then, my dear young friends, strengthen your lives by the development of all the substantial qualities of head and heart; and, girl, do not forge tUbat mother has had an experience which qualiflesiher to give you just that counsel that will help you to govern and control' your ofttime restlessness, and moderate ?your ilnconsia. ? teneies."1 .JMany .of, them 'young run away from long sermons, and theynovcr read long articles pnnuy. pt fh'o , subjecia ; whlchare esseutial.fox :them to 'understand, ( it is absolutely necessary fbr'somo one to take them in hand and tell them In some inadvertent manner, inconslsteri. th ' reiiized ; . . j. to addres9Irb or uoys. in mis article ivu try; ana make It brlen:1 they both need' training many ialsa?ldeas .oriife, its du lies and tq sponsibiiitics. Tliere are so many of them that get the impression that' when they aro .... 'x 't ituv Jl w6hiati ali at bnco above : the "necessity of Oxertldn: and that7 ihrouirU this means ono iu-- j of-the- ir I do n6tknow;wheiher -- ;rdau5ht?rs to comprehend tho high and holy in'-'filces'of wife 'and motherhood. j so , have at last the necessity of training: their , , I ' obtains ease and I . , ftnd , happiness,-canno-t yv uiapcuvu, lur euua vuir Aur Jeiris . L n ueiusion is sure to uuluusiic uuiiaiuvss, 'if not Itcdnes, p1 too soon UlSCOmlOrt divoTce These with or. - ;' dinary marriage relations. :r It la doubtless OWing to the falso hotidhs of complete and Aunt , Em. " simpliC' nn thfi tuintrnrv. is alwavs allied-toity and a judicious and tasteful employ-ment of the means of good and happiaes which is at command. It seeks to divest j itself of superlluities and aspires continn- j -purity.7--1 RefinemeBt ally, to the utmost leads to personal ' cleanliness and elegant neatneas1,' good taste and simplicity in dresi , All loudness" or ilashines3,, is repugnant to Its spirit. In Its home and surrounding whether palatial, . affluent, or hufflDie-tsame chastencss and natural'grace maintained 'fThe abode of genuine refine-ment and a There pretender to' . It, are veiy different. In the former you will fiDd j; excess, gaudiness or false glittering j but r latter abounds In 1 1 , In ' personal mannej refinement Is most conspicuous A) man J i refinement isid ways pblitowfithotit fourfca j tcentjo without effeminacy and consider ' 1 - . , .;t. -- e . .rr. Refinement is "not ia'tidi6usnessi!' It is not luxury, ' ItisJ'othIng' of this kind. It is far removed frbrh excess or waste.; A or person truly refined will' not squander needlessly consume any thing.' Refinement, t U 1 REFINEMENT.1 ut : - i , l ly pry-dent- t dbpts men or.women are to blame, tut that manyerroneous ideas are entertained aunts to want and lecturo them; ipothers on this subject; girls are very apt to think, 'hoijiehow. even the boys iire tmbre on the and they.are not in fault, custom has taught i A. r. look-oin Httfo'sido thrusts these pro9y . them, that their husbands must overlook all ' tho fon-- of. adyico fronir eldWrlV women, ,1; their imperfections and weaknesses, that the than fnm ttio fathers, uncles, or elder bro,. yct jul'i ui. iuuiorniiy is suuicient io eniiuo One would naturally.-lmibthe thers. them to all compassion and sympathy but ; . idea from these grounds that H was .woman'H how Is It? "Women find themselves totally i proviu.o to chpekj and jros train, and tone unqualified to enter upon these arduous du-- . dowi ihrough this lecturing process,, the ties, which come perhaps almost unawares extrtiuva into jWhich . the youngar(pt to upon.them, and then they are ready enough boiled.. Xlovo dearly, to; gtyo Ifttlo, im. to come to mother j or aunt, or some good 1 tho lectures to; .whenever ..promptu, friend they have proved, for advice and .yoxiug .. ' nat-it' seomV au somehow upportupity, get 'comfort advancement . ' 6f knowledge and wisdom and lieht ural,al though it may apt bo always pleas-upon folks,3 ant for ; the I .llTlid perfect wedded bliss that there has been of late years so many suits for divorce, and so much dissatisfaction in the married state; css ui ana mucn oi uuss uvyiwg i novel reading, sensational and extravagant, diametrically opposed to common sense ideas. This generation profess great wis. dom and enlightenment, and science is maMngrapIdzratrides, and one fancies that mankind are approaching very near to per: faction in many things, but there is still a at in regard to the great deal to bo guessed nature in man and assimilation of human : woman. And no doubt while we live on the earth we shall always have need of char, shortcomings and incon. ity for each other's we can savo young peosisteneies. But if error, which our ex. ple from any excess or to avoid, if they can perience has taught us of breakers which be induced to steer clear have wrecked those' who had not been and . carefully., trained, let us do so in all earnestness. And to the young peolife straight in the ple we would say, look too much, but bear face and do not expect in mind that every person is the architect of the structure which surrounds life with misery beauty, gladness and peace, ortowith build well, wishes and squalor. If one let him carefully observe the architecture of others, and cautiously lay a firm foundation first, afterwards ornamenting and adorning, and remember that it requires patience, will and energy to complete any arduous of undertaking. In every part or portion which life one essential item is strength, ho 1 ; ? .without sUffness. Display and cerenioc are not identical with- - refinement and p6or substitutes for It There 13, otcoar no refinement likeihat of the. heart, ntfhtJ J? impels its possessor to show on' all tho for a thoughtful and kindly regard others. ' No adherence to'cllw ingof can compare with it for the spontaneous sorvatlon of true and gratifying jklitenc - a--1 1 j r ; ; T 