.,. i TV O M 152 .'t -; In the world a man liyps j in his own age; in solitude, in all ages. : MRElizabeth Repter is the oldest I - . . r great faculty of speech. -- a " " A - Mau' v .? f : 0- , r ; . r i . 5 :' ; j IN DEA.LEB rr-- Watches j Clocks, and Jewelry ' , ." ':,?(':;;B'rothciV:Bank. Watches and Clocks Repaired and Warranted fo The Ladies of Utah are invited to visit our New lArt i; ,'f Caiicry, the finest in the West. We will how then specimens of our first, premium portrait and landscape Photographs hi all branches Includ-J- n enlargements from small pictures, any s ze r' $tyiet the coloriegrin water colors, Inkorolli U byQ. M.' Ot linger, which 13 a sufficient guarantee at excellence, ,uur v , , prices are pnt at living rates. and We spare no pain3 to produce satisfactory workf ' ' are determined to excel in all we do. ' A full, assortment of Day and Sunday School I rlzes and llcturcs of ail kiuus kept in stock. Frames, Chronics ' ;"' '"" '" OU hand. f:. C. It. SAVAQB, ' Send your orders" to ' Salt Lako City, Utah.; i: - - . :Xi ' - , - THE KIND OF I will sell all - fV- - , o i IV CE03IPTON, : R AUERBACH If you want your husbands to hare a pood, substantia. . send )e or Foreign, Suit, tithor Home-m- a ' ' '. them to the Raisiaa ; " UNITED ORDER OF TAILORS will take in payment, CASH, FLOUR, ' They '- J . BUXTia; and. EGGS, . P. G O S S, Supt. ' & BU0. 1213 XTC TST CG3- - , - CD Q2 ',: JCD .vi; fls'j " ' .; V IijKS, Cutlery, JXct . CurTrlcos will be a low as the lowest; Wholesale Bayers will find the nest Assortment and Bottom. Prices at v the old Fashioned House. i . " : 1 1 : nt I . " i. 1 i.rocacry Taulii Socfa IT. E. Phelfs, ' ; : ;! ; East Tkkple Steeet. IS? iDrrsrw-ooiDBirX JTCIOLESAIJ5 AJf b SPRING BEDS-WIRE- ' ITea tKers, ' ' , ; .3 i tXAZL DXJLIXB I : . F;U'.R N IT.U R .E! .; and Glassware, CuTLn'uY. and PlXtedwase! 23, MAIN RTIirKT, .iel. f ; f Wholesale and Itetall dealers 'In 1 ; SHOES, Home-mad- e 29 , N Fine Jiino of 1. ABIES' CORSETS. Q! a be tier onallty.and as cheaasi the Imported article. OU1 At the blore of the IT. O. Ilth WAIID, Four . .4 a w i rJ - . Lv M. WTO 1AV t 7 (' ' goods, we guarantee satisfaction, and win i:.Ke pleasure in maJCiigtoorder, ntlca i !.".:: . I rushes ai wo havo not dh hand. y; 11 O DRY 'GOODS. - 1 I PTI R B OOTS,; GENERAL ..Ij ;::-:-:'- ESC D Specialty in Gloves and Millinery Goods, Shajvs, Floicers, Ornaniehls, Elc, t Men's awl Boyt' Clothing, Hats and Caps, HooU uiidHlioes, Ladies' X oaks arvl Fur Motions. . Y GLOT II ING, Vv'holesale and Kctali Tcalers in Btapto and Fancy VEB i "X oo East Txpxjg tkeet, SaltLakb, Oty. - Supt. f L A 1) I E S PpApEL,agle-Hou: WEAR f 1 ; ': HOES W Mince Meat for Christmas. A full Supply of Presents lur Christmas and New 1 car in useful and substantial items. s Dried Apples, tothe many inquiries: I will take more gocu, souna r ruit. ! ' ' and rcascntble- Are the handsome, durable, easy-flttpriced urticies made by the , WOBKiKGHEH'S'-JSOCiATION, 87 Main St. Repairing: At the Towk Cu CS. Bum e, Done. Leather, Findings atd Kit at Moderate Rates. aad Currants and Christmas Fruits, cleaned aud prepared, thus giving a benefit to thoso wishing to prepare their Mt ; "EVERYBODY ; f - BOOTS Ai3D SHOULD AT TEASDEL'S after December r Second goqtb Street, Opposite Walk, J': TriE,:FIE3E,AR Qa and :', V ' v- . in all kinds of e ? , c-'- years (experience as ah Accouche r and Herbalist the makes a specialty of Female CcmplaLits, and of Fits. Office and resilience ot Morris' corner, one block south of the Theatre on the State ltoad. Has had . . i DJIY GOODS, XOTIOSS, GROCERIES, JIEA VYND SHELF HAiWWAR$y - GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ' STUDEBAKER' WAGONS, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMNETS, &c. hotrknQwiedgel'unjl v.eitse. it thatlt is not ours until wo have brouglit it under the . ' - ! Another sad accident has occurred through j to use.pf concentrated lye for washing. Mr. Doolanof Provo, has jusfe lost .a beautiful md interesting child, fifteen months old, from drinking lye.. Mothers, for the sal;e of your little ones, be careful of your lye; or still better, if possible do, not it. If it is necessary to use it, handle it with fear and trembling. Bo as careful as you would with a bottle of strychnine; you wuld hot put lliat down carelessly for fear of an acqident. The lye is just as deadfy, and perhaps more, dangerous, for it is so often carelessly handled. Every one who uses it knows, that after the box has been wet,4t continues to dissolve, often running over the box' and dropping from the shelf, making its way 'into unexpected places. My sister s.?t a cup of tea on. the shelf thinking she would drink it after a while. In the mean time" the lye box dripped into it. She burned her mouth very badly, but fortunately did not get any in "her throat. It caused her family great alarm for awhile. Ice melted is as good as snow or rain water, no matter, how hard or impure the water before freezing, it is purb ar.d soft afterward. ii good to clcarso water but is 'more expensive than lye. Tho lady's name mentioned in Pipey Paper of. Feb. 15, is Ilcward, not Ilcncor d, .as printed.. I have not time to write much now, I have been so crowded with Society business I will tall you souiething about it next. time. .,'..',.... Wholesale and IieUH Dealing ; ' PIPSEY RAPEf .. ' Thanks the Ladies of Salt Lake City "and Territory for their liberal patronage. She is How prepared to accommodate them with all tho Lateisc Tall and winter Styles ln"3IilJinery and Notions, at her new Store, No. 17 .Main Street. Givk Hut a Call. Prlcea to suit the times. that were sinners, and then express surprise " :r they do not aet like angels, ,1 Experience tells lis tliat knowledge if 1 nt t - Mich., has resigned her position as assistant teacher 'at the Spring Street School, and will enter the. office of the Saturday Evening Post. Miss Fisher is a talented young lady, and promises to make an excellent, business woman and journalist. an-cie- , N . iliss Emma A. Fisher, b"frand Rapids, her one hundredth year. She was tho last representative of a once powerful border-- clan. She was the daughter of the seventh earl, and upon tne death, in 1851, of her brother, Charles, the eighth peer, the title of the line became extinct. ir 3i i L L i e r y . ...a Ma.n y men treat others as though- they , L,idy Louisa Stua.rjt, the last descendant of the royal family of Scotland, died at ".Traquair House, near Peerblcs, recently, in KD FORCE PUBIPS- .' n - r ., place their affections on trifles at first for amusement; will flnd that those trifles become their most serious con- ' eern. I Many practise in private: what they condemn in pnblic, and think they pay every, debt to Virtiie u hent ilicy praise i -- y I:- - Pamps Ilepaired on short notice to.-- p from tho country promptly respdnped A'Mresi, Mitchell & Janet Box S0, Salt Lake City. Tiiev-- ' who citi- dfr inor KaiiBiovanni, and who lias' appeared in sevenil Italian companies as JMIle. Karco, has been engaged for the St, Petersburg imperial opera,at a salary of 1000 francs r a month.. y"7r " j t 'Orders . UI"'" ' ''. " Ma rk Bmi th , wiip has ;lK)eji'yujyng for4rc&iPai-8- Sal-sod- : ,RUiilSEy'S CcLEBR&TED LIFT T ob-jeq- ts ; zen of Baltimore. She was born in Luxem-- r burg, Europe", and is airl to have been. 100 rr on Christmas morning, but is still able t housC'Work. about awl superintend the Tim (laugh t rwrit h e late ; , TniE spared nothing, produced without " his aid.Boileaur The follies of ;nost people aro rather. ; , of mirth. than eensure. I 3Iiss Rrumlon, Iho author, proposes, to come over to America aud give readings. A hill has Lccn proposed in the New York Assembly, "propoing. tpconfer the right to vote for presidential electors on all women with $250 vorth of real estate. u-f- , MITCHELL & JAMES, Tinners, Gas Water & Steam fitters FLOYERS. university eliminations in Ikly arc open to women on tho snmo terms as toj '.men. V;f:vi: " ' E X P O JTEljf T: A X1 S UTOIAN'S RECORD. 4 - - i t . - v , fcBBBBeswasTcca All the ' MATTRESSES " WalliZPaper 75, 77 & 79 Erst Soutli St., Salt Late Citr i i I r 