WO M A N ' S 150 One reason was while For lbe ExroNEST. Your response to my protest, published in the Exponent, I read with interest, and a fair share really must give you credit for " v, of discrimination. " Your surmises with regard to my charac- fer and propensities were correct in the main, though on some points you werox in ' x i- ": 'A- - ' r ... ; . II- T. You say l am error. ' ' "one oj Nowalthough Isigned Non do plume,! really Mq - self so , - -- . those girls" etc. Old Maid," as a -. der : . ." - p 7 7 : ' J I far. ' '- -' . 13 ; 1 ? long-ueceas- -- ea m se ? , . t over-estimate- d; hard-workin- the-judges- . ; " g areun-dermini- ng i -- - . , ' - itv-uHl- ' ' X m : -- i i W , n .. V Well, as soon as the operator could regain breath sufficient to speak, ho asked to be' rek l leased from the engagement. I suppose that he, poor, depraved son of Adam, did not consider himself worthy of - noble; even looking on ajpure-mindehearted woman, and in the 'fact; of being a f most a magical effect. Perhapse should.not be istonished .that. soma aref so superstitious as, to woman, placed so far above him yiat it Uhis power to 5ome pirttr agency, and made him feel small and insignificant to they would, oil their )uldxercise, this.. faculty, think about it. But I was disposed to be frifens; but, nevertheless, ;Iajoa"' greatly very lenient in the matter, and was . so genI sec others, whon other respects erous as to overlook the one great .fault, of are intelligent, claiming a supernatural, agency for his life, that of being a man: He seemed such appliances. Of course the ipower is more determined not to let me throw; myself or less great,' as the person or nurse posseses more away and sued so pitifully for 'me to or less magnetism,, and is more or less soothing myself that I finally yielded, providand sympathetic Try this, mothers, when the ing he agreed not to prosecute me for breach first coughing comes on, and many, times, you need of promise. He assuredme he would take not take the child out of bed. JRub theUhroat and no steps in that direction, but would use all lungs well, so as to produce good circulation when the means in his power to prevent notoriety. you remove .the hand. Ho seemed so completely subdued and crest-falle- n that I think he must have left Overwork-D- r. "WUks of London, writing on in the country perfect disgustwith himself, overwork, says: My own opinion , has, .already for I have never heard 'anything from him been expressed, that the evils attending it on the ten about been and has it and judgsince, years. the community are vastly VI And such is life. ing from my .own experience; the .persons with un- to allow me Now, before closing, display fctrnnc nprves wTin nnnlv tn tKe doctor are. nOt for characters intuitively. and g my talent reading the prime minister, You arenotwhat you seeiii. I Iiave professional m mbut merchants and stockbrokers talked all along as though I considered you retired from business, goveinmcnt clerks who a man. But I am thoroughly conviuced work from ton to four, women whose domestic du-- t ' not. No such sentiment ever that you are ies aud bad servants are driving them to the emanated from the mind of ,man who takes the village ladies whose visits grave,'-younsuch a narrow-minde- d view of the subject. school or Sunday performance on the 'oirgiiri You are a woman; and believing ou I such their health, and' so en.'"' In .short, in lister Hal, I extend to" you "the right hand my experience I see more ailments arise from :UiI of friendship. w ,7 want of occupation than from overwork, and talkYours in the common cause of Woman's i ing the various1 kinds of nervous and dyspeptic ' ' and Rights Wrongs, ailments which we are constantly treating, I find Old MXid is the Cobnek. at least six due to idleness to one from overwork. re-lea- 1 Well-know- hflTT Vitri tnAiri until trains and M 4VU fcfcWM fn " earlv J mn. UUltk Jtrrni UK toms of croup: Those to whom these remarks arc new. wm De asttjnisiiea tuw reaun vi nuesy iht ; the flaences upbn E '5 7 ' patient. ' It is a shame that such a blessed and useful aceiit should be abused as this hal sometimes been. hy impostors, claiming that "itl was the power of some Indian. Ltoetor, or some ouier nerffftn - while the rubbine slowly f with the hand r . . ' ' say to mothers, peculiar diseased 1 only trish you know not ?hat power your own hands possess a" - ! ia '' nTnrova Karl fry fViof - titViAV at-lirib- was fourteen years old I stayed closely at home under tne carii of my mother, who superintended my education. 1. " was then sent- to boarding school, where, bein a remarkably acute and precocious child, I graduated( with tlio highest honors after a period ot only eighteen years. I the;i returned homo Ayitlr the expectatioa 7l .that inconsequence of my superior attain-- , amiable tempera- ments, my ment, dignified imposing figure, and ex- - ' altcd, refined and intellectual countenance, t would, no doubt, soon bo sought out by I sonio congenial spirit t(bo a companion lor, of or that is a governess or something : ' , tho kind. b. lint the years rolled on, some twelvo or iiure, and I looked in vain for tho fruition of my hopes. No one seemcU to appreciate my true worth. I gave Op in despair and accepted the situation of clerk goods store, where I spent fifteen. years of my life; I then, for the sake of variety, changed my employment, and went into a : telegraph office ai operator. I only stayed eighteen year. I disliked the occupation. Until ... ' Vlv?.k ; There has not been much variation, or so many remarkable episodes in my career, : ' - viman Ii "china" I have recently ordered, I flatter myself that I catndisplay as fine a set of pearl as a misof thirteen who has never been allowed to indulge in. any excess of sweets. My forehead and chin are not like somo I have seen, trying to push themselves forward into notice. On the contrary they appear very reticent and receding, and have to bo sought out before they are " " y J. uauj -I : , found. i '"r;.:'" j- -- It , -- one of my angelic emiles, reveals at pres-- r ent a vacuum, but when I get the set of . spectacles.'- - With' warm rtlTOr. o Utile CUiu) vwiUlUuw uutm uiu uiuvip vi mo yuyu is not7ell for a childto be hurried out cither. .. -- $ t, , f .ooay, has reuevea cases T?ucrp the-culpr- it jny .some ?Jiot-consi- w Tfia - the warmth of the .mother's SJngM- iblankets "trith 'v i t v;i , v"-' . linonionf. . antiquated, as, from this fact, might be led tp infer: and for fear you may have formed an incorrect idea of my age, personal appearances &c, I will give a brief description of myself and a synopsis of my life, so far. I am rather above .medium height, my exact altitude being five feet eleven and a half inches. (I hope you admire tall people: this is leap year you know.) My complex-- . ion is light, very light, and appears quito or clear when viewed by dim lamp-lighthrough a thick spottedveil : hair and eyebrows of a deep amber tint. 'I have heard of people calling my hair red, but I just put that down to malice, knowing that it was no such tlii ng,but that they envied me my golden auburn tresses. But to go on with the description. Eyelids of a deep rose tint, fringed with some half dozen pale yel--' low or canary colored lashes, from beneath which peer two small, delicate eyes, on or dinary occasions of a subdued, ethereal blue, but when Iain engaged in animated and vivacious conversation they are lit up with th fire of enthusiasm and sparkle and scintillate like "block diamonds." Nose most emphatically of the aquiline type; mouth a triflo wider than is considered the standard of perfection, but when it is expanded with a. nhntnpranhs ri sent him the photograph nf atriend. thirikiner to crevo him a pleas ant surprise when we should meet,) hp seemed auite pleased with me. A propos al soon came ovejrthe wires, to which Tof course returned a favorable answer ;7 on He came to - visit monsoon after, but tremme.f turned bale, and -w vfirt Wr hohnldinnhe was. bled, like YoTsee I wear spectacles. ,; Not as nanyn suppose to render my vision more clear, but to add to the dignity of my appearance; well knowing that I could not long occupy the responsible position I do, with the very juvenile appearance I present without' my eseonscientiously, sparing no needful expense, and yet never know ..y hat a poller they, are in,: themselves. For instancy but .ft w mothers knovj that eroun . taken in its early stages, may be often removed by such simple appliances as the mother's V arm hand laid snugly at the throat ana oyer the 1 lungs of the child, flatly, in the forn of a poultice; and acting quitA as effectually an4 quickly as ', , ' ;;- I there I had experi- - nri - v EN T. enced asad disappointment r , It was in this wise: I became acquainted, a through tho medium .of electricity, with Pfinileman in a distant office. Wo exchang- TO HAL. " EiP O ry y ? , . HYGIENIC NOTES. The, Centennial buildings at Philadelphia are positively, huge. The Machinery;, Ilall alonebne of the smallest pf" tho buildings would accommbdato with standing room the entirer population orrnuaaeipnia,wnicn is nearly.ono million and there would bo. room enough left lor the people of another good-size- d city. And this building is not ; i'y How People Become 111; By eating too much and too fast; by swallowing imperfectly.masticated food; by taking too much fluid ; during meals; ,by driuking spirits and other intoxicating drioksre-quenlly; by keeping late hours so a& to. relax the circulatioD; by wearing thin shoes; by negfecung to take sufficient exercise to keep the hands and feet warm; by neglecting to wash the body sufficiently to keep the pore3 of the skin open; by exchanging the warm clothes worn in a warm room during the day, for light costumes and . exposure incident to evening parties; by starving ; thai stomach to gratify a vain and foolish passion for dress; by keeping up a constant exciteinf nt; by fretting tho mind with borrowed troubles; by quack doctors and swallowing quack .'nostra ms for every imaginary ill; by takiBg' meals at . irregular intervals. ; , , cui-playi- ng rower of "thu Hands'Many mothers pass their lives in rearing their fimincs, giving mcdi- - , . near as large asthrr mammoth building just east of it, known as the Main Building." In this building every living: soul in the State of Pennsylvania could jbQ'rsupplied with standing room, and leave a good-size- d corner for the- people of another State-Thea person can walk a hundred miles in machinery hall; without going, over the samo spot twice. In the Main Building ho could walk and fifly miles- - Tak-inall the buildings, a visitor to the Exposition can walk over five hundred mile?, and not go ov r any one place 'twice in the ' - n g whole dist:jnty-E- x. ' 