WOMAN'S EXPONENT. t ' .,, e "A'inemcnt let me viewi as pn the disk 0 mental visionand by the aid of Memory's mystic gilt the portrayed Hlttory draw of this most patient mau ! 1 he majesty of man, In him, behold ! Ills stature tall, erect, acd powerful, ' Ever towering above bis fellows! He wore a bland, yet theugbtf ul ccUntcnsnce, Thelmpmsbearlnffbf dhlnity. Pale by study, hrowu'd by eun and 6ca; No levity, or carelessness were trae'd Upon his ferm or visage, every gesture, : e eelf-respe- ct - CT" " " polls; when the Sabbath and the Bible are now attacked by: the infidel foreign population of, the country. : uniArxTii VUIIVU u 11111 HHJ ; And Fcidihaud "the- Tnio shall complete. ' Pioneers of untold glory wero they! ' God worked with Iheui to impel theiri on, Hence nought cwuld daunt them. Ou and on they A . - - j modern his orifirriiRtrvj w mathematics,-a- . ; And fii the "instrument, was made to bear Calumny, and sVioruV and pinching poverty, '" ' $ttf 'the imputfeSi4Thou art mad I r . Maiiiaci-dreametlsfonaryjnan!:' of truth And thus ho lived, aasurlng.them . 3 ill j outh was gene and much of mauhood'a prime Until a Woman God inspired to bear ri , The taessage he for years had yearned to fell; A regnant queen his helpmeet watobe, . And she his mission nobly did endorse, And unto death remained his firm ally. Howtrange an atheist is noanjr Show him , door. A new xkuth, and he will spurn yop from JHe rixrei says) r cisoa ba toou my guidej ' p. V itfea'deekie; wVMTiaixB, and will I But no; it cdmea incojntaci with my rtewi ; . T . .. , . ,My theory ,and my. understanding:., ... ;. Tte "canon's fui'' and I am also full, ' ' . Being;icd oueuctta nutriment. (Oa fuch a ca'iion hence, will livnd.dioevclr wab uj i&iter'a cittd , r.: 3 thelJogio qf hq worldly-jvis- e pi i" jr thm And uch the "jAimU"lu judgment scatj' ; .'; Riinh , dr rr C ; p ; : - " . tory, modern literature, poi-u- n plied mechanics, experimental physics, ftnrmnrhv and classical history and lit erature. There arc also to be evening class- es open to students of both sexes, taugni in all the above named subjects by thesame ,' , nnrt - fbr shools and families, prepared three v dcs other 'PmrtfpAl to be may, see pi. to tHe'council subjects as TVVAlirtol oHnfi't!nn !o in hfi riro- - given, "Tho Heart of 3Iah7 and.;hat can ; You Do?" The ether one will' be presented if; ; vided.by theBriBtol Medical School; but, to tO tne pUDUC ine comiuj; scasyu., .t.''.?,V.!.7 ,' : allowed to be & not sale! that vomeh,are fiTttTr!Ai, 'JTiftaidfea this ,t'ru attend this special oniucu ui work: she has' Revised a y an. of establishing iu3.iywnuu ' will!be Cfferd Four scholarliipfbr vybmen industrial XiApuainuua m we pwuv. ..w at inc ueginiiiug which the tower house oT legislature, acting vt,tuuci y ' VUlUV yJ "" V suggestions,1 last winter; enacte'd her pJl VUV,l'y w""w' upon schoiThese tho UrilvcTsity College, Bristol. oi into a law." She; has aisospen-somo 01 lecture i n . ven tions.' cover u in 'will imiiN.in expenses nradipfll in?irfl arsbips t.,r.k.7l""rtV7f?Ari'-i- Tfli rrnnfrd:to ;ghe isj certainly a most happy illustration mako up' two1 of theseScholarsfi ips i to tbo'.'i of the advancement. nrd renlaTgement.,of ir candiJ f in value' of ;$250 eaeh, if II II. dates should need help 10 euaoio uieui iu: -j- gpiraUon nndrjeonrao iwevcrp can find r, 1 Uf ww -- sumption in Providence. Rhode Island, tho iass:wcei in August. Mrs Davis was'-ai- r earnest ahd'bractical i worker in thA s Ar the advancement of womerii ifiHe was nn Of the callers of tho first Convention hvh. in Worcester twenty-si- x years atre. and Km. self took an active-nar-j t. Rho waq time editor of a weekly 6anr dftvntori in the Jn terests otrwomeri, sty led jTet' Una." She, gayo. public lectures to Mwomeiv upon U Antonjy andTPhysCblbgyr career of. lecturinsr before the imbuArWo: ': ' fepow'dg'ed Roman's right to the platYorni ou-- ; way less difficult., en: or, . 4 Matilda, Fletcher ofvIowatI4ian.spoif enormous in thor public papers as doing public literary. work; It is. amrmed that during the, past, y ear sie has lectureij, ohq : f hundred, nignts, f(traveieu ey.vu iiiuuaauu, Eth- - " The subjects which will be at first taught in the work p;ogresstd,'ihe day has dawnel, And light orcatht-ftiupon the mjsiicvrork " ; s. That Isabella and Columbus organized; Abd their liaises shall be euthrou'd forever, Bo : t a tly pros-titute- the-lectur- ft LA ' was re-cen- first English institution' which has recognized the higher education- - of women as one of its primary aims, and the committee in their circular hope "that so unusual an opportunity for "mental training will be luriieu 10 goou .account by those for whom u is intended. For the first time men and women students will sit in all the lecture rooms of the college, .a partof being appropriated to women. The classes wliich will follow up the lectures, and which will give more detailed W : 7 es for Jadjes. UU ! her husband's health vould not permit his retaining the position, Miss Willardin aii address delivered in Boston, Mass., argues in this wise upon woman's duty to vote: 'She-- had long hesitated, but now tho ballot had been d to undermine the Sabbath and rob children of the influenceoT 6ibIesTn schools, she thought it time' woman, who is truest to God and her country by instinct ; -- . . 4lalduttes-brtheG"wnadafSentineli.- o ed .; Isabella has .informed King Alfonso that she wili;take7no prtjwhatever in the political affairs of tjie kingdom. r At the laying of the corner stone at the neyf building for indigent, women ;at St. Louis, Ho., a lady officiated, Hrs. Shepherd Wclls ,This is thefirst instance of the kind of which ve are aware. V V Another woman editor, Mrs. Signiago of Granada, Miss., ha3 assumed tho edito- Ex-Quee- n made in different parts of Kngland to aid in giving women opportunities of continuing their education after they have left schooljiand ofLeonsolidatingf it even when -- the though t f hool days has been long left behind, none have been more persistent or more; successful, s:tys a .Londcii journal, than those made, at Bristol. During tho last eight years the Clifton Committee for Promoting the Higher Education.of Women ... have organized and; kept in Action lectures and classes. This year, however, they da not propose to have classes or lectures. of an " independent character, and the reason for this determination is that Bristol is aout to have acollegeof its own the Uhi versify-Colleg- e; and this college, which 'will be opened ia October; will admit women-tIts also andwill them ize for lettires, organ separate classes in the vririous subjects treated ly its professors and lecturers, and it is believed that these classes and lectures at the University will supply an education more definite and systematic than that which lias been given hitherto by the class- Gravity and deliberation showed, Among the potentates he stood a king, Though poyerty enwrapt nought could hide,-Thmajesty, that as :a mantle cover'd bim I .... The prime of life he scarcely had attain'd, Yet mental care had prematurely bleach'd Ills auburn locksTand streaks of grey appeared. His voice, deep, eoiioicnm, and impressive, Like one accustomed to profound reflection. He wore a modest the aspect Of a worshipper iu audieuce of Deity. Columbus I Yes, 'tis hel whoso name has rung Throughout the circumnavigated globe! BtrangeJ that the Hemisphere exhumed by him, And placed as "Beacon on a 'bill before Tho wond'ring workl, bears not his noble name I Ills great, his noble, mystic, thriJiing name! Like imbecile Ingf aUtude this eeems ! ' No matter! he has yet a Fujube And among tho llarmonics of heaven, Myriad, jet will tnue their golden harps Iu praise pf Mmfcn&fpred of God, audecnt To bringbeforo the world a hidden land, And to cradle gospel-fruit- ,; And be the Nursery of the rirst-bon- rs Church. Columbus! Blessed genius I Blessed name! God's instrument for a work atupciidous I, Isabella, with all ber'stroug convit lions, Her warhi and rational enthusiasm, And all tho whisperings within her heart, ' E'en sub dreamed not the glory of her work! She saw E irthly JSmpirea and present good, .And iu a measure this was true and right, But little did she dream cou's Kingdom Was to riso frdmjout tho Empire Columbus5 Was impelled to seek and recurred. "God's Kingdom comets not miu wov .....w . WOMANS RECORD. Among the many efforts whfch have been v -- .Went,. . ., A MEANS OP IIIQ LIE R EDUCATION r r O U ENQXjIS H NVUIEN. 2 COLUMBUS. fore-ordain- j i r f A e -- ' i ! -- the-successf- : ul - X " 1 1 1 : n sue i , reaAiuuipi j. i ; ; : r' "Sv,l&oTiUsveU'duliGoi6eVlittotear the rbuuim y wrapping, and pis truth declare. ; ' Aua then sboTii fe5gn imLLOrtaJ uCd fof ftye 1" An'4 ttU htr'waLd.ite8.ttty with Juy obtry 'Jokv cr hiiard a a aia : - !: uieusiw " tio'-y6- u, - - Ciai.crdtn,tviiu iiscoiuivai.vy -- ' ,i4"w". " loniague; snority wholly: to Lady Wortly h Perslaris! perintroduced It into Europe? of;the sonify the rdse ahd- - make l 'ialsttess r and nlghtehgale; to whom he telU his love The: sorrows at l each return of Spring? Hindoos dedicate: flowers : to their divinity land represent to bis imagination theifc:.-ariouiijideda through ithla:JJower. language. Tint. In Tnrlcish harems this myfiteilOU lap; ! , curtaidK rayiu giuftiian V1navu jour eubfavt'dfiu1 that Hug 'XWhat think or ihatT1"! think' answered Joe, "he faust fcerfxire"- fcariie' feltow who- askeif thecitl'td lethim rtde iri'her ihantom.i"t x perceived the 'necasiitfor women to be selfupnortitiEr. fierainino; and , dignity and delicacy as. sung by i poets vau nted a fterdi n nex ora torswh e n a4t he ias t toast-i- drank cd the best gift jtp man, is gushingly if . somewhat i IncQherenny , -, cheered, Js as pretty as painted china. Un- : til fho Stato is ere pared to., furnish, elegant ... Shelving for' such pofcelaibV ln other wori, , vs ,, enqi ter, uuu niai u leuuuuo uvu -j tinantrema fragili ty and preclousness- - the, pecu-- ; aonae c s IUkkah T.Kixo.3 baid-Tobj- riLangrxago of flwers: wlifch Is i liaf'tlho Turkish haremsVowesfi its celebs scnse,of . Americans., has -- Taen thode who've crushed conviction risa tctrutb, A iaI worship tier with all the warmth of youth; "7f common ionpgo , ' c; The , t Wreck; cohs'tahtly , repeats, ilgclf;1 Und the;;; question arises' whar is id be done with11; fehiiiaJot wlchthcro' ts no place1 in the tn.rned j.toht.itsjii'uUest . account. 'XherpithepIanuagQ.of Coders J& jlhoavorf. ed amusement :ofvthofaIr;sec!ndpd .oDes,: j anajY perfect knqwledgo ot jt can abtftipedthrQUgh.thp jPjavcspfthoiai?i?:vw : I guage? --T 