'm- '" tUIiA aitEE.YE BICIIAUDS, ' EXJIELIXE BY -- Tcrm?rOnc copy '! - y tS.OOjiW! copy ipfipths, T?n copies for tha prko, of nine; AdTertielog rates: Each square, ten lincspf jwn j A liberal io lime, $2.00; per month, $3.00. discount ,"; .' ,'(fJ .7 , .., , , regular adtertiscrs. ,;; ; Extent Office, corner fSouth Temple, 'auayirjst i East sheets, oppositcEaglcGatc. Business hours ftonvto - 7 a.m. to it p.m. crcry day except Sunday. . 7 ' ' Address all baslncss communications to Publishers Woman's ExpONuWrj ' onc-ear- 1.00. . ; . v v 7- 1 -- 7' ". I J dtyftJtah;1 7 SaltLae!.u!iv';-i:i. ?;i 'ill", SALT LAKE CITY, DEC 15, 1876, , UNITED WE STAND, DIVIDER,' WE. FALL. Christmas is coming, and in anticipation of its arrival the indefatigable Mr. James Dwyer, whose efforts to cater to the tastes of the citizens and children of Salt Lake City, have hitherto been so eminently- successful, has f Salt Lak City, Utah. -- meanwhile exerting her; ipfluence successfully toward the foundation of the still existing Protestant Orphan Asylum in San Francisco, and was one of the first board ofnnanagers." During Buchanan's admirirstratiorir Col (therr), Thomas Kane passed through San Bernardino, Cal., and was searched for by a mob who divined him and.iia mission; jshe.,jrender-e- d him such service that he eyer after held her in devoted remembrance, ant when, foqr, winters ago he met herself, and husband in Sr. George, his tears, rather than his words, expressed his emotions. 7 The evening before be left: St. George, he called late to bid her good-byShe went with to him the door; the night was dark, windy, and raini ng. She gave him her shawl, which he wrapped around him' Extending bis hand, h esaid,,fthia night iahiike tho political horizon! Stay you in camp, eat roast beef and rest; I will go in the fctoim, and ttand on picket guard for you ' Good-bythrice repeated, and he - ' was gone into the dark night.After her arrival in Utah she settled In St. George, and was the first Treasurer of the St. George Relief Society, an ed Secretary. She was an agent for the, Exponent in that city. Her name had been mentioned as cne of the sisters to labor in lhat ' Temple, and she had extended the offer of a home to certain of the brethren ca Hr last work was the writing of her testimony for The Woman's Book; after Whi6h she went to the gate with a friend, receiving a cold "which ended her life one week after, passing away in ' eleep, and without pain. ; , ' srai monthly,! ; Editors. Y ) " " : , PabMihed WELLS. - : V - HOME AFFAIRS. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. : ! t! 2 ; open-"edjh- is most faolidaynE.trjckT3f goods makings th -- brilliant and elaborate display of his style of goods which has ever been made in this city, in honor probably of the Centennial Christmas of America. On the evening of the openin frontof ing Dec. 11, the store and almost4m possiit were crowded so that as ble fo obtain egress. He has a full stock of all the standard poets, novelists and historians, and works upon science and art. He has also ' many choice works upon all subjects, and a full supply of the school books now in use; every variety of paper pencils etc. Russian leather goods of all descriptions and beautiful designs. Perforated card board with or without stamping. Ladies' fine cutlery, elegant . of card cases,- - writing desks and nearly every variety from, he mcst elegant, In short, down to the plainest workmanship he has got in his assortment any ac.d every article of fancy goods suitable for Holiday gifts. Go and examine for yourself and you will be sure la find something suited to your taste and resources. side-wal- k ; It-w- e. e, - work-boxe- s If this saying, so oft t repeated ami , &o ! often verified in many instances which come under general observation, is applicable to the con di- tion (ft the government of the United Statea at ; the present time) then surely it Is bound to fall.f It is apparently so equafly 'divided that the majority cannot be determined upon irith- out introducing some .riesK'jcperiJOJejitaLmeasrJ ures. Experiments In many cases are1 injurious and injudicious. In testing govern- ment, it seems' to us they would be peculiarly so. A government that cannot be maintained I in an emergency hi and of itself will scarcely V bo improved by new measures. ' ! s : , i The President's Message' ently and Unsatisfactorily' mVt.dliTe' j ports from different. spurces,tho'Jgh conflicting, still lead to one stropg conclusion in the minds of the eope4! vliat is, that this stUf endows fabric, the glorious'confltitutiou, is about, lo.be crushed, in the great collision of the two uplift- cal parties. Telegrams sayjBouUi Carolina has two houses anil two governors. Is the United States to have two houc and two Presidents? If they could etijy look consistently' at the final result? of f uch immoderate language as they are using towards each other, they could see how it would stir up strife, and strife wag-et- h war. "The fathers have eaten sour grapes and the children's teeth are set on edge;" this applies I ,: '. j , 1 . . admirably t the present national couditidn; they have gone on corrupting public offices, trespassing upou the peoples rightp, committing governmental frauds, until it is no" longer bearable;' and each party wants td implicate lie other, and as in thousands of other cases so in this, ono story Is good till the other id told, and when you hear both sidesyou wonder how Congress and thV House of Representatives have sustained their position t all on such hypocritical and unsubstantial basing. In contemplation ef the prcseut and future it behooves the Latter-daSaints to look well to themselves, and put their trust in the arm that is powerful to save, and if In any possible way they can avoid being party to any of ttrc schemes for ruining and overthrowing the government, then are they favored of the Lord, for surely the Lord has said judgments will come, but wo unto him by whom they come. "Let him laugh who wins," the saints can afford to wait, and in the intervals of peace and plenty prepare wisely for the. day of trouble and scarcity. Seek diligently unto the Lord to bo taught in His ways lest any be led astray and partake of tho plaguos and scourges pronounced upon the uugodiy. 1 " -- . WOMEN'S COMMISSION HOUSE. This house established ' recently upon a principle, without capital, for the sale of home products and manufactures, thus , giving encouragement and further promoting facilities for home industries, ought to receive the patronage, of every, person 'who has the best interests of Zion at heart. .It one of the noblest schemes ever devisetl and those who are laboring sp diligently to establish it hould receive the most hearty commendation. It is an enterprise which will be the nucleus of a great culminating system of financiering within the Territory. Many hands mako labor light, and union is strength. Then let the wo men of Utah prove to the, world by their united in this and other matters to any enterprise they may unequal dertake. The AVoman's Store recently received a beautiful; assortment of artificial flowers suitable for hats; bonnets, head: dresses caps- etc The patronage of the ladies of Utah ariff their influence i solicited for the Woman's Commission House. Ladies please call and examine, self-sustaini- ng --- Com. Tooele City, Nov. Editoji Extonekt; i. that-they.ar- d 1 e s; e what Utnh is capable of producing at home. ( t OBITUARY. y The many, friends of Sister CAROLINE AUGUSTA JACKSON, of St George, will be pained to hear of her death, which occurred at half past seven o'clock on the morning of the 7th inst., Iu that city, of pneumonia. Sister Jackson was born at Hampton, N. II , and was aged 50 year?, 4 months, and 23 days. She embraced the gospel of Jesus Christ at the ago of 17 years, leaving her father's house as the cost, and in February HSGl.enibaiked ui;on the ship Brdokrjn, with her liusbaud and infant daughter, arriving in California tlx months late-r- to endure the terrors of war and famine fur many months. Enriched by the gold discovery she gave liberally to the poor, and kept for twenty years open houso for the traveling Elders of the Church, She collected sixty children made orphans by cholera, and thankful thatI am numbered among the -day Saints, and It Ih myhumble prayer Jiat we may all endure fai tnfu 'to the endi ''; ' I remain ybur sister' et&V .7 Latter- ; , " bora tbclt entire expense for six months,' "un-tilin- s - i : We the sisters of Tooele-woullike to represent ourselves in the Woman's Exponent. I can say that peace health, and prosperity prevail, for which we are' thankful to our heavenWe meet in the new meeting ly Father. house every two weeks, Where we enjoy the s clety of one another and get our. spiritual strength renewed. We hope soori tohave our ew hall flbislied, it is progressing slowly; we want to get it covered in as soon as possible to that we can give parties in it this winter in order to raise means to help defray the expenses. Our President; Sister Miclilejohri-i- '.'.most g and energetic in her labors' and has the full confidence and love of ajl the sisters. The spirit and blessing of our heavenly Father is with py. Our new hall is for a Library and Reading Room anti one oom is expressly for the Relief Society. Sister Deiamardaed myself raided a few silk worms this summer for a beginning in Tooele,and hope that this will not le the last of it, as there are plenty of mulberry trees here and plenty of little girls that could leuda helping'haud. iiWo had a very pleasant visit from Sister Howard two weeks go tit the Young Ladies Retrenchment Meeting.' Sbo gave some very valuable Instructions to 'the young ladies; but was very sorry to see so few in attendance. Wo highly prize the Exponent for it is full of the purest gems of light and love; we get a feast' when it comes." tarn : : 10, 187GV "I:1 SERICULTURE. ' an''.tatr ' Minutes of a special meeting of the D. fV As siciatlon, held in the Fireman' Hail, Dec, 7, Mr?, Barney presiding. Mr. P. A. SdbettlW 