WOM AN'S EXPO NE .NT. 10(5 iC REPORTS. young folks' Mutual Improvement Associ-atio- q is alive, and; there seems to be a desire for improvement in our mist, and to The General Retrenchment Meetrig beldi f march along with the kingdom; yet in my in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms one of special inexperience I have seen it necessary that Saturday H0 25 are to all who terest interested, in 4 ho - ad?, every individual, before doing any good in vancment and progression of woman. this kingdom, must, humble themselves beCounselor E. R. Snow presided, and after1 fore their Maker, acknowledge their un. -- worthiness without His the general exercises she-- addressed the aiu guidance and help, nKTi onn nninoofmannn rdlfltinfl in and it jsecms to me that unless we have the. Shbr con trailed tlio Spirit of Christ to guide us in our thoughts, was ten it words and actions, we are of no more use years "ago ana nojv, wjh wjiat than'he moth or .worm. But if wo seek to expressedher gratitude at the cHajige' fvhic)bf J V had been .ffec ted , and g&ye much excejien i imitate' His;ji jye w'ni know of His doe-- . Counsel; her words were as applo(4gojd trine. And may we as sisters seek to be set in pictures, of rsilver.7' Counselors Zina, guided by Him that we may help to bring D. Young and . Bathsheba AV. Smith, and about peace, union hud love is the prayer Mrs. E. B. Wells each expressed their feel-- 1 of yoiir Sister &c.t , to.' V in labors :.7..4'i.:"-..il'--the V; ings regard Julia I). Wilson. Jojpelorroed" by tlie sisters; and 'exhorted oalj present jtp;J diligence. They also gave their Mews; iupon! WOMAN'S VOICE. the Grain Movement and the AVoman's Book. Some other sisters bore similar tes! ; timonies. Elder Junius ells tien ad. 7SaNA, KbV. 21th I87G. F.'y dressed iho sisters for a few minutes. lie r Editor Exponent :; related some incidents that had come, under his observation while upon his nsission, and I take tho privilege of conveying a few lines to yoti. It seem 3 presumption in m e congratulated the sisters upon the superito assume to vrite to a paper, especially the ority of their knowledge and their favorable condition viewed through the under Exponent wi th its sea of intelligence. 1 vn ihA IT hit of cannot ihov Wro . standing0 rmm V SJ help but notice Iho growth of the y mm r finsnpl j -astrong testimonyto4he tru tfcof sister4nteUectullyrtnmrTeadinff revealed in this "the last dispensation of per; i t'does one good to read i t, ' arid I re-- : ' , n; the fulness of. times." fleet, ivho woul d "do wi thou t i t, were it pos. siblo to be obtained, or who would deny its privileges?,, I feel, Jb is mo'rnl ng, sto greatly Moroni; Sanpete Co., Nov. 29 1870. rejoice, yea! in the spirit of testimony; this ; Editors'1 'Exponent: is what cpnHp els md to write: I ' can testimony that we have a man at the head We held our annual meeting on the 20th of this church (even President Young) who of this month. A g0od "spirit prevailed is inspired hy the Holy Ghost and U Watch- -' , among the sisters and all of us arc willing ing over this church' for good, and gives us to carry out the counsel of President Young line upon line in' the due season thereof. in regard to stormg. Up graln. ; Wo have Kow iho WO'rd has come to the sisters from' eompaencM already 'purchase the staff of oiir aiyjLri Head to save" tlie grai n, ITdibw life'Virhllo wo' can get it at ,a low figure. for mysejf he is, dictated by the spirit of Bishop Bradley has kindly lent us 'a granGod. Hp'ffhas called upon tho Elders for n in until our good ary to keep many yea'rs to lay up grain. Have they brethren can build us bne. Ho :has also ta obeyed this counsel? They can answer for ken a vote of the brethren that the prothfcmselye& I .shall not condemn them. ceeds of jail itho; parties, during the winter T'ensisters, mothers in Israel shall we look shall be appropriated fori the benefit of our up' oh this thing lightly and count it but squletyjat was .unanimously, carried, u iWr puff of wind? O nor we will' go at this as a society 4esire by the' help of our Fath- -' work'Nvith all our mlght,mina and strength; er in heaven to "exert all our energies to re praying God tp prosper our labors. There the precious grain that will be a temi is a grand speculation in this, which will reporal salvation' to us and our , little ones.; sult in blessings upon us, our children, and Our Savior has said that nation shall riso i friends, even those that may. bo afar off. agnlnst nation, and Jjingdonl against kingl; Remember bur respected Brother Kimdo;ii,aiid there shall .bo , iatnihe. andipeti i ball, ho said the time would comb when a leilpc in thp Mhvftdaysj.' also thojo- holdibg' barrel ol flour ould be worth a barrel of tho priesthood jib iGod in. our day, ideclsre gold,' and I believe it, and man other thatjt isveu.nt 5our floors: and tho lime is ' V P'bpheciesm'ade him. by near wfifirt t ko wno: have- - persecuted to Now :sisterk; 1 belie vb that the time is fqr righteous! iq.mke will cbmo JbeiidirJgitb nigh at hand when the Lord wiU visit His our feetiasUiig!U8 toi give .them braid thai . people,' some in blessings,1 some 'In scourg. 1. Will . i ..... tirAOTVi ., AJ' I Fa w 'ratican nucjf mmrve wiin nun ings; those who have1 been wise virgins and have oil in their Iamp3 will bo .PeaEidsteve let jus boi 'faitlifclr-sf- wards to meet the emergencies- - 'Now is prepared the tinio over what tho Lord haaputmouri barids'.and:! to arouse .OuTS'elyes arid awake arid trim our not give our- - "children-brea- d to dogs-and' lamps aud.ifi Oftrofdilhful over a few''thih Keep them 'burning. There is of oil Within our Will Lord tho make us ruler bvtjrmany reach, it is flowing the land -- Ever Heeling desirous in throtigh abundance. If we are for tbef welfare of Zioni and-th- e Joseph the thochjldren prdmbtioii of truth, Iemain through lpins of Ephraim khah't we then, like pur father do vYour sister ini the. Gospel, o tho pmo work? He laid up grain to' save all iEgypt and his father's house. ' The sisters of b - i h HiiLsbALfe, Nov.. Selina- have already com- 15;187G. 0?r" BisEP G;Trnd Editor Exponent: ' us a placeJn the Unitedvery Order btorchouso to ' store1 away our grain j perhaps there would bo no harm1 In tell wo which have we how aro ing yoUi gladly accepted I see no getting along iri this of need as a being branch discouraged in this matter village of the . Lord's we are if but the despised women of Utah" church,iand.a few of my thoughts. Wo wo will yet show to tho world have noiKcllef Society here that we live ' yet, but the' in the Gospel light, and will protect our- S. : ; j ' - t ; " ; . . . -- . iho-Gospel ' ; ' the-grai- -- i se-cu- -- J - - selves and not be caught unawares. Where do the queens and great women of the wqVld receive revelation from, to prepare thpm fiw ihi (fnmi(. that are oomini nr. on tho earth? ...Sisters let us be humble, prayerful aud thankful for the things wo do enjoy; for prophets and apostles, and for the privilege given us, to lay np grain for our temporal salvation. I remain'our loving sister, - Catjieiiine Faiiy Martin. HINK. HOUSEHOLD Sauce for Dressing.- - Two eggs, one half cup of sugar, butter the size of an egg, fuur of boiling water. Flavor with wiue or tablo-spooiifu- ls brauJy. English Pudding. One cup of chopped suet, one cup of chopped raisins, one cup of molasses, one cup of sweet milk, five cups of flour, one tea. spoonful of social Steam three hours. Ouohalf head of cabbage, the tender part of one bunch of celery, two hard Celery Slaw. boiled eggsf, all chopped fine, mix with it two of sugar, two of mustard, one half of salt and pepper. Moisten with vine- tea-spoonf- -- tea-spoonf- uls ul . gar. To Cook outside leaf stalks of celery may be utilized, and a very savory dish made by cutting them it small pieces, and boiling in salted water until tender.1 Then turn off the water ana aaa miiic, butter, aud Hour enough to forma thick, gravy.. Serve hot. Mrs, Rustic. Celery.The Sauce .for Roast Beef. four table spoonfuls of grated horse-radis- h Horse-Radis- h Mix with one teaspoonful of sugar, one teaspoonful of salt, one-ha- lf teaspoonful of peppcr,two teaspobnfuls of made mustard. Mix thoroughly. Then moisten with sufficient vinegar to give it the consistency of cream. Add four tablespoonsful; of thick cream. Heat (not boil) it, fur hot roast beef, and for cold meat serve the sauce without heating. - -- Piccalilli. In answer to, request of '' Toung send tho following recipe: For one gallon of eliced,: green tomatoes, (salted and drained) take ode quart of cider vinegar, one iwund of sugar, one tablcspobnful each of mustard, cloves, and sweet fennel seed. Place all in a porcelain kettle over tho fire, until the tomatoes are cooked tender; then drain them out, and boil the syrup down till just enough remains them, they do not need sealing. Onions may be added .' Housekeeper," I if liked. Mc -- i " i . 1 -- I " 1 1 t . J : - HAril ; ; " 5 Bread Making. At night take luke-warwaf bread required, ter, according to the quantity-oand stir in flour until it is about right for pan cakes, then stir in a of lively yeast) cover p it and set in a moderately warm place to rise. In the morning it will bo light. Then mix up hard, kneading it well. Return the bread to the pan and let it rise, When light, mold it do wd, repeating this three times. Thea make into loaves and, when sufficiently, light,; bake carefully.au Good aougn may oe jpoiiea, in the oven, bytod. hofc or too slack a fire.:. The. moldiug-dow- n process mayi' seem like too much trouble, but it is : not in prac-- ; HC3.: JLUe aaaition of some warm milk, when; tno bread is mixfd np hard, 4 make it whiter ind : more tender,' but it also dric3 ,up f sooner, j , The ' season maked me difference obout the trouble jU making bread, as in winter it is harder to keepthe i the-- ; sponge of the , jight temperature One best I know, uses a small tin pail to uiix k?r sponge" ia and f ithen hangs 1 iho pail n from a wire ortr the stove, which keeps it warm and msit'ra weather it ia best to mix sponge in tho morning, unless One has a house : that keeps moderately ' warm through tho night. ;.r m tea-cu- : ? Jbrcad-inake- ra . : . m- -t : 