172 people through - their clergy.- "Ho bestowed marked f favor on Anian, ;a , , bishop who gave himticco of '"the true' paid considerable sums to churches that had been! plundered daring .the "Avar; .ho ntso his granted freedpm from foils a.hrougheut dominions to several of tho chief towns.-BIn spito oi ineso. aavancea, au iiuuat-aiubroke out in ana.tnouga u was won put down and tho leader: (Ithysap Xercdithi oftbo old princely line) handed,- Edward - WHAT. ARE AVE. MEN' TO DO? Ut BY-- V. : , . ' , Violets 'can bo grownin' pots? aridbrpughl: htq thelhouse. wheh they 'tiro tyVef ed wUh'flowersI but.they'.will notJlJve1 long Va , a;rna"6e;ti'eated ''room' or where there is "mubh j suniiirht. only - sufficient Warmthto'keeft theinrotnchilllng'is needi bid litter. EASTEHBROOKS. When female architects abound, ; r .. .... Who skilfully design and plaa-r- 4' ' f sV : V- When female builders ah be foiled "J ' v ! : . Whaao Work' will Vie with that When female skippers hay command ' ' .1 .; Of femate sifp and female .crew r t V When female warrior's fill ourVnd, yV . " What la'thereef t fdr males to do? ifi! c When rpmen shall the gospel preach; " When Women clerks infesl each stdre: ' :;' .WhcnVomenitfiplomals shall reach '' High seats within the White House door; . r When tiny bauds receive the pence t "On city carsrind stages ibotT.-iV-What, ' In the name of common sense, ; ad?"11Tr: outeastrmen '" td left I for. ji1-; eredwith a frarpe and sash, and .well pro-- , tectedby mattings and banked ,ip with sta- - " - of-man- -: , nt u ful for their growth.1 - -- 5 -- : -- i' li.wy.itJj. Jt".1::,,,, ENGLISH .PRINCIPALITY OF .... . WALES .FOUNDED. ,r vX ,tho thought it wiso'to let i tho valor: of .wars his in itself ; foreign Welsh exhaust ' "i '. j thus anticipating the policy.of tho elder s Pitt with the Highlanders. Other followed his example; and even lis lato as thoaimo of Elizabeth tho "Welsh foot" j . 4 ; ; - a 'Why not ejrchange?" wight, Husbl senseless taa&-y- ou only rant ' ' ;Wo would, with; pleasure, If ire might tt Cnii - flCl i o 4Wsvs '.. '. WiJwhat we ' .im tcMJo. dreadt-no.w- or Montfort-in- th Barons' ; aragainst part Inhefgnglish armies. Accordingly, pn.pifwkrd T. he came king heVfas summoned .to do,. sobathd'declin'ed,' untessfhe.had hbstages given fpV h safety,f7 saying that he remembered" the fate of his father, Griffin, who had been Imprisoned in the Towerahd was killed in trying to rniike his escape. m The demand was rtreat6(i as oiitfort who tan7lrisfilt andEIeatior1 de was iibout to marry Llewelyn :wa3!seized ahdmpri&ried, v although- she Was 'Uhe "king's cousin. 'Llewelyri in vain offered a ransom for her; his' landsj were declared to be forfeited, arid after'a,? brief icampaign, in 1277he7i Wast obliged 40 snbmitxHaving formally surrendered all Jiis. territory except? tho mountain regions rof Snowdon andzthq Isle otAnglesey, fort which he jwas ,lpr pay floral f -- , n 'Hints. oiissA In3ect3 in plants frona- - J j-- iTo ; -- ; : jcht r X -- any-furnac- e1 - . - . , , . - cow-manur- e, : . t .' the-sucker- from the s re-mov- ed frostand the beds. should, bo, cov Fcb:JJ, 187C; , "f?i - ml sessiotfbffhisdHek their rcastlei,' mo and l;fiitlcitroyedasomeW carried off ilogerde Cliffdrd; theusticiaryf an TO .7 - thatlhave i i - vthr; notr complied -- brother David,wlw attempted to continue the hopeless struggle- - had to surrenderand was condemned as aftraitor and executed, September 20,: 1283. i He and Llewelya both JeAx motherless daughters, whpjyere, sent to m nunnery in Lincolnshire, wherb Llewelyn's child at least was alive in 13j7;7 how much longer is not known. Soon aff er . tho ' execution: oftDavid the victor.hcld.a parlianaentat Rhuddlaoy where was enactediwJoAt was callpd . the, Statute o Wales;! ;ftar i an acknowledgment ;of the Divinojprpvidenco that had now given :him, in fulUppssessiop what had- always rlght- fuliybeen his.: the iking, "at the, prayer, of his lovng subjects," ailows: them ,to: retain, their ancifnfc' laws fn civil causes; but sub-- i stitu.tes; the'Ehglish criminal ; jaw, a"nd; ap points 'sheriffs, coroners, and' bailiffs for the; test oft gr'eatfr.'parfoforth t Wales; ;the; the'eotintry kfter ome; strong tbwnai , had1 been taken from thdinwas left in tho liands; -- j r 4 rds Marchers;.Jwh6;om;thVtlme; of William7 'tho ; Conqueror had; beeri'en gpged in one 'eeaseless course bfraggressi6n on - the Velsh; arid thus were' far ; more odious to the people than the royal ' officers themselves. ' They were In fact, an object of -- jealous sugpicion tot tho king, and he built many strong eastles in Wales. at Caerr narvon, Conwa"y, and Harlech in the north, i and Cilgarran and CarphiUy :in7 tho southland settled iEnglish Colonists in several Of the; towns, quite as much as a check, on; .v I . them as on:the natives.! n,Thp king set to work to conciliate the Have my leaders In this society required "dnythlng:'. q- try of me sisters1 or brothers sought a kind. Have my ness at:my hahd that I havo denied, which: wouldHavo resulted in g66d? fI Or "has thb! Priesthood gived anyiigetioral ilnstrdctldh f;lt' durinir tho past year' that I' have-nocase us snch but? the If willing to carry. with any of us, wo had better cultivate tho spirit ofiobedience, for if we, cannot obey In little things we ehall fail in larger one3.f tf .tho maxim;is true; that "the boy makes: thQ mAn' I maintain that tho girl iinakes if tho? girlhood ls characthe. woman,-and terized by ,,vIrtuQ .and obedience, the womanhood ,yill be, :re warded, at ?lcast v by a happy reflection of i the- f post, and, bright hopes for tho fut ure, when justice twill be, meted out i'td ail. Jhendcar. sisters, let usr be encouraged to 'obey all commands (hat are for bur good, rememoenjjg j.inai, wuar "oat bedIenco;wecari never return to tho immedlato presence; of 'dtiVjHeayenly Fathl , er, "One of eur, best poet$. s ays, bhedfenco exIs alL:f Is theVornmonlotof liVbelfig God." even ; And empt Not ' glorious, pbwerfurFcr?onagb who holds tho Universd In His hands Is not free'fr'om tho mortal im' lavt of 'Obediehce, I a'sk Is poor ' perfect man T No Verily1 Now thatX''3 : -- of our : organization. Ijhavoi ehosen jtho subject of obedience and have tried; to vrito a few 4wprd3.on ths great and glorious prin- ftlnlft. Bellevincr wnat tno rsaimisP)Jjaviu mm n ho friift" namplv! thatr obedience Is better thad sacrifice, andj o hearken; than, t fi t o f'nmsQ! ha vo f endeavored 'to comply- with tho request made, to pchango a few thpughtsin this waywithou my vniin? sister; lithlnk' to:ni2hrwbut(i bb a v6rv (rood time for eath: one 'of Ais'lto. take into !cohslderati6n pw much, and how far '" weliave heenDedieri t tlurlrig the 'pasryear? was dellveredtojhlrai. and. vhe:;retiirned;!tor Wales;" but raade ,tQ bearptl oppessionsof the royal officer wlidh been put; n pos-.-" up arms in ot the ofofork to-fcig- ht an. annual itribute.ojf;,oppanarkst - M-- iPear sisters I: am happy- in meeting :with on this: tho flrst;annifVcTary: yon - -- . 3t 1 wild died prisoner in his 'hands; He also inflicted a severe' "defeat oh" the -- English forces as they attempted to cross the Con way, Tbut was soon after betrayed ; ta' the His Marches and jkilled in cold i blood . the- Y. L. 'It' I.' BkFoius ir i n&j. 1 prevent insects troubling plants,! take one ounce of carbonate lof! ammonia, one half oupce of sulpburicacid, and mix together, (this, forma sulphate of ammonia),then add ono.flracnm of.creosoterand put all into itwo .gallons of ran water; pour anto pot rabofl one gill once a xhonthj ;this keeps t them jrpm the Jroo'ts.i'be3itfe ;:benj' jik good vjnnure.w. e) r glye?. the , pktn Once oriltwicef tHbr6ugh;2rnchng with luke' warm water which lieepsttiemrpm' the leaves, it, alio washesoff JHe dust jwhich is sure tbaccuf: in the' pots) mulateeep the arthYlobse "a II ttle powdered and ccalsidnallywork' in ' charcoal, or leached, ashes, but only occas- -' ionally.-' Saturate sponges 'with water and stand them on plates arpund :and ambiig the window plants .This will supply moisture or to neutralize the effects of - " neat.4 graie ls'in genera Tlie caitiyaUoi-pOhe,uciHSa! very easy J any common soil with the' addition of sand, broken brickjer gritty stone, tojkeep tho soil open with a good drainage' "Tor-- ' the pots, and ) careful watering ,at all tinies;: the plants suffer more from toormuch: water, than if allowed to . become i dry All the differentspecies of Cactus, aTe s natives of arid soil; with i scarcely an .exception, if aUowed tohecomo.Tfluitfi. ary ;in winterya temperature just above, freezing wU do no. injury r jmany pf the largetHsspecies .require in? wintfer; if no water for several"'. rnpn grown 7 in a low temperature; these I wfll ""'.' usually flower in the summer. The variety of Cactus bearing pink flow-- , ers,. grows rapidly, blooms profusely, and can be set in. the" cellar during winter, and repays one abundantly, for all troublej for soil for the several variej ies, use well rot- dry it and pulverize it, ted pound up a brick veryfine, add some sand, and the dirt from old sods, and they . will be very sure to succeebV; it i3 a plant , that will bear a great dial of; neglect. The cultivation: of the violet is similar to that of tho strawberry, if the violets are planted in rows and,ridged up a little they; will grow luxuriantly and bloom more . fresh beds . abundantly, It is well to set out .can bo of them overy year, early in aho spring, when '4ie old plants are in full bloom, and these eds.wilL blossom all the winter. If the locality is, very cold they will require some, protection, , . . J amCfXJBEDlESCW 25 mon-arch- iriconslderablo borep . j . !, The babies must De borne and nursed m' By female mothers; 'iberef ofef ew Of gentler mold can o'er be cursed ? J - ' the last n, Henry III., andat though he was included in the, paciflctiojir made in 1267, it was ac-- ( , 9mrjaniedy;ihe"cond do'homage Ibliisrlhipaiily to .England - : February 7, 1301.-Llewely- native Prince of Wales, had been a partizan of De ,;', , saysr thoughtless t.v-- . - crosind - nd'-'db- f -- t' x - , ;jthat; -- : A I 1 .if 3 1 ; -- . : i'A oftca rixjkcn of "as Poetby and romance arcwantins snbsUcce. things of,mcro fancy, real than the pos- -: yet there is nothing more tryf6f ..natureltselfj , and nothing sweeter.! sadder, or more iubiimo .than ; tho ronisiice: whlch:may,.'he "teced;;. through v eypry-- d pracUcaTlife, c f'fi-I- : 