W OIL A N: WHEN WE ARE MEN. First lo IN RHTJIB TvB Boy-ri- .c -- ; ; We. are only boys, but are 7 Soen Qur boyhood will be past, ; Second Boy-- r- ' - ? .' - , Not being able to bo with you iu .person, I will try to in spirit and gi Ye you a few of my thoughts by meane of pen and paper." I qaivhot exchange ideas with 7ypur so, you 'will have a little, of the advantage for, tho pfesenfy until su61v timo asP I can bo. .with . T 7 : ' .. ' Better ask what shall we do as boy?, What shall we do with our books and toys? V With lessons to learn and teachers to please, Better ask what j&haHw? dp with these; 7i4i For they wU g0,' wbcn our youth Is past, 777 And,' ar you say, we ar3 trowing fast. 5 First Boy T V yoy ;:I:7' attended -- am sure thejr will be, no yeryjrreat loss, And when we grow to be our own men. then! Oh, I wender now, what we shall do " : : us be and let ug good great, j WeSrtlfdo Bometnlng at any-fot- -- -rf e. Scccmd J3oy- -. ., t - ' t ' Firstbo- yj.;;; 1 ;, .! ; : ' it b, ! - : We'll choose for a guide in our childhood days, Bim, who is worthy of prayer and praise;. We'll serve Him in boyhood, and then,' and then, He'll help, us to serve Him when we are men . ; lorthtcetlcrn JSducator. : - . s . , -- :':l-Stur. : ;? 1': Second JSoy for to be boys though we idle, Yes, for shame me-- . and both , Cod has a work for you BOTH: ; , " t I see I am wrong In looking ahead, When the lessons hard, that I so much dread, Lie waiting to teach me thegood and true: For shame to be idle,"with so much to do! . i. youwiUTibless the day fc I reheh m en t was is 'tore--- : ins tit u tedrt Som e in ay su ppsa u tthaJ3a--smalL- . rr trenchzijfcd resialonoj-bSvhen item you consider how many other bad habit3 ; need eradicating from our minds.- - Theso' Societies consist of every noble, atid thing that exaltin, pur6 a Avilijeyentually itake:u els, if cwe have a desire and try to bo so ourselves.' Wc have to work out our own salvation and It will bbM ourselves who are to blame if when the" Judgment day come? we are not prepared, for we have all the advantages necessary to : learn 7Let; lis take a look at ourselves and see what part of our natures wo would be better vithout, often slur i people, . and retrench in perhaps only through a feeling of jealousy; but it hurts the person spoken of perhaps more than we intended.-r;:V4i:ir:'How often we criticize and make fun of a persoa that really we ought, to respect; and perchance if ,wo vere talking to them we would bo most amiable and ..courteous, : well here is a .case jot crHicisnxn.and f deceit, X think it is a much; better plan ;io speak well of every one, and if wq? cannot, . make men, ' ' We must lbor now and prepare for then, And our books and lessons so bard and dry, . Are fitting us now for the byand-by- . 1 h each ind rulei and our teacher, If we please -- ' at And are prompt and punctual school; 'T ' If we try to de right again and again, We'll bp ready to work, when we are men. "'TVyoa'forgetas-boj- ? ahtly in7urIendeaT0 ' ' ! n - -- ; : meet-iNGS'i- ilthTV'dr(d;7or a,:yarV and not take theriehes of this world for would and the light kripwledge. ?I received there; and if you who hare starteil out will persevere with a determination to learn the ways o.fiihe;: Ijdrtl you v wiil be, jMesdvjbuhd- - 77 l etkenchmext trie1 oht but books get ttiipld and teachers croys, w7L-L- . r let u Im, united in all our undertakings or Let 7 us be we vm fnec(iii)plish uuthing fliumbh', pniyeritil imd watchful, for.;-thEvil One b at work trying to destroy our efforts to do good. Rut if we, a Uuid of sisters are bound together in union and love, nd nbpdlfinrft tn tho TTnlv rierfthood. and the principles of the Gospel, we shall be W3 live, ana able to; do some goou while ' wjien we Are called to go behind the vail we' shall not stop our progress in good works but in a brighter sphere progress from step In btnn unfil ttrri orMfl nf,4Ufl rrrn? nrtft V"V fllUtibri that we have iived7fbr;? which may 77Gbd' tliroucrh Itltratrix:rr4nt unto us In the nam a of Jesus Christ. Amen. 1 t i u .1uajjp Disiers one aim au win uu ii..'. ,jNeY ear, may tne spirit 01 uoa owni in through all ymir. yourjhomt!simd :letui-yo- u fluuesiiuviiie as moiners iu i&ntei,i ahu -you my young sisters wno iuivu now ueeu called unnn to steD forward in the mission you were sent here 'to perform; You are the daughters of Ziun lnrn. of parents who 1 , " ' - DOM, OR NOTHING. BOYS. . And I ask myself asain and.affala, What shall we do when we are men? 123 - 1:7:' fastr ,( ' 1 E X P.O.N E NT. UETRECUMENT- OR GOD'S 7- -, A DIALOGUE S; , 77Jio!dlhOipiY3j preciate the 'greaF privilege Do you . ap thTOMsfdu" upbn'youjUio ny other' daughters in Their lathers and mothers the nation 7 great as they' inay bedo not have the uoly riiiESTilooD therefore young ahters be thankful for vour callincr. and if you lack Him Who is wisdom be humble, and ask-owilling to give; and if you- - are faithful to the requirements; made of you by your leaders, you will be able to do a greater l" worKman your mouiers navo uvuu uown and the Lord your rather will smile ; on you,fand bless: you and your posterity. - May God bless you one and.all, U the pray-- 1 i.V-e- er of your sisterdn7the,Gospel. : uA. 0 HEPVIQ HN3EN. r u ir ? 1;.--! 1 tit , snow bXskets? : let us" keep 'sileritSpraetimes persons 7 will ha glad, to learn.' ,. Take a yard of; common cotton cloth, sheet tear some take an old it in strips an inch wideband fringe out each side to two or three threads in the center. ?ihisj4hey well-whiten- , ed Twjst the strips jooselyv Take hoop-skidoanjd make wirerany flight wire. will two hoops: a7desirablo; slze the tipper across, the lower one eight inches : "somewhat smaller. Wind the hoops with jplairi strips; "and 'fasten the. npper and lower plain strips at ttrips together with four ;other.' equal distances fromjeach the tringeel strips from the upper hoop in loops ;oT various heights; the ends of eactr loop being sewed to tho upper hoop' at disrt 7pne-perh- tanced apart propprtioued- tor its length. Cover the space between the hoops well with long and short loop3. Littlo bows may be sewed on wherever they will look tasty. The handles aro four - long fringed strips, sewed together at the- top..' The light delicate beauty, of these baskets could hardly be conceived. They last longer than one would expect, and though they cannot be washed, some keep them looking well by sprinkling them with floun . Ope made of canton flannel was yet more fluffy and pretty. Baskets made in too .same way of the coarsest kind of red flannel look almost exactly like cora. ! aps 7:viting?7s . . , --E- x. m rl k la l m. 1 A m v - ; bo-wildcr- cd education has been entirely nig-- " lected or improperly managed, we see the " worst passions ruling with uncontrolled and incessant swayG into craft, and anger rankles into malignity. most salutary, Restraint, which is- thought : most JudicioU3 adcomes too' late, and the f : monitions are urged in vain. !; uose who joy 'Tin wealth gro w a thoseho joy in their friends too often lose nobility of Spirit those who joy . in sensuousness lose dignity 01 cnaracier; those who joy in literature oftimes become pedantic; but those who jo'ytin liberty L e., 7 that all should do as they would be done' by r possess the happiest of joys. Bayard Taylor saysit' is not generally ' understood that ahe7 worhaa in. ancient ... Egyp t was jbonred a nd 7 repec ted equ ally , as man. There was anions the' Egyptians 7a lofty appreciation of . the marriage tie. !The wife's name ''was' often placed before . . As I cannot hav,e the pleasure of being with you being confined to my bed with a heavy cold, which I received in doing good to others; "but thatis all right," I thought I would send you a few lines to be read in your meeting.: The Lord has not .forsaken me, He pours out His spirit upon tme abundantly when all around me are as leep. I have good reflections and theispir-- : it of light leads me to see even behltidtho f "vaii where the spirits of tho saints are work-.- : with us, arid preaching ing In to the spirits who 'died without akriowledge ' of the Gospel; but they , do not have this, world and Its wickedrics3: to contend7 Hvith I: as TVo havejf thereforb to-da-y, . , ; co-operat- ion Ko man can for any considerable period, wear one faco to himself, and another to the multitude, without finally getting : as to which may bo true;- - : ' vari-ciori- s; f - :"' : : ; TO THE RETRENCHMENT GIRLS CITY. i l7 ill - - : OF-PLAI- ? 7W11ERE Rebecca Manning. : how well easy temper, for what matter her house be ordered, if she want command over herself? Who can enjoy tho most skillfully cooked dinner, if the aspect of the mistress of the feast be souraud : unin , - it a mild; f ? $ ; Let the young housewife cultivate sat-isll- ed -- -- wound our feelings, but let. us ript wpund t heirs, but overcome eyil wi th good, th is is the most noble, and we shall feel better with ourselves fbi doing 7 so. jiyery thing' that is revealed for us as a people , through the Tauthorittesibf the church, let ' us heartily endorse arid put i n pra6 tice "f to the best of bur abilities, arid if we do - this we will be as near perfectfas ' the angelat bf heaven, for they only do the best they7,can. But we come jar short of that as yet Let Tus look for the beam in our own. eye and wo shall not bp able to sob the' mote In another .person's. 7 77,:;;. 7 ;V"vt;so Let U3 try to prepare ourselves that wo can be with the faithful in; the preseneo of our Heavenly Father, thisf fs tho prayer' of your sister1 in the Gospel of Christ: ; A great many know already liow to make these baskets, and there are also many who do' not, and they are so simple and pretty . niy-bcIovcd7si- stcrs mat nam'e3 of wu iv ' the mothers instead of those of 01 lilO nuSUillJU, uu Buua uutu the fathers. Women often sat upon the - throne arid administered all trie affairs 'of tho 7 Goverrimeri ' The assertion fjvvo so often ' hear in these days that woman had always 'a pbsition of subjection to man Is glaringly false.' In ancient Egypt ho. jo3.sed no not shared by importatit right which was ' i her. The Alpha. t -- 