'ESP'ONEM; 3V0,MAN? S the varieties of 'vinter. vines rand .shrubs, but all in g6od'time;i we have niarii? things we can beautify our homes with', and eyery year prosperity, increases in theso vaileys, and if we can teach our little children to be grateful to the Giver of all blessingsjlie tim . will come" wife n no "good t lil ng will be wfthheld. The city in Its frdsfy addtiilnj?" reminds us of the land of enchantment; imd is most peculiarly adaptable to the season of ' ' holiday enjoyment. There are many pleasant games for indoors suij table for t he c hi d rei,-w-h ie rwelio pe they yr.ill appreciate; with ..jjiprrylaughter, glatf vbices arid happy hearjs. .Think of all yourjsweetest songs to sing on lire anniversary of that blessed, .mqrltowhettesus was born in Bethlehem, iand let the merry Christmas welcome spring from the depths of your joyous, hearts, to usher in the first glad morning of the' winter holidays. Do not let one frown on yourrface darken the light of your honSe, butlafc sing merriiy." And do not forget the poor, nor the sick, nor even the duinb animals, feed and pet them your dogs and;,cats, or your little canaries and tlirowout plenty ofjjrumhsoi: Hie little snowbirds, and lqvc dings to the trunk of the great tree, budding ma putting forth US bright. foliage, raakfhg it if possible more- beautiful than when standing, ; honors him by placing - around Jiis name the laurels he has vvoiu The picture is not too highly colored,-- ' ta at tain jindt hgughjaJLraay; not le worts are greatness hero, yet 'their good the less important. :j many there are whose wh ole life - How - seems td be composed of beautiful thoughts, words and deeds;'" wftose souls so expand with charity that they take in the wjiolo vrlT wifK-ftvn- fr ImJa for nrtrTfinrt His 5th, d - r rroa- - 167CV SOMETHING ABOUT HOLIDAYS. 5 sUa-ilhav- . la-bo- dpwn, back and forth t to attend to,Uiatiusine3s 1 was .writing this so you see while I was writing for you blessings giyviruhere.GhecVe'very little ft!ks, iwaV laying up gralifin caebf future emerg;ency, lgst an dear .little .ones likVil6u should ever suffer for bread ' , Hang up" your stockings and see: what" "Santa .Claus" will bring this Centcnriial Chjstmas; of,courahe is wild with delight like .all the great people, and Jie, will show it by 'his' exfrayagance, else he would; not be a:fair specimen of the type of his class' theTfun-loyinholiday-makingalmsgiv- joily-catininffi precious shower down their treasures through the chimney, or jump in through the cracks and -- . 7 be-grate- ,- g, g, ; l good-.fellWs,3vh- crevices as soon as e very-bod- y ; S. h: City: Deci 13, a sleeps. , , ful Jet L Wl?roVde? 1 oii ire,: ' be orimanortonclysorrdwrul your fir.st errand to share with ones, prove the frulh of the Savior's words, mora blessed fq ;women in excess ofmenr. ra "It rate our. homes with evergreens and all the arietiear or Farieti rncs;hlcli .abound profusely in the New England woods, but hu newicooBtry wo:havo not yet all that God and Nature have ordained that woman's "true sphere',' is home and house- work ,with a husband i to' "support lieri" With this the most of women arej doubt- . A 9000001 jliGraejousi'jodnf( agine 900,0.00 slim, stiff, staid, starched old maids, anpp fault of theiri; OOOjOOOmaid-e- n aunts more or less "ussy;" 00,000 wo- men, hp by a mysterious dispensation of Providence, are unprovided with husbands to "support them;" 900,000 ivies without any oaks to twno ilVOMahQthsos 1 : less, disposed to agree, but what can be done about 90Q,OOa exceptions to the rule?;; Carl Schurz tells us that pmen 'bbultf ' be educated for wives and motuers; and all education lor girls should tend to husbahds and housekeeping. Thls'wonld be all very : well, perhaps; if the supply of husbands' ' would "hold out,'! but statistic !tell us there; ' are over 900,090 surplus worn e ri; Great i over nd 30,000 Jni'Hhetat; of j Britain, Mashuselts alone, and heaven drirt kWys r' " how many. elsewhere. ' ;m i Now in view of this treniehdbU faef,: ytV: call upon the philosophers iand learned men' who profess to k no walUjabout tho chief lend of women, to explain what is to be done w l th these surpl us womea who are fixed by H uiU i j: late, out of thelr.trud sphere? Qh, but the education :of women -- should r. tend to vhusbands and housekeeping; Schurz;; but ho dpsetft lell wheretlTe' 'husbands are to come from j or; wheretvo. o men are. to get the houses , tot keepioi the (money to: keep: them, and i3ibusekce)in i not a businessj that pays, i asf ievery woman knows. Now. if Parlia'merif, inllieu bands, would furnish each cot thosa floo.ono i surplus women with a Itouso ter keep qnd' an adequate income,, we have! no doubt 'ihe oh most off them would be cbhterit even wittf: out a husband to go; on kedpin-housto of end . and would show no the, tho.fdiapter to whatever crowd :their way in; disposition to the businesses that.payi V(ButLas long as these, women have ; to. mako ..their r own money or starve, they wyi;reachoutjustJW men do for..whajt.evet.wiU:pay-bestfi-i-"A woman who .(has discovered; that 4bes ' can make; three thousand, a y ear an d keep a z '. .carriage as a doctor, is mot liotibe' scared !back into the kitcheaUbr board and clothes; if she should finJ, bydiBtpf pjpek and pq !se vbran'cei' that soft sea 4 Wfq pot reserved,. ' h-;ct- . . : says-LM- ; of-h- u. e . - . i . s- 5 1 , Ibrmencalone,1 It Is'jiot lively1 she , wUI W iive d61lars'h'weekj if fehshauld tKscover , ' thahat feci' follow findbilffyndjuli lr knbwle)gelpf4hb;la; and, gbspet;.witthut regard to sex, it iliardfy probable? sbe will- or no sphere. ' ' The t!niff1Lg6nd''by when ions or the trades. , beea use to enter; these 2 will, as men sayvunsex ibeihV r ; to receive." When I was a liitle.gWfihm wo used to decogirl mean men, and finally," bHef96b;oS& ?; wompn in ureat liritatn, alone, left "out In the cold," although the wise ' meii tell us a BessJeBranible.Jn the Woman's Jour. ;nal," discourses the( "Surpjus Woman" question after the following fashion, !for hen texennguncenieiitla"tlia-j6ar-na- taking l tfiatlhere are in Great -- Britain 900 000 ; ' g, t'd'--b stockings for hothlng. " The' philosophers men may laiK iiu au is Diue about aim wiso . r AND WHAT THEY A HE TO DO. tKexeI-cTiuJnorld- !.y itnit e" ane!iHheM 187C. SURPLUS WOMEN. good-for-nothin- i one childhood; if yon have not the very gift you longed-for, for that which you have, and th ink. how wany little chil dren wlioWouldrbe to have even a comfortable home and glad warm fireside, and if you know any who -- upand ar-ticl- e, mc-mori- al ; rs wiiudiwwaited around the platform; and walked being5 hamssed-ahd-wf- ! Merry Christmas" to all, and if you like to hear from me,, you another letter for the glad New Year. , , , , Perhaps pme ounyOUflOv leaders wtio are very fond of humorous and funny things, will think my style too dull and tame for such a jolly time of yearVbut'rI wilt1 tell" ' them that while I .was hurriedly jotting these few items, ,'I4vvas busyi performing another part in a drama, .so new that even the import of "it is scarcely discernijbie to those who have been 'cho's en to' take the nio&t I: tell my young prominent! parts.v-Shallf friends that one-othe good sisters, who for Zion, and myself were Iookingaftert t h a Muling anU stori a g; away of grai n, and , OLf -- mMefbr 7lpro evqeeatm'e5God,has ncfunced j them - all gooditRemember1 '? Mj -- nolmne TiclT6utl)rthelr lives by : -- Little children always expect something new and pleasant at Christmas time. I recollect perfectly when I waVa little girl how I used to tease my mother and big sisters and everybody else, even grandpa, to tell me stories and sing , me songs about fairies and all sortspf funny things, including Santa Claus and his wonderful maneuver, ing, I always like to interest myself in the children. I know that the time welbeslow upon them is not wasted time, if we are in- culcating in their young ana tender minds such, germs as shall expand and grow into principles of truth, and knowledge of right and wrong. Mothers do not grudge the time you bestow in preparing surprises lor thelittle folks; How beautifully nature has' ornamentedthe city for the advent of' our yearly holiday,. Can; any lover of, the picturesque fall to admire the tasteful and graceful1 ornamenting "brtnetrees, "shrubbery and crystal glass? All thesb furnish the most delightful winter landscape in the valley, and Jodkingafar to theMops of 'the majestic mountains, how sublimely grand their hoary tops tower above us like the "everlasting hills."., It seems as though the king and queen of fairyland had been decorating the city and all its surroundings for the of the birth of the blessed Redeemer, leaving only the work of our own dwellings and a sanctuarypreparing in our hearts tit to cherish His love and His life. If we would imitate .Uimhosa,birth we Christmas-day "commemorate, we inust be full of charity and loving kindness, doing good ' deeds, be they in overdo simple a way. Let no frowns be upbriahe-- , little ;facest but smiles und 'joyous words," songs full of praise and '(vbieYng for aUMheianifold stand " 1 1 - v : tures, forgetful of self are ever able to help in some way all who are brought within their godlike influence, until their whole being i3 one great song of praise to the Creator and blessings" to their fellow man, and itlnay truly bo said of such a - woman "a thing ot beauty is a joy forever." S. L. City, Bee. to pine on the stem" , 900,000 Juliets with "nary" a Romeo; 900,000 "weaker vessels"-annobody to lean on; 9Q0,O00 social faib ures," as Sir Henry James calls them;-900,ouo women out of their hea vert' ordafni heriiU"roiihoicxyrpeThaps, bu be cause they cannot get in; 900,000 "women1 who cannbt ask , tlieir ihusband-a- t hbtnej yhen they want to iknow anything arst" i aui leacnesp '.yooouuuwomen who- must "hoe their own row;' 900,000 women' who e-- ba-ub- none ill1 ! , MrsSwisshelm S3ys,Tho-phiI03opIio- 4eem to know tha(ahard yfork never 1 unsex-e- s a wqinanjjOnlyjWages : tiaU,V Ar t woman may toil likeaJtosCoCbqrden, ai; in Germany sli ma,4wor: itjho Jiarvct field all day and'4"do the h6u3e work at 