I WOMAN?SrE XEQKEKT. hours of solitude and sor row,1 and enliven Ihb period of restland recrea con tion jWhenHhebdl8:ih tlnued exertion, the mind 'ibaybe Invigorated and inspired 'with the most pleasing emotions by reading the writings of learned authors; Knowledge, when once acquired will remain with us jtfrf be' a iodrce Of pleaH4n every condition Initi 6d of our,xisiencef butit; cannqtbo obtained without seiioba attentian and application. Then let us improve our time, and store our minds with? wisdom striving tQ"becprie thoroughly educated in every respect. The desire to accumulate niches, seems lb' be the ruling passion witli Jhemajorlty "of the world, and to obtain itj many will trample under foot every social and moral obligation. Bui let us make merit our standard vf excellence, without any regantaa to whether the possessor is surrounded by wealth and affluence, or jiving in. poverty and obscurity. . lit-ti- '-- - ."'- i . -- . - i, Mona,Juab . .;. j , . Coi - Tjbbs. :!S. .. : . - r ; ; "$?OTLmi;occter ; home-literatu-re home-cultur- e. nt v. , Mils, E, Davis, Bait Lake City, is agent for the book entitled "Correspondence of Palestine Tourists' for Caches Morgan , Summit and Halt Lake Counties. 1 ; Society: Mrs Pack. Dear Sister: and; feelings of for Uie. gratitude kindness .shown to our dear mother, we beg to Return our aincere thanks to all the Jadles of the, Relief Society;- ther kindness will never be forgotten by .us as a family. My brother and sister Join with me in v thanks. Believe me your Eisfer in tbe Gospel of Treastiry of..... ; r Donated by Sisters to St. .......' George Temple to etc. Temple Clothes Lamanite8...i....i Credit to the Sisters for work v Cash invested with inter- - . est, amounting to. 120 15 s -- 8 10 - ; . r ; 62 53 30 50 " 37 7u ''"s"; IS 00 ! 476 0G. . : , ' Articles made by the Society during ftieyear too riumerpus to mention In detail, consisting of bedding, suits of ciothes for' burial arid other purpose?, ladles; drekses and under-clothinapkron8i caps, stockings! veicpar$"o menV'9.iuxtS) ,. ; socks, etc.... ' Mrs. R. President Grantrexprebsed a ! wish that we use our surplus, means in assLstloc to build tbe Temple,i.realizing Jhexnecfssity of g, under-clothing- . employing ?our, time and ability, as much as i i Si) possible in that directicm; a . Bishop Wool ley made skime1 excellent' remarks, expressed hii(satisfaction WRH the Sisters; felt thaflie BdoTen rest-e- d uuon the few. Gave 6m good idviceto the sisters and hoped we would 'be one with the brethren in forwarding the work on the' Tern. : ers -- ea p!o. " ;. .v ' 1 - 1 'the'ex-ertionsof ; ' There were some of our good sisters jpreseht by invitation Whom we wou!d have been pleased to liave heard from, but meeting was adjourned early on a eeou n tof the-- f u ral of Bro, Charles A. Iong: where most wished to n -- attend. ,r . E. II., Goddard, Sec'y. . ; education. Who can portrayithe inany advantages to be derived from' the cultivation of the intellectual faculties? Education, when associated; with li I y - f ' '' "'. : ' In condudon 1 ' ' ' I beg te exnn6 my hope tLat ybur paper may tn et with ; the" patronage It - r;)IcfC.--:.- ' - ' -:-V-n M. A. of tho America ri gijl iin England; says LikOiha yilMp hhz goeth 5vhero sho Hsteth; : hut eV6ryiinhn nauieth rwliencd sh6 ' com-.etb;-ii6b3?a- r$a oitaatroni tho .lnhnieiit si? e jbg ts foo t ph British solU Eew of tbcin jarQatfaro that she has e ami j beca phrriosely fraindd t6 . .ieif-reliaac- klt-do- ' 'The ' London Pall Mall Gazette, speaking : - 1 s public Celebration 1 of religious services. Sunday U devoted by he jChrfctiansf Ion-da- y by tho Greeks,-Tuesdaby the Persians, ' Wednesday by."the Assyrians Thursday by tho Egyptians, Friddyby the' Turks, Satur- clay by tho Jews.- - " ; cour IStkfft. MIBCELLAOMS. a rerrjarka.bl0 act t hit & very day in the theweek Is observed by sorif6"hatioDlfdf 1 li'-i- - c. a. Williams- - moral principles atid actions will enlarge the mind,"and promote ourhaippiness, by preparing us for more exalted pursuits and pleasures. It will enable Us to express our ideas - with clearness and intelligence, and to form proper cbn , : : tcpllsms of the attributes 8107 1 tem-pbr- al . - ' rsed pro-gressi- ng With heartfelt tbJinkjfidne : ! 182 60 to-Disbu- needy Leavlrig a balance in : great satisfaction to know that we are with each other in the cause of building up the kingdom of God, and striving to work out our own salvationi whichj)ught to be the;great object of our lives, having takt?n upon Sai nts. Perthe name of Latter-da- y haps a fewrwords about iour little secluded 8et- Ue'ment would not be amisa.'it is small, but nevertlielesa the most of the people are alive to their duties and I feel safe in saying that we tioTJOt lack-goteachings and exmr4e3-toi1' , t , those that aro placel over usl We haVoH Relliff Society under, this judicious care and maagement of Mrs Margaret through he( Untiring efforts and also he efforts of the sisters,1 it is steadily and has fproveda 'great blessing' in manyfrespect; as bur numbe'rif are :Tma1)7 ' there arabut few who nee( ajsistancelna Ve (,taiis6'';ia'Ybufg polritof ;vlew. 'is Ladled lUetrenphmpnt Association well attended and ''apprecfateVihy tioJy6upg ladles. It Vas brganlied' nhd'yelt, ag'olast April by thePrepidentand Counselors pf the Relief Society; since then they have made the best use of jCvery available opportunity for improving their window . We 'have also a Young Men's Aociation, who have been favored with a vis- it from Bros, Hardy and jYorng, whose excellent teachljogs have already proved a great benefit' They have sown goodBeed on good ground which will germinate and; in due itinje bring forth good fruit; for we have4 good yonng- men among ua, as well a young ladies, in our little isolated home, who if proper y guided i will be able to do much good in bariag-ofth!3 od LADIES OF I7TJI WABI? RELIEF - Goddard Secretary, EmmeUne B Wells Assists Sec'y. ' . ' E !i zabeth In sundries amounting to sick and : HOME AFFAIRS. ! Counselors., The balance of last Reports and' Receipts by Teachers during the past year1 amounting in -- 1 -- , our-selT- i Peace. - Mrs.'. Relief Atwood, Treasurer. , co-work- atro. To THE . Lydta Ann Wells, , ; t Having been for some time a careful reader of our Woman's paper, I feel it my duty to acknowledge my satisfaction iwith the same, knowing that it contains much 'good information and insiruc tioh Tor both 'oW, and youb, if on)y brought into practiceV according to' thb privileges granted us by our Heavenly Father. One thing I regret and that is. that I did not subscribe for it in the commencement. I take great pleasure in reading the correspondepce from dirjerent settlements, as it conveys to nib that spirit and feeling of oneness, that is so highly to be prized in connection with the great and glorious Latter day work. It is a ion j (one. of innite interest Mosj we; would tender our sincere rianks to all, who by their patronagiB, influen'ce or cprreipon'deiice 'bejp tq.sutaln the Woman's paper. The women of TJah atthe present time occupy an Important position and should therefore be diligent in availing themselves of every avenue open to them for improvement in as as of in well every other department Hoping that we may.sreceive from our riumerons friends and patrons tbe ercour-rgemein the future that . has been accorded us in the past, we dedicate the present volume together with ail the 'ability and 'power we may be able to bring ;Into requlsltion,;to the ' best Interests of Zlori'at'horiie and : ,r- ' 1 : : 1 V : This numtkr..usHers 'iffutho, fifth volume of :;;y;-- . : Editors Exponent:1 the " WosiN . lows, viz. Mrs. Rachel R. Grant, President, Bathsheba W. Smith,1 . , Alpin; City, Utaij Co;, May, 8th. ' ,- - r 'letters. . j At the annual meeting, held on Ithe 25th of April, at the ThirteenthWard Assembly Rooms, Bait Like.CUy, theSeventh Annual Report of the Relief Society of that ward was read. The names of the present officer? are as fol- 'fMyt!o:it,V' i short week's or months-- , Editor Exponent: It will cheer the his e acknowledged by those who constitute realm. His all rally firstfhought of and provided for, byand save himself; andls affectkjnate thanks vto the reciprocal cheerfulness and attention wants of the others, are amp rewards for all !M PW;for the thought and mrta ' ' him. sure to gbmervery practical, person, will be intimate thar in! wriiihffrthft aboyeVs we have been wasting time by drawing ;Utopian sketches. We make ready for such i remarks by annot swering afore hand thatisttchipiclttres need be simply ideal if irieri and; women will only takeppaihs to make Inern real, Courting is feeeause only mVcharmin lovers curb thefr tempers,1 gHard their tongues, control their passions and seek by all the gentle and loving powers of their better natures to make themselves agreeable, their companionship desirable; while husbands and wives cease to do these things. vVYte forsake that better 4ife when it has: onc been, entered upon? It is but to continue love's most beautiful and sacred duties for ay lifetime instead of onlj for a few &6l-3SerUo- ! cy :. ubh:;ar,traiairii;:aE,li(y!rEI feelings itblf 'is tier. tehpi:'oicelto6httintttf6tf&ilt' ' 