WOMAN' LEABN TO KEEP HOUSE.. felt better and stronger in my life than I did when defending: the character .of this people and the principles of our belief. I attended meetings held by our Eld. ers in Bosque County Texas, and whenever it was known that I was present, I was always requested by some of the audience to speak and tell what I knew, and what had induced me to live among such a despised people. I never refused tor respond and there was a power with me whenever I raised my voice to testify to t h e truth , of the Latter-da- y work. I was told In a bless, ing given me by one of the Twelve Apos-tiethat those who heard my testimony should be pierced to theV heart, and this i prophecy was literally fnlUledSe veraT noted gentlemen remarked to my brother that they never heard a mdre convincing testimony, and that he should feel proud of a sister who in face of opposition, and the unpopularity of the doctrine in which she believed, could thus stand up and defend it. A gentleman said to me, Paul said ,it was a, shamo for a woman to" speak in public." I replied, Paul also said, Priseil-l- a and Aquilla labored with him in the Gospel, and that Paul was not writing to me, that my religion was between me and my Father in heaven, that I had covenanted with Him that if He would give me a testimony of the truth I would be a faith, ful witness to Jlim. He had fulfilled His promise and now it remained for me to be true to my. covenant with Him. On one occasion I was requested by a Universalia'n minister to speak to tho people on the subject of polygamy; thi3 reverend gentleman invited our Elders to preach to his congregation, thinking to lay a snare for them as was afterwards proven, but he was aught In his own trap, for there was an editor present who reported the discourses of Elders' East and Greer, and published them, which opened the way for Mr. East to get an article published in the Bosque Co. Herald, in which he invited the said Rev. gentleman to prove the assertions he had made by the Bible. At this meeting there was the largest audience that had ever been present, and I was called on to speak at the close of the meeting; I told them It reminded me of the Apostle Paul when ho made his defense before King Agripp3, Paul had seen the power of God made manifest (so had we) he had seen a vision and testified of Jesus of Nazareth, and the resurrection of the dead (so . do we testify of that same Jesus,, i the gift of the Holy, .Ghost bearing witness fca, and we warn you to repent and fear God for, the .hour of His judgment has come, and the .day is nigh at hand when this beautiful land of yours will be laid; waste by another desolating war, and you will feel tho chastening hand of God and acknowledge Him jerchance when it Is too late to gather out. We contrasted the practises of the mono, gamic cities of tho world, where beautiful women were led astray and excluded from society, disowned by parents and kindred, Beautiful maidens aye nature's fair queens , Some In your twenties, and some la your teens , s -- ; How your Adonis loves s weet moonlight walks, Hand clasps, and kisses and nice little talks; Then, as plain Charlie, with burden of care, must subsist on more nourishing fare; He'll come home at the set of the sun. Heart-sic- k and wearyi his working day done, . Thence let his slippered feet ne'er, wish to roam, Learn to keep house that you may keep home. Learn to keep kijuse; First in his ejes will bo children' and wife, Joy at his joy, and life of hii life," Next his bright dwelling, bis table, his meals-Shr- ink not at what my pen trembling reveals, Maidens romantic, the truth must bo told. " . . Knowledge la better than silver or gold; of health, Then be prepared in the" spring-tim- e Learn to keep bouse, tho' surrounded by wealth, v Ioara to keep house. , ' He A VISIT TO TEXAS. I left S. L. City, in company with the missionaries who were going East, on the 9th of Nov., 1875, to visit my relatives had avery-pleas- an teresting time. On the Union Pacific R. It. we met with a! number of strangers who manifested an interest In our people, and wished to know concerning. our doctrine &c. They' had stayed over Sunday in Salt Lake, and had heard Orson Pratt preach and were surprised to find the city so orderly and quiet, spoke of the saloons being closed, remarked how unfavorably we had been represented abroad. I was surprised to find books ' distributed on these cars containing misrepresentations against the Mormons. I thought the U. P. It. It. was too well patronized by the Mormons to allow such insults to them;! did not feel like being Insulted by the distribution of such literature, (especially as there was no deduction made In the fare for a lady missionary,) nevertheless it opened a. field for the missionarieSjSo that what Was designed for evil resulted in good. On our arrival at Omaha we parted with the Eiders who were, going East and boarded the southern train by way , of Council Bluffs. St. Joseph, and Kansas piHaq for', rial. las, .Texas, which is near my mother's residence, arrived at the "OhTFolks at HomoJ,, the seventh day after leaving here. To say we had a joyful meeting and all ' talked at once will not begin to f express; the scone that prevailed. My brother JThomas said it reminded him of. tq3 resurrection, that twenty years absence haf. not broken the kindred tTesj I answered, If your believe the Gospel they have grown "ten-fofStronger. He replied he had not Tost the testimony her eceived twenty years before;:jbut:was anxious to forward tho work and assist the Elden: there, were appointments mjLdvnrt fe-- nndyin , Uhe-workf-prthlngthi- - Willmirth East. SPLINTERS. GENERAL. I ! in that lovely land of ' for Indeed it is a beautiful Texas, country, ' nd I felt .constrained to prophesy that wouldyet bo a Temple built in that -- land and the Saints would possess it;: tho sown seed good there by the Elders twenty years ago lias not all died out, and by ;dili- gent care and cultivation- it wiU et ftako root and grow.': The meetings were well attended, eight persons were baptized into the church and others renewed their cov- enants by baptism, and many wore inter- cstcd,1 believing and inquiring. I noYcr tre -- ; ! - : ? JefLloJtej mourn for them, : 1 ters...... Clara Baiier, a Gorman died lately In Breslau; she was familiar with Russian society, and her last Work "A Document," was a portrayal of the best Russian society.. . . . .Ne Wportt Vermont," oh the 4 th of Julyyhad music by a druhxeorps each member of which was over J ninety years of age. America has two l thousand actors, all trying to become renowned ....v. Bryant.issaid to be the richest as well as the oldest poet, now1 living,. ;..,Over; three millions of visitors have reviewed the at the Centennial Exposition...;,. Capt. Gildersleeve will command the American rifle team in the Centennial matches. . cu-riosit- Abdul Aziz's private jewelry, valued at six million Turkish lbs., has been seized and handed to tho Finance. Department for sale...... ...Don Carlos is tall, , handsome, swarthy of complexion, dark hairldark moustache, and small imperial, v..ictor Hugo is worth half a million of dollars and Is said to be as egotistical . as he ; H rich.';.... Mrs. Swishelm Writes that iii.Gcrmariy. it is the rule for gentlemen'to bow. . first In the matter of recognition. ..V.iNews; from .the seat of war in the East is of a Very convicting character, each $idb claiming victories. All tho powers except Russian have declared JtoumaniaV demands unreasonable ......A Berlin mechanic has- iriventcdca steam velocipede, the engine is healed with petroleum,-anplacedon flu back wheels . - - does not interfere with the driver ' Dumas, who had some reason t6 complain of his plays being left .on Alexandre the shelfrsatowtronoT3wn an article In his . newspaper, against the Theatre Francais., An person immediate. carried tho.new?, the manager ly altered lis play bills. Tho next morning . people after reading the attack of the great author on the Theatre - Francais, turned to ; spo.what the , house was, performing, they "This evening. Les Denjplsellesde , read fol-- ; -- Saints, we are, proud to! say; those Who are like holy women of ; old,and as Josephine the first wifo! of Nap who would make a sacrifice for tho , the benefit of a nation, or the elevation of a -day ng o-le- on, ed - . ies FOREIGN. ill-natur- -- self-sacrifici- novel-write- r, -- their names dishonored and cast out as evil forever; compared thi3 with the Patriarchal older :of marriage .where, women are honorable wives and mothers, the children considered an. heritage from the Lord. ?You who so despise Po Jygamy. which of the two" do you think the Lord will own and bless? T ; Y 7 11 There are among tho women, of the .LatterT : The Emperor of Brazil's hotel expenses in this country are said to have been nearly $46,OOO......Charles Campbell, the Vir- gina historian, died a few days ago in the insane asylum at Staunton Vanderbilt is very likely to recovery.., Miss Allison, the engineer of machinery, in the Woman's Pavillion at the Centennial Is report, ed very III . . ... .Miss Martineau , recently deceased, left , an injunction in her' will against the publication of her private let- . ced . . , reT pie - - tf h self-sacrifici- ng , .. eel-fis- feelings and desires. To be is elevatingand exalting, it was through this principle that Abraham proved himself to be thQ friend of God. :.: . After bearing a faithful testimony, we bid farewell to Texas and our kindred ; Yes, Fare well, "In the sweet by and by we may r " i, meet on that beautiful shore." On the 25th of April, 187G, wd started for home, "Sweet Home,", arrived in S.T. City the 2d day of May, feeling, we, had not labored in vain. s, " - in T'exasnd people, rather than, to gratify, their own all-th- worthy your ain Striving for learning thirsting' for fame; Taking such pains with th& styl of your hair, Keeping your Uf complexions so fair; Miss not this item in all your gay Urea, Learn to keep house, you may one day be wires Learn to keep house. Seeking-accomplishment- 0 N E NT . , :: p St. Cyx,by Alexandre DulmasVto bo lowed byjLe3fari de la Veuve,' by Alexandre7 Dumas. evening, Mademoiselle do Bello Isle,' by. Alexandre Du-- . masto be fDlIowed by;ItomuIus " by ' 1 & To-morro- w " 