r i ,"fiiwiiiimrTi?erM-- 24 : -- Of the worst &esdifi&Wl&3 : appetite for ptroti hopes Fd I onien ruined more ib'tthiattergi ta6fe:forUthefor 1 TKo'countryT rrijbn- of h IhbasandsHundreds of siihUsnay vhojarb Avklows 'and; feit in -- ivo-jii- tHe changes of suffering that lie between fear and deipal'rbeius'thbse love wine better thatvthe omen theylia've :y , to lovd. There !Kre wdmeri'by the ' thousands iyho: dread tb hear at the door the step that once thrilled 'them with pleas-ur1 e; under the influence of1 ttie deduct! Vjlpoiinn?! ;- tar6iomctjln&;;wiUi,: pain, while ' We write 'these 1 Hvqrds frbm bruises ""hcflirutaMies'lMHedby husbands' triade ".-Y- here, k 1 Polish. A new compound.! for polisliiqg and cleaning mt'tal is composed of 1 ounce carbonate of ammonia dissolml in four' cz. of water; mix rwithilGozV of Paris white; inoisfen aspongo, dip . lightly in the powder, :rnb lightly over the surface . pf the metal; a fi .rwards dust ioff i the powder, and jit xvill leave a brilliant lustre. ; Si jjiJa pint of boiling milk on f 'Qdick :Pttddin."-i?6- ur tteriTtablespoonfuls of 'bread cranibs,': let them stand ten minutes, then add th"i yelks of four ekgs : well beaten six tablespoon nils of sugar atid two ' bjitter season1 with lemon extract;'' stir well, k tKA Wfii' nf 'fhe :6ssa beaten to a's'tiff froth. '";poifr tlle'niiitiir'e ifito a buttered pudding dish, and bake! rapidly; niake Viae' sauce, or eat wilh" cream : t noh ws . :rir? ? ftiw v t : r i , V rs . colorlhffln - ' us. Ladles " Will . , l' STVDEBAKER 5 "' ' ; ils;: :u ' ; ! j ' j-j- THE; KIND OF ui 1 AMD BOOT , At d SHQES crii) jfirjLi?. 1 g and articles made by the ' ' easy-fittin- WORKIHGMEN'S ; the Toww ClxCK e. ...i.".-- ' Stor, reasonabie-price- d SSOCIHTION, Mains 87 St.' 'Itepalrinp Donev Leather, Findings and Kit t Moderate Eatts.. . D. SI, ttcALLJSTER, Suptv , LAD IE to havo a good, substantia. If vou want your husbands or JForehjn, end Suit, cither Home-mathem to .the .. , . de , UNITED ORDER OF TAILORS They will take in: payment,' CASII, FLOUR, BUTTEK and EGGS, ; ... hWl. ' I!' TEDBfiEagle House; 0 . AUERBACH & BR0 Lake City. Salt J East ' " " r Temple- Street, g ii'.. . IO D E 9 C,K I F T E V E K: Y 4 G0SS, P. . -- or Supt. N . LOTH IN Q, BOOTS, SHOES, AKD .' " : - L " ' u- GENERAL DRY GOODS. Fine Line of SocU Home-mad- e ADIES!, CORSETS. - . , ( H. E. Phelps, , 2H J5C Staple'ftndliancy XST CS-- CCD 03 IFXD : . WHOLESALE Wholesale Euy- -' QurPilcea'vriJl be as low as the . lowest. crs will rlinl the Bet Assortment an J Bottom iMees at ti ' lUieoidliisnioacaiionse. if. r . f, v. . x. : . -- . - Sntrn S3 IfZMnerii t7dod Shape, Flowert, Ornament t, Etc., XcnU and Bojs? ClGlhingt Hat and Caps, Boot and Shoes, Ladies' Cloaks and Furs, i otions, - East Temple "29 Wholesale and i Relail Dealers in - , 1 " WAGONS,1 Specialty in Gloves an& - 'i - AGRICULTVIUtirPLEmbTS, ; ' ' : by.G )Icasc. call, as good attention to loy prices, and fuirassortnent'On cus-toi- . . 1 - AD BETAIICIALEB IX I T..U, R E ! SPRING. BEDSj VIRE- fMesses 1 ?3?ap e r Fe afchars jWal ASD FU FT-iS- T - : . ?V, 't'.i-- . v EOMEME ::ipSHES. as Of To every cup of cold water needed to make as much dough as is do3tredj put- - p - : GLASS AND QVEEfiSWARE, : : TE'ASDBL'S, - Dealing- In all kindi'of The first Rrrival of Spring Styles, Print?, BresB Cfooda, Flowers, Ac. , of exoellence, tNow KeceivUig, at " Light Dumplings. ' - 1 'l t n,-Eas- iiegafe and Ketail -- - bait Lake City. fine assortfnent, which cannot fee excelled in quality and t Temple street ?, tprice. ,, .''; , Uileg attending 'Conference should call and see her , -- i oil, . : latest styles of Hats au4 lJonnots,and J Silki ttnd Bibbpns.? yiowers in endless tarfcty. visit our New Art Our ; Uvlag put ' prices u We spare ' no pains to produce satisfactory Vrork, and . gre dctormiaod to excel in all. wo do. ; T ; , A full assortment of Day and Sunday School l'rizes kept in stock. Framcsi Chromos and Hoturtsbf .all kinds ' ,on band, vli " ' C. R. SAVAGE, Send your ordert,to ' ;: ' ''-- .' Salt Lako City, Utah. - IIOUSEIIOLD HINTS. colors; trasullialettt guarantee ter, which rates. are at Iiiii O' ;'B' Di'E ; handsome, port-trai- 'rrJ ;7i t ft terrible fact klhat . . EVERyopy sho durable, Are tho " ! undurahleluM evcrmaae. ::,is'now prepared for the Sprfug 'Trade, wlthlail the newest shades of ' , ..";'"Vi: Gttlicrj.theflntstinlbeWest We will show tbeia gpeclinchs of our nrst premium t and Landscape Photographs In all branches includ- or style ;olargeuient3 froui small pictures, any stze M. lag Otrin- is ink or water tho to-da- y, ' tre invited to . .. Recognize the living, the wino has always becj and Is thatit steals the hearts curse of your sox it'drics up your from that men of away you, prosper! ty,, that M endangers, your safety, can ,ohlypriug:yQU; thatjt custom compels you to present wino at your n feasts, rebel against .it; arid make social bow in the intcrestapf .virtue and puryour own ; ity. The matter is;:vcry mi haudsl' The women bT the country, in what -is caHed poll to society, can do raoro to make the nation temperate than all the legislators - and tumultuous xcfo 'glingjand blundering in. their efforts to thisDr. Holland in 'tolbner's for Jariuend. : Fntnps KepaJred t ; -. . Water & Steam Fitter, The Ladies of TJuV children to regard drinking as not ohly dan: gerous but disgrace ful. Place temptation in no man's way." If men will make beasts of themselvpVIet them do" it in oilier society ''!- XSuccetiof to MitchellJJawcs f TTT NOTIONS,. GROCERIES, Dijr GOODS, AND SHELF HARDWARE, 'jlEAVY v ' " THE FIWE ARTS.V T !tr j t BAft'6)dT; thei&cUt Director. jpn: i 1j; K-- WaftapV bnr Alleles v .n ;,v Lock Box, .1064.. IVi; ' m flowing VTc ' nt I via H Or t notice. from the covtotry promptly respctaped loru iirOrtitrs Address, David James, Box SQo, Salt Lake CMV' v ! 1 rtn bt'thVbesi - .i W: pu A mJ things that you Voman,!there!are can do, and this is one; you' bin fmake drink unpopular and disgraceful among the young. You ean utterly discountenance drinkliife in your dwn house, and you can hold in susevery young man who touches th e picion cup:- - Yoti know that no youngi man who drinks caii safely be intrusted with the happiness of any woman, arid he is as'unfit as mail can be for woma'n'k socle tyj' Have this imdcrs'lood: that' bvery young' inan : who r d rinks is socially proscribed.1 Bring up your yours.1' :7 - Tiimor, Ga3j i somes than .'.- J 1 o ;8bx;-; ...... f- anyiate-"inbnt'ihad- e -- ; 1 There ;an be no exaggeration in in regard to thimatter', because no human imagination 'can ereate tinytninfir Is capable tbrieithan the truthi and and of ijortraing-thttrutEbeorrpa dfutilierirson, horrors ot a mother with aro asnear the Realization of hell as can be reachecl in this forid at least. The shame, thd indignation, the sorrow, tho sense of disgrace for' h'brs'elfnd'fbrher cliildren, tho poverty and nOt unfreiuent-l- y the act of the" beggary) the fear and-no- t violence,-thlingering; Iifafl6n2r struggle, and despair of couittless wonien with drunken husbands, are enough to makoall women x'ed'rse winfi,? uhd enga6 unitedly to oppose 4t everywhere ns the1 Svorst enemy to their Manufacturers of i 'r-f.-;;i- ESSENCE OF JAIIAICA4 GINGER, TO I LET1 SO AP.HHishlj Perfumed,) - t that tepba3 l(sirued tosreel - sou. Uf ., ' ns been slain by strong dritiki )J There are hundreds of thousands of homes 1 Beatlefeti'n over the' land 1 n vrhich women because 13ATTHEWS & Co., R. Hi- to-da- y; live livesof tortureJinjg,J4)etween all ' i : is worn; ?i i 'of-'crjaaTrta- virhaU' to wh6Ba-thy.iove- "- - tUiit- aadioilf a table one tabbspoonfal spoonful jbf- - soda, then stir in instantly enough flour to make it a little thicker than biscuits; cut out qhd boll tlienrtweriTy minute's. Cheap. Puddingsike a siuall quantity ot flour, mix in it a little fcaBng pow4er and a little suet chopped fine, flavor rffK a little fruit of any kiad, . little suir to swten, and Tret np, with milk, or one ess added; boil in aclatji Ar a tin for one halt hour. eviltbat 1t andardhijlbQiianyother lh?'e& iiflmbrs tens of : "! Wtf T r dilhk in man fcaspblled more thefvesqf it Xfc :!Te 'itifiC ;H ! inST?: a bettor quality, and as cheap the Imported artlclei CttU at rna Store of th V 0. 14th tVAKD, Four doon i9lowW4JkrHoose,4iDd examine our . goods, we guarantor satisfaction,' and will take pleasure in making to order, such t roshes as we havo cot on hand. Wm. TT. MILE?, Supt. . BABY CARRIAGES I Cit 75, 77 & 79 First Soutli St., Salt Lake 