WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Marg in his arms and care for.and carry them much import also, which we consider o aric to passnxice7rhe gentleman with whom the above conversation was held, is the father-in-lanot the husband of the lady spoken o!; which, we think, ' alters the appearance of the case materially. V do not, and '! would not knowingly hold conveisation with such husband and father as Mrs: Duniway must ave jjonsider Jou r gentle- rnany and mucb 'among the Mormons, we are happy to say, that 'the motliers of men,,, and their bfl&pring of-to- imItantl3eevU8)r; pure'ahd the World, and gee the children grow up in -t- hrough; vir-- . tue and purity.' ' ' ' "'f f what .an but could think; "0n readiug this,we IppropriatQ speech a people Would'Uiat; ' fathers whoouldVcarfct iatKeirliyealther t)ricf eelinppjt 'sentence. his adfoessWntrast aT sembled, to the few who wereo n ly , fewi years rf vw utu it cimer lur gOOu or Jor evil? Think njuuuu, of it! Thihkrrrf the power you have for good, or its opposite ! Do you realize the faculty you possess, like VOUr Mnth Pr "Erth 9 Tin derstandyour present, and your final des. -- w; life-givin- g, wLueui uni uirisi iryou would vy"i only think, if you would only (t take and say qoine let us reason together,l'if this be true,iet us take heed and , Gbey it, what is wrong, let us refuse and : enqeavor to appreciate and . practice that which is wise and good. Let me (although a comparative stranger ta many of you n " w Amuttj tuiutv, iniuiv oi your in life! You will say, perhaps, where position is my position?; well,"' I will try and givo you some of my ideas, but hold! I shall get 4y ? an-inhuni- an " '. : since gathered in Sait'Lake City,,He alluded' in a pathetic manner to th history ; o Joseph; Smithy said when.the children? were answer ing the questions, be could fancy he saw, Who boy Joseph Smith- - wending his way. to the hill tCumorab. Spoke of the joy he must have felt In receiving the plates from the stone box. He alluded briefly to .the joys and sorrows that afterward, followed, and said the recollection of these things brought to him both ) artfius;nglect Towards the close ef the Jubilee a standing musical committee was formed. The Jubilee was most thoroughly enjoyed; by all present, and the most perfect harmony and 'good order" MISTAKES y myseirintoaf'fix'for I wasoingtcrpfe sent my wife as a specimen! But perhaps would you sayoh! he's infatuated." Wli, then to suit you i won't take her,but of course you will let mo "take my Mother! My own Mother! . My Teacher in early years, and up to the present time) No, I hardly dare trust you yet! So I wont vtako my Mother! If you all knew her, I'would " notlfear you censuring me for partiality but don't we all lo ve our mothers? Are they not literally pur guardian angels,. upon the earth? Yesand we may add.f'We knew it .notl'V Now I must finish .these desultory though ts and id eas, with a few more 'that s are in my mind: Burns, in speaking of the works of Nature, says; ' , , tice to its subscribers as well as to a people who are often ignorantly maligned. ; . For, the Expokbkt. , OUR PARENTS? LOVE. iThere ia,HQjQe astrueandfaithful a3 the love our. parents give us, and for none are we bo ungrateful. We take this devo- i tion aS Eometbingvwbich is our right, or as something we deserve, even , though our mothers toil an d y labor - and i deny ,themr. j are willing to believe that the mistake thus published in her paper, the ?Nqw North West, was merely a typographical error.;; Still, it demands; attention; as the erroneous ridea might be created thereby, that th "Mormons" have no .more respeetifor the .Sabbath than, to have their stores open, and business, j transacted upon that day. Mrs. Duniway's visit to (he building referred to, occurred on Saturday, 'instead of. on Sunday. ;;.:.. 3 She mentions fa Mormon lady who yi:ti acted as was both obliging and intellichaperon, and bow We gent." acknowledgement to this delicate compliment; and consequently we are prepared to speak knowingly concerning the circumstances of which Mrs. Puniway writes during her visit to the store, known as ".The She speaks of a: gentleman being accosted by her chaperon, and relates the follow-- ; "bo"ing short -' 7 : r tween theml ;' " Haye yptr t)een to see ' meaning on, pf the wives of '(he rnaniiddr6sa- , . Co-op- ." 'nyer , u Hi' I " ' I trt they getting 'along' n -- ''. "I. , . 'mt '; Mrs J), then cpmments'as follows: fi, 'When the mothers of men are thus neglected, throughiYiciousness and drunkenessj when undergoing the fiery ordeal; .of unwelcome and enforced maternity, men 'denounce, the cruel failing to preyentit by'la'w; but what' can we saypf mcti inimmanity y hen practiced under the name of. adhered to asan ordinance of Go religionand the Uwmeaiiwhile 'A ' -- -' remaining ty,-thoug- powerless?' C .Was Mrs,, Duniway .watching forc iniquity,' 7- - thatshe Jnaagedivered'abuiblack cthereiniru bnot the AbaTIoof'k reality wa Tisibje?,; We ' ' I S. L. City. dark ! V;v IlsumJnrecYing LJ i "Her Ilan', ebe tried on Mdnf..ffT t tJi'i :.: - l.r: i 'prentlco And then she made tbe Lasse$i 0I" s t.f--v- , I believe that God ordained man Jader and Woman to be his to bp the "Heip-meet,- " 1 e : : V-- ;: that is that she houldwal fefffbif to foot, and shoulder to shoulder wltti her 'brother Man! Why, oh! why cannot you as Sisters, as Wives, as Mothers, as Women as Girls, follow in the footsteps of your Brother Man, if worthy, in whatever capacity, or position he may standto you. ''Give me the woman who isone with me through, the Journey of life, my God, her God, my hope, her hope; my people, her people.- - Do I ask too ratich? '"..Verily No! Thei-- have't; been manysiich "women upon 'earthy .thogKfthor6 bo but few! quite41 enough to reamdng ' : : . deem the sex. Then my sisters awake from your lethargy, your apathy, shake off the listlessness that how 'enfolds' so many and say we will realize the Ilssion God has given us,- whether" man helps us or hot, Whether he ow& it or not; we avil be a v1" for Manr ' Helpmeet ' ' i: ' ! i , - ; j f . -- I shall throw my ideas I iinto' language,' but rrry 'theme Is (Woman! j I j; fear I shall fail in doing 'justice to the do hot know how ia the'fulIestlBensei 'I know I ought ta.gor 'bui l:toobuv ' said the saint.",; ;, 7 r; 7 " ' v may desert us, our friends vanish,- - andr, in ;our sorrow and distress, leave us; but our parents cling to us in all trials and troubles, and we are deareri to t them toraay?inisfor-tun- e or grief , we, may chanco to have, or meet with in. this life. Then, let us do all we can to make our ! parents hearts rejoice, and that will add to their happiness in any r.wayand show them by our actions that we apprecikte their kindness and lovej.'and try 6 jlghten their troubles and labors then, when, they shall leave1 Us, we will have nothing;' to reproach ourselves with on thei r account K but to obit forward eagerly to the time whfefitwe! ' shall meet them with joy and gladness and be assured that the meeting will bo a welcome one. tt Mit J; R. R. Hampton. . . r ' - ' Sep., 1876.; V ; Iota; ; of Mi wilUishowlhow much wo o wc toLwonian V't iWhocgavo me iMymother! lifenafurally ipeakldgf c . S. L. City, yet'I; wiir tryf I am a woman's friend " . - ..V sub-ject- " Nicely,Uepl4 ur guJSc) Vbut: Voujought : ; 7 : ' . ' . ' our earliest .'infancy till our growing .to womarihood; "We ean never comprehend the extent :Pf !her love and patience with u ns; y et is there anything likeit 2 Our lovers -- from an accpunt of her recent ..visit to tH&cttyspeaks of goings through Mrs. Dimiway, ip i HYGIENIC NOTES. I Twho . . ,f.-- ; an d : watched c'ovdr i do in ; m$ baby-hoo- d lr T: smartweed mokten with or ErysipeUs;-rTa- ke 'boyhood,1 in sicknes3 and in health? , Who the part, affected. If tho water, and apply to taught !me to ypeak? Who taught me? to herb can be obtabed green it as preferable; a tea pray?1 j My mother! wh 3: has: watched over of the same drank inwardly will assist in remov-- , me through the critical: moment ol youth-fu- l ing the disease I from the iaterioribfi the I body. lifo?upi4'manh5c?t.My;jMotherI iWho Erysipelas - ia .caused , by jaafinjudicinns ih'vicg, was' wlld,ohl so wildiito flinch rcrcates' a , pntrefaction of the! blood, i No rnotherl Who obeythe i Priesthood?subdMy ue my wild nature ; person would hate this disease if ; sufQcicnt; tmt-- ; gave hie strength to taken acconjpanied by a mata- Wise suggestions? j door exerciso Tvas 'bylierkiad teachings and every erea-in- g Mxf Mother! i: Who. oh ' earth are mv two ral and proper diet,; and spotfge-bat- h andirnorning- - tol keep :tbt.' pores of the tlia friends- - to'day? My wife,! and my be8t,f . . . . 1 m'J !?' r 'il i 'llL-- J ; ree, SQ that Jlaturo . could thmw: off i tle : id pare MOtner; iciassinem logemer now;' uecwsu often accumulates. This . diaeafce 1 kbvjw no differenco!:Belneko blest; should .( matter .HcTi riot'WOtriari be nivi theme ?l; Andtwhere can caused.by aediclaer chichi bas been preouily 9 kttr and may hare. b;en gathering ;in the system write upon? Ladies I I;get a bet'tei: subjecttb to I ask you from 19 U5'-yod' ever think u- :i for jearv io. which .case there is noperniaueut v . iiT your" position ontthisr earth? ifllie inflpure except to purify the blood. r f -- -- , told-rrlohb'n?- r," . r ; CORRECTED. coun-togethe- . tne anticipated exaltation of Ithe Latter-daSaint, reclines in his little kingdom begun on ' earth. - We hope the f'Xew North West'' will publish this explanation, which as an advocate of truth and true ihtelligehcej it should do in jus- pain and pleasure in meditating upon them. Sup't. Moses Thatcher read some selected lines which were very appropriate to theoccas- - " 69 I -- . ; , : ; : i : 1 . -- la-- j do . -- . ;- - 