WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 08 iand infused it into tho hearts of it truly seemed like nngelsvisits and we trust tho fire kindled will continue to B. S. BEPOBTS, tho-audl-cn- The meeting of the. Senior "and. Junior burn in our hearts till we are enabled to perform all that is required of us. Our Bishop was present and boro his testimony to: the truth of their remarks; was pleased that the sisters had come, and wished the Betrenchment Association in the Four teenth Ward Assembly Rooms. Nov. 11 was one which significantly illustrated in its movements not only the ''signs' of the times', bat the implicit confidence the good sisters place in the teachings of their be- 1UCU ' HUJ)UCl 1: seoue 01 j UiiU X 1C3IUCUU 01 xne . Jt i ...... JLU a , UU- - Hit! Association, Mrs. M. I. 'Home, Counselor E; B. Snow ine-jrresiuexi- presided over the meeting, and after ' the reading of minutes from the different wards, and other: formula connected with a meeting of this kind, Miss Snow called tho at tention of the sisters to the proposition of President Young to them as to the buying mm:LViiJg ui grain . mua nuuw uiuunt it necessary to have a Central Committee, who were chosen then and there and sustained by the voto of the assembly. Miss Snow made many appropriate remarks up-t 1 II At. l-i i ' i -t- v--- work Is true, including cooperation and plural marriage; that it will bring happiness to all who will live up to its requirements. : ' Wishing valuable paper a circulayoir tion in evory home, wo remain, Your sister In the Gospel, Mabgaret Bandall, President, ' 1 , i.J looming of the grasshopior3 during tho present year. Her words were precious, and would they were engraven on every heart that more care and economy might be manifest in the daily lives of the Latter-da- y Saints. Counselor Zina D. Young spoke upon this subject, also upon tho persecutions the Saints had endured in Missouri and A other shTwanted to see thesis-- placesf-fiai- d Bebeoca A. porter, Emeline Smith. ... " i -- j 4 -- ' t t. - Cknterville; Davis Co.; ' , EDhjus Exponent: Nov.'17y 187G. .H j Ot the 15th our Bolief Society with, a visit from Slaters E. B. Snow and K. B. Barney; :tbey fed us with the words of life, pointed out many duties that restod on the women of the Latter-da- y Saints to arouse a feeling of higher und ho--Her purpose above the cares of every day life; said that we had gathered out of Babywas-favore- d ! ij : lon and we should leave i Babylon behind and unite in the general good of Zion, and bo helpmeets to man in very .deed; they laid before us' many Items of business laying up grain against a day of need, to assist . in publishing 'tho' Woman's" book, to sus- tain the Woman's Btore,ilk-cultur- e and all homo industries, anything that helps build up tha kingdom ot God, all of which wo in- ; tend to dp to the best of oar ability. Thoy were inspired with tho Holy Spirit - , 1 Counselors. Malad Ciw, Oneida reference;' to the great labors now being performed by the. sisters, and advanced many good ideas in regard to the grain movement. Tho subject of the Woman's Book was. laid before the meeting by Miss Snow, and tho sisters1 aid solicited in behalf of the .publishing of it Tho sisters were also requested to hand in to Miss Snow, or the author, Mr. E. W. Tullidge, any special items in their live?, or spiritual manifestations' which had been given them which they considered strong testimonies upon the principles of f the gospel. Tbese meetings become more and more Interesting andill who can make it convenient' to attend them will be able to form a very good idea of the great work being done by the women of Utah, and will be enabled to; receive "such teaching and encourage ment as will direct their minds in a safe channel, and help them to withstand temp-at Latter-da- y . ters become a mighty phalanx, giving strength and support to the kingdom of God- - Counselor 3,W Smithy and Mrs. B. B. Grant, President of the Thirteenth Ward IUUUII, Society to prosper, "At 2 bTclock p. m., the same day, wo had -another' meeting; Sister Snow organized a Young Ladies1 Society with twenty-fiv- e members, including officers. Wo have secured a few bushels of grain as a nucleus to gather to. Wo have qull ts, carpetrstock-- ' ings socks, and some cash we intend to donate to the temple; we attend to tho wants of the poor though we have but few in our midst, Wo wish to bear our testimony to the sisters and to the world that the Co. Nov. 1st, 187G. Editors' Exponent: Our Society is in a prosperous condition, tho sisiexa wish Uo do right so as to keep the spirit of the Lord with them. Wo feel the need of teachings from the Fountain Head, as there are not many here that have boeniln a society before and we aro but young in experience. We will write again soon. . From your sisters in the Gospel, , Jane Price, Prest. Elizabeth Jenkins, Secy. Co., Nov. 20, 187C. Centeuville, Davis Editor Exponent : Last Wednesday ,the 15 inst., Sisters Eliza B. Snow and E. Barney visi ted our settlement and organized a "Young Ladies' Be. trenchment Association." They met with the ladies of Centervillo at 2 o'clock, p. m., and appointed the following officers for the association: i . Mrs. Kate Dalrymple, President, Mrs. Frankie Bandall, Miss S. L. Smith, . ) n Hester Ford, fUUOUU13 M.E. Smith, J Kate M. Chase, Secretary, Mary Parish, Assistant Secretary, Addie Woollev. Treasurer. r Sister Wadoup was appointed Superin. tendent ; . . Out first meeeting under the new organ. Ization was held at 2 o'clockT on Satarday, the 18th. There were present at the meeting, beside the members, Mrs. M. Itandall, President of the Belief Society, and her -- Excellent and appropriate remarks wero made by the President, Superintendent Counselors and others. A lively interest was manifested by all in the promises to mature intda pleasjt ant and profitable institution. v awhv -- liicmuers answerwi tn mil noil which Is a fair indication of the desire felt by all to assist .in , tho : progress of all such enterpriser as tend to instruct us, and facil-tat- e the advancement of divine intelligence us. : Counselors. so-clety,- and among 'r- - .: ; r- -r ce; . Yours itespectfully, . Kate M. Chase,' Sec'y, 121-187- 6,- Editor Exponent: f In accordance with your expressed wish es, I take the present opportunity of inform, ing you that the Belief Society of this place has responded to tho call in relation to storing grain. for !WoJiavojiboultyushel3on-han- d that purpose, and we intend to continue in well-doin- g We Jiavo a small store, organized last April,with a capital of $200,000, Which is in a flourishing 'condition, notwithstanding hard times, opposition, and other adverse circuinstancos.Wfr paid a dividend of 34 per cent for our first six months, ending Oct. 21st. We have increased our capital considerably by taking new shares, and hopo by wisdom, economy and tho blessing of our Heavenly Father to continue to prosper. Wo also have ample means on hand to assist the needy and destitute whenever we are call-euponjjand all things considered, our society was nover,in a more prosperous con. dition than at present. A good spirit prevails in our meetings, and we feel that we are greatly blessed in our endeavors to do good. Wishing you success In your laudable en. deavors to arouse the sisters to a realizing senseof tho great responsibilities devolv. ing upon them, I remain, Very Bcspectfully, d A. L. Cox, Sec'y. Editor Exponent: The 19th Ward Belief Society held their annual meeting Septr26. Sisters E. R. Snow, M. I. Home, Zina D. Young, B. W. Smith, Presendia Kimball, Mercy Thomp son and Bishop A. H. Baleigh addressed the meeting. Their remarks were replete with words of instruction and encourage ment and the counsel given, would, if foI lowed, aid us in bringing up our children in a righteous manner, and help us to live more faithful to our religion and to each other. We Were cautioned as mothers in Israel never to speak lightly of the holy and eternal principles of Plural Marriage, for by that we are to gain our exaltation in the Celestial Kingdom of our Father and God. Our duty at the polls, the opening of and a store for the sale of were also spoken of as matters claiming our present and earnest attention. The yearly report of the society was read, also the amount of donations and disbursements of the society sinco the organization of the society in 1869, which was as follows: Donations...... $ 2,138 CI home-industrie- s, seri-cultur- e, Disbursements............ 1,747 711 390 90 Balance... 96 55 For loan of Temple clothes. There were otherspresent, that we were sorry time would not permit us to hear from. At the close of the meeting, all present were Invited to partafce of a picnic prepared by the sisters of the Ward, and they accordingly adjourned to the tables spread with the bounties of the earth. With best wishes for tho success of yo valuable paper "ours." as we consider , it, We remain yours, etc. . A. ATPb att, Pres't A. E. Neal, Scc'jv- - Miss Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, has bees givinga series of lectures before the Collet of Liberal Arts of Boston University, Pj! "Bepresentative Modern Fiction." Woman's Journal says George Eliot has bee discussed In four lectures." 