WOMANfS EXPON ENT. 70 YOUNG higher aim than to create and foster admir- SADIES OF SOCIETY. ation?- -- !: its avowed objects, and has nominated candidates, all of whom are Suffragists. Slato governments have jurisdiction over matters with which the National Government has no concern. We maintain that o , When ono contemplates the great iwork which woman has assigned her upon this earth, and the necessity of commencing it early, fostering and inculcating those gen? uine principles of virtue, chastity, and true nobility and generosity that will develop into .the, most Sublime attributes i n the charae ter a wi fo -and mother, how earnest one should, bp to Impress upon the m daughters of Zion the great Importance of improving t im e and opportunities. :; J 'I would not waste my spring of youth, - BY BLANC1 rE BEECJI WOOD. - t'r ; : ; "I your glass, Will modestly discover to yourself, That of yourself, which you know not of . . self-deni- al The. term young lady as expressed in "common parlance," means one that dresses stylishly; if she has an indulgent father, one that can be coaxed arid wheedled out of of-woman'- -ras money for a caress, a few kisses, or winning smiles, or, perchance, if the occasion is urgent, a few sobs and a shower of tearg. Her hair must be frizzed and crimped, and arranged "a la mode,' regardless of facial or cranial suitability. - She is harmonized; -- ! and - toned down to tho level of modern small talk, and has no disagreeable hob bies or opinions to make her offensive - in tho eyes of the opposite sexj she is so in nocent and unsophisticated that whatever she does is beautiful, in their eyes at least, and in whatever she says or does she manifests that she nows tho power of sweet ' looks and simplicity. She never seeks to lighten one's burdens not even those of her own father or mother; she is too delicate for any occupation, save the fancy work she toys with and she has no power to strengthen or make happy the lives of others. Even- her little brothers 5 ua mo uu uunuyauce .aiu uer, sue dislikes children and if she marries, never ""intends to have any. She expects every one to accommodate her,or yield her supre. macy,the best seats, and the first privileges are hers by right,one would suppose from her behavior. Her accomplishments are varied but she excels in none; she sings a little when it pleases her, or plays a little on the piano, or guitar, she knows" a few French phrases and has read scores of novels. She is well versed in small talk arid knows how to flirt ta- perfection. She can dance all night, but cannot possibly assist her mother in sweeping, during or.any household employment because it Is too fatiguing. She ridicules the idea of women taking ' any prominent part in any public enter, prise, or meeting, is disgusted with women who want to vote,she expects she will bo all right, let the condition ot politics or tho national affiiirs be prosperous or otherwise, the world is indebted to her, one Would imagine so sure is she of her rights. Sho feels sadly ashamed of the mother who ventures to suggest, the piopriety of - - - aSi-i-am- - - - . WOMAN'S CONVENTION. A delegate convention of the Woman Suffragists of Mass , was held in Meionaon, Tremont Temple, Boston, Sept. 12, 1876, in response to a call made upon them for that purpose; Their motive was;to consider duties in regard to tho fall elections? and to make nominations for. State officers should it then scenrad visablo. ' s The, Committee, or Credentials reported po-litica- V -- : . Mrs, Mary resenting 103 towns and 'wards. A." Livermoro was elected ' Chairman. The meeting was one of special interest, many subjects were discussed, all afmlng at Wo. 1 man Suffrage. The Convention read the second time the resolutions" that had been adopted in 1812, which wero received with; cheers. "Resolved, That we heartily approve of the recognition 'of. 'the Rights of.Woinan contained in tho Rational Republican platform; that the Republican party of Massa. chusetfs, asVtho representative of Liberty and progress, is in fa vox o extending Suf- wiu icrjiia 10 .uu Ainencan citiriiaguwu zens irrespective of sex, and will hail the day when the educated intellect and Ugh tened . conscience of Woman h nds d i "i ' ; . -- V v-- v-- mm --W She-ex- s- hortcd women not to be scared by the word unwomanly," which scares so many out of their boots. The definition of the word womanly, means "being a fool," to most men." She said if consecration makes men noble, it lifts women to the height of a grand purpose." Mrs. Spaulding, of Cambridge, offered the following resolution, which was passed without discussion : "Resolved, That wo pledge ourselves as csuiiragists to vote ror no person for Sena, tor or Representative to tho Gerieral Court, who Is not fully committed to the Suffrage movement, and that the State Ceutral Committee be instructed to take measures to enable Suffragists to carry this resolution at the polls." t A m rect expressionat the ballot-boMr. Lothrop, for the Committee on Resox. R. S. REPORT. lutions, reported the following: Cedar Valley, Sep. DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLE3. der she really had addressed a public congregation. She knows nothing of the real worth of money only asa power tobo used for her comfort, and to procure her kid gloves, em. broidery, lacesand jewelry. Sho never thinks of denying herself any pleasure that it may administer solace to another. Self, is her prevailing impulse. Her whole every-da- y life is one grand mistake TrOm beginning to end, and will culminate in a ; . grand failure;' ; The fashionable young estimates men by. their faultless attiro, lady, tho whiteness of their hands and teeth, the fashionable cut of their hair, the peculiar curl of their -mustache,and their pollshod manners. This is her I'beauJ ideal" no matter ! If lilsmind is as bare and as unfruitful as tho desert of Sahara, If ho possess these qualifications and added to them has money to board at a ostel or travel about he's a 'good catch'.' ha fiitlnsr examPlo for the dauter of Zionjand are gomoof them ' not tryimr to apo tboso very jiving continually for tto Indulgeneothlng of ?elt, without any- - : "tlHOThljro we - ; X 8. L. City, Sept. 23rd, 1870. mbtier would being not by any means, like her, to know that self-sustaining,an- l would plant rich seeds, Toblojsom In toy womanhood, and bear ffutV When I am old ; ; z- In idle dalliance; ; State officers should be elected upon State issues, independent of National politics. And, whereas, Woman Suffrage is purely a question of State policy, it is tho duty of Woman Suffragists f Massachusetts so to" cast their ballots next November as to represent their principles in the choice of State officers. Believing that "Governments aro just only when they rest oh the consent of the governed," and that the establishment of a trulv rnnrnsnnthtivnw rnvrnmnnt - is vnstlw TMWMJf more important than the success of Rice or Adams, wo commend the nominees of this Woman Suffrage State; Convention to the Suffrages of the people, . irrespective of party, as the candidates who represent Im. partial Suffrage and Equal Rights for all." Mrs. Li vermore's speech was spirited and eloquent, containing many excellent points; she referred to the temperance movement resting with women and' that men felt it to be so: sho believed there were 30.000 votes in the statn that rnnld ho obtained for Woman Suffrage, She spoke of the influence of women in making The Woman Suffragists of Massac husctts in Delegate Convention nssembled, respectfully submit to thepeople of the Commonwealth the reasons which compel them for thefirst time to make, independent nomina. tions; (or; State officers. ;f 7 r For many years they have,, appealed to both the great political parties of the Sate to rectify the injustico which taxes and governs women without their consent, and which subjects them to cruel legal disabilities, as wives, mothers , and widows. w But their appeals have been disregarded. The Republican party of :3Iassachusetts, after repeatedly endorsing: Woman; Suffrage in its platform and repudiating it in the Legis. Iaturo, has Just refused to Invite Republican women to take part in the nomination of their representatives and has framed a platform which it declaresjaas a doublo meaning on the Suffrage issue. .The JDenio- cratic: party oi the. State: has, refused to tako any action on the subject, i The Prohibitory party of the State, on' the contrary, has invited women to take part in Jtg pri- mary meetings, wi th . an ual vojco and vote in .tho nominaUDnrof candidates and y. . -- - ; , . Editor Exponent.- - ; ' 13, 187G. - the: transaction of business.: It has mado the establishment of Woman eqffrago one On the 21st of April, 1875, we had a pleasant visit from Sister E. R. Snow, who or. ganized among us a Retrenchment Association Since that time we have met once a. week, and although we are but few in num. ber, our meetings are generally Interesting. We read selections from the4Exponent and other good works, and Original essays. We have done no work iu our meetings until lately, now we mvet overy two weeks to . do work of different kinds. We desire to improve oursefvesand to do all we can to forward the work in which wo aro engaged. The officers who were selected are as follows: lJ, ., Miss Rebecca Rodeback, President, " Polly D i w, " , Melis?a Weeks, " MaryX Glines, Counselors. Phebe Wilcox, Mrs. Harriet Walton. "Margaret Bennett, Miss Mariett Cook, Secretary, " Serena WhRcj Assistant Secretary, . .Wishing . your paper success, and U blessing of God to attqnd you in your la t bors, anj hoping you will excuse this, ' atfempt, i ropaaia your sister, ' " y' : mv-firs- 