IT ?Vol. .4., II SALT LAKE . ' , CITY,tUTAUAPRIL15,a8 their,' paren ts . would feel : y h en t h ey were For the Exposest. SONNET. birthday ' TnotG nts. ; : toin-Heayen- Year after year rolls down the stream of Time, ' ' r Propelling all unto the final goal, Where eyes immortal tIcw th emblazoned scroll ' And which each prescloat soul; endorses f'mine.' melting moment! wten' the quickened eout ' Freed from mortality; and its control, J an view the risrt and all ita thrilliuff todkdi T And Lifers biography at a fiance can read! ; k Its thrilling Joj a its deathly wocr; its themes jove owl vupvi n riuuut5se ouu iw uccuj, , s, "Its stern realities and then its lnliing dreams- ' God, 'must prepare uf for this glorious light," ? ?!; w For nothing niortal cbiild endure the tightV-4'Oh! 1 -- AH ; jui fe. r ? L. City, March 16,' im. , ) AVlllh HERALD : QF .SPRING." ; - NTow i11 ,. its fresh perfumo v Of fragrant air and gentle showers, r , Scatters away the frost and gleora That lingers from the win tor1 hoars. i And by the brook, or "moss-grovr- a spring,' ; Fond frieHdSj'ortovers, wander near;.-- , . r ' Hello yf and low the5 thrushes sing,'.' ' . 1 1 f " To usher la the newbarn ye'ar ; ' C 3Tust opening, Jifei ' . - c C. TJocoHscious of ,th charms concealedai ' i The radiant bloom of Summer rife, ..: ; f, ! 1 ' When all earth's beaut Is revealed. ; Oh! springtime of the heartts true love, Promise of Joy, and pleasure sweet, Well may the cooingof the dove Such tender wooing softlj jrreet. 'lis fitUog time, the early Spring Life's richest treasure to bestow. While groves and woods Vith music ring,i j And echoes answer soft and low' n. 1 April-wit- h ; " r . what sweet and heavenly thoughts prayer gives td theJmind, i ifc they pray in faith: Girls I would adviso ybti to give heed Hot the word of the Lord whichfis rgiven tnrbuglvt ouf President HBrigham: Young, "who by thg revelation of Godu has: been' appointed toi lead arid instruct ns.irvVe should s: bo? very ! thankful that there is a chaneb forus to be-- : come celestial beings, if we so ishi byibeii ' i ng faithful i diligent i and prayerful. Pray to the Lord 'in faith and He will gi to. heed i and giveicslgrrcat wisdomC arid v enlighten our ininds to a very great extent, wo', can I gain more wisdom: in Hhir wayt thdri"any know Jby experierico. v May the :: other, Lord bless us all and may we young.sisters, (i follow in thee footsteps of the Lord Jfesas': ; ?b For- Via 1) . ; V times, and in all things, command respect; and lovo from: their children- - and live in al- -i such a manner that their children-woul- d ways honor them. urSome children when they arrive at the age of maturity 'get liigh; notions into their heads, and consider themselves fur superior to tt heir parental Who have cared for them iri sickness iuid health, ' and provided for. them, j perhaps depriving the nisei yes for their sakes." All children should, when .they are old enough consider it their duty, to help: sustain support and1' comfort their parents rinMheir declining s year?, and let them know tliat their child-rens hearts are filled with gratit'ud(iTdr"the J kind care ihey haver bestowed upon them - -- - -- In their youths :in:;i "4 i : i'A"Ei vn :.:.uUht j'i i!;. PinffOrjiyohfarch 17,11370. M.J 7' . TiiE'Pawnea siuawsr have.pin backs,: too: i and Jvh'eri: iey- 6, shopping da a' arntday; you can flntl nearvlall jiieir';cIohing on a, - pin, bntk In rt vl?m. -- . -- ypajmayvtry, and'coiiristfor their 5t;;dr4heyiwilli I say Ijdori, cae. Howj many, men and vo-- j wno couia ten us in pf men are there founaauonj ot tnei.f4tfpgpie3mt;Uip-jBaypj,arisen from tho simple i6rdsxI don1) caxo? if and from 'disobeying ill 1;t f;- - r days' ot' their youth? . , '.U... M (1U,J.' HAM! iUi,;';: :j to-u- ay ; 3 elrre 7 I , Iff' WOMAN'S RECORD. Misses, Muller, Max, Muller two daughters, havo passed ccessfiU'eininar;; . ,Tjie , -- : Elizabetit Stuart contrlbutes'; fPhelps-- ? Heri Florida Sketches arospdclall enter. I taining, and give to those who wlsli tbvlA-useful Jiirits? it therp for their health, many J?imi-ri'rrzrand feuggcstlbns; Ajtr old record book of a church in Cbnn. v cctlcut, dated 1702 contains tho following - ; r: honor rt 4 FATiiEnD:, iriiV In tho 20tli capterVaodllh.vcrsb. p i Exp- dus we read thpifbUowing .wprsHpiolrj thy tather and motherthat lhyt days may be long in the land which '.ilio Lord thy" God giyeth thee," This v com mandment the Lord gave to Mose3 and his people and,it is as", it wjts in on us j ust as obligatory Israelis tKe children of the days of Hoy of? ten' I have noticed and heard remarked tha t -- the old countries, people who are raised are well grounded '.in , tHeir parents faith, they are taught in their early yputh tobo obedient to those who may bp, placed over them, this Is indeed an example r that rtvo ought to fqllow.and practice v jr J in";. ! Sometimes I think vot mothers ajp.slotht j ful and careless in performingrrour duties: to,, the lit tlo ones given in our charge, if ;wo do , not .teach them, to bo obedient and t.to . rovcrenco;tho lord's comtmndments, wjilio they aro yoqng, ; how.f chh. ;yo expect that j wh'eji-theare grown t to r PPf, 3'rF, they i Will practice 7that whicl vthey hftvq ;neye been taught ?,0 Does npt the, .Scriptuf e.1 :say i ""Train up a chjld In: the way it should go, i and' when' it Is old itiwiil notjdepart from ItV1 Me ought io teachi our children, the Jen commandments, the LordfsyPrayer and- ! the principles of the GcpQiras V'? under- i .bene stand them; arid everything that-wilfit them, in after Ufa and .not cavo everyrl rf, v fu thing to bo, taught at schools,' If children could but realize .the blessings i which they, would rervp and the ; to-d-ay " -- ; , 1 .We are all children in ono; sense of the word,' and we should nll strive to please our earthly parcnts,and greatest ofi all conduct ourselves in such a'mannbr af will bo pleas' ing inthe sight of our.'ITeavcnly Father. V --- ; reckles3j-exejlbr- regularly to tho Atlantic1 and Independent T ; .... a heriundcf heavj 6 ten I where Nine cises Qttt - ! . ' It geema .tofmc that parents should, at all ! t V " i :h!jM:lXfp:tHxdnatao we seo joi inosowno aro uisouo-- tlonsat'OxfprdJjfny - the Extonkcx. 6f OBEDIENCE TO; PARENTS Y Mll'ftnt.'lt'ls tKe rnverso in all resDectsV thev Dposiead .p'frpleu?e and t iayp; az carry i all the blessings and privileges of :tho faith- ' I ful, is my constant prayer. . :1 i t' Your sister in the Gospel,". y v 1 -- mandmentsr?a , thosewhodoinbtfpra 1 ; .. all be othcirry-Vwto God our prayerful, andnfaithfui subjects Father, and live so that wo may come forth in the morning of the first resurrectiori with to-virgl- a 13,187&- - v oarJbeloved' elddf , Salt Lake City, April . s ; " 4 s they i carrya fc&"lnrio wherever they go, andTdrpX 'almost, alwaysi ' The L6nLsafd;7f xornO Aintp thee happjv '4 and bless thepVandltwill.Jcom those iwhb serwHimJ and keep Hisl com m my young friends to do the same; the time-icoming and it Is near1 at tharid, .when it rweanHofiavckiaTQd enter i n to; t Ke presence ano glory Of tne IioW,we'vill have to do better than wo have been doing; t4That?r 1 ly Iadviso 4 '. obedlerit' to 'their1, WisW, thcr wpuld TbOi nprio ,but7wpdl'd trj and pultivato tbp4splrit;: o obedience bearitifiil )icturo, than; apedienphjld ; f ' My essay, will be addrossef to the girls, as I am a girl myself Ijhaye maddlL.a yw tice for yearsvto pray; . f ,.7 -- ; -- r . "For making a; noisb in churchV rArirtlBplthree days .In ,th0 pdor j tori; spinster Is to pe&'arid pay!a?flhe of 5avo Madame Sand, although.' o : evenings of life, Is still, industrious in her litcta'ryMa-bor- s, in fact it is said slip accomplishes, as t much jn that llne now, as,when shalwaslln her prime, and has not lost any Of hdr powers to fascinate. the general public. ,K fisK LucV loreom1 It :is said, began to write verses when only soven years old: tho editor who published them, ivroto they were st shMihgi,;: in-th- ; -- written under tho Irispiratlpniof tho "muses," hut tho compositor mvlo the amusing-nderofinarscs,- vAi: jri;,rd-M- k'I at Washiiigtbrr,: i soirio has Sir daughtersi i! whoarp spoken ef as models of ouncsJa dies," being ;lho personifications' of blboni'! and health; they drcis' very5 plainly, wear thick-sole- d shoes, J 'plain drosses no" backs andi when they gb :but; wear hcavv, him-- i cloaksJ vl tunhjuq Mug: iiucy 11 Hurpccl; M( nlnoty-four- ,, years 'btngofeth'i1;' Burbccl off tho,Rpvolation.cSh,prQceives afJ .Co'dn Wtl quarterly peHsjotfrpm H'stirtable to.'sign'h'erwrfypacheh. ;THEt English Minister , Edward-Thornton- ; - old-iiishibn- ed l hInoi ,;.' iHow.3to 'men do it by Etayin going awny. ' iibm.o!- - hipy'J at liotao; .5 ' Soriio andcnri . 