. " f ,f'F t 7 -- r' 104 loqkspu t of place certainly,, to see a lady niak- - , 'ingpiesjn an old black silk dress, trinjajwi JjJ with crapeand every, crease full of, flour All t old silk is useful for rlining3r but, once used to make pie3 or cakes in, it will be so ' defaced as to lose half its, value. 1i i;: ?? This subject is one of jsuch grave importance, that it will bearfollowing up for a short :per-,- f ' i THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . , Or ICLI3E IJ. WELLS-,- , - i- , ; Tu'iUslieaoiinbnthly.MnSalt Lake City,' Utah. iod.: 1 ; -- t : . tl It is an easy 'way of extricating; one's self from a difficulty to throw the .hlame :on to some irrespon si b)e party j and woman seems to y - Publishers Woman's Expokest,- Salt Lake City, Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, APBfL 1, The new Chief Justice:Utah7 irfdithin' 187C f''.Ml 'it T The new and capaciou? building erected on Main Street for the benefit of Z; C. M. I; is al- ready very near compietlon by) the'instltut jon. This very soon noble structure is a grand : acquisition to the city, and the ready manner in which the work . upon it has been performed, is an indication of y have rbeenietislcBgoAt and make shift in all the great questions that threaten danger , 5 : foregone conclusion and of course it is a mat- to fancy that the wo-ter of mah has doneit, ignorantly and unthinkinglj: How could she know t better, she , is all weak ness and all dependence,' and could not" be expected to understand the dreadful consequences" which might be the result of only her f vanity or caprice? ;: Man likes .woman io! be ,', allsim , self-gratulatl-ou ! i i vi For Woman's ExroNEST. r ' . s ' ' ' '.' To whom' U may, concern. ' It will be recollecied that' an article written by, me .entitled 'rfilortal arid Immortal Ele-- 1 ments ofth'eJJprban A Philosophical UoIy-- f bublisheii in ihS.VOMAN'S. - pllcityf weaknesandde .ilxNKNT idiSep.' likeu the ,e Would it not be does r - y PresJ Yogngaridwithdrajv everything eontaijaed in;myarticlp af vAriaBce therewith, andUrust .tbat tioatterlay Sint. may o ieu jiaierroiieoii?jy.uy.gtfja uirouguj anything written by me m ifii!l ,..v. il mindeUhonbrableWoman.A -- WI.m.. ; , r These things, very ono VqUqvqs, shotitdTbe tatight at home. But howmany mothers there are who have never had opportunities for learning Jhe best Methods for.iCOnducting ' their wpy;rv. r' t;J ' ? 'Happy matches sometimes result from Ubo admiration gentlemen feel' for young ladies whom they happen to observe are capable of ! presiding wejl at 'fyile, oi cAoki?ig '.a gootdin-ne- r. Thcrt la lagrCatdeal more in1 these simple motlrers are things than some girIs,y.or-som- o awire For instancliViPOuriDg.teAqr coflee, (we do not advocate Ueuse;jf ejther, lut if j they must form a part of any meal it is well to know hdwtb 'manage ithern) iH if ofte!rthe case that persons, not kno wl'ug r tlia't ; tt'e first' '. iir ia HlA WAlWpst find iilflf 'ITVa 'ffi . khr : 4 psb . : f Eliza Lorenib Show Paul ' R.;Snbwi. ; Tt'hese letters were mostly written t wlii! traveling in' Eurbpej'Asiavarid Africa 'in i Will it heveV be possible to make the major ity of men comprehend that woman's equality them on all subjects for: the general wel farej WOuld save them from many of. the en- tanglements in which they become Involved through her ignorance and extravagance. It ii only the positive 'result of theij; own preciou v the years 1872 and 1873; and contain interesting teras in regard' to the various places they viited In these countries,- - wi'tri' accurate and ; eliatjle information concerning manners, cirs tbms jind habits of thdiflerent vatieUes ;of continent. people who live Upon the Eastern .H. ! ! Woman when on an equal footing will lose her wirisomeness,1 her attractiyenesil, her mag- -' netic charm, this is their fallacious reasoning--- 1 but if worn aii charms to destroy,if she through ' theVo very attractions brings her husband to ruin, wn'at then? And where lies the fault? If too tu)tjunai logive ncr, euucaiipu uas her an nnderstabding ?f what wa s best for lie own and her husband's interests; and most of all what should be for "the best welfare of her children then is n'ot time I6rKo'me change is it not time that woman was taught the principles of thef 'government oi her,country, ajid what Is" due the country from those who sit in hlgn places and fill offices of trust?.1 Is it not absurd in this age of enlightenment for woman? to plead ignorance as an excuse for folly-be- -s cause if such is really the case,' what a terrible; account of tinie, opportunities and talents f i ,7 wasted must be rendered to her Maker. - 1 A nujibek of, valuable communications haTe been left over until next Issue for want; . of space.- : . . ' :, . : Annual Conference of the Church of Jesus , Christ of Lat te Saints. Forty-sixt- h r-d- ay ;i;t ; ,'. y .? is LETTER FROM HRS. 3L; !. HORNE. Bear Lake, March 2nd, 1876 i Editob Exponent:' - PARis; ; ? X Aa you requested a com mu nication from nie ! "duringimy ffisit to thisfNorthern cquntrjzlr have tried to get time;;to write buj; have jipij I left Salt Ikeori. succeeded; untiL the 19th of Jan. by; the seven, o'clock train., When we arrived f in Ogden, I ,wath, rough, the kindness of Bro : Zi Jacobs conducted to. the U. P.' train. During my ride to Evanston, I conversed with some of lha ipansengers. Thinking a part of our conveKation might be interesting to some of your readers, I will give L you a few items. Among the passengers was a Southern lady whosehmband was an iuva-lithey were traveling from Cali for ia to Louisana to spend the winter, u When, she she; asked me a found I was from our number of questions about our people, and " told he r they we re facil i ti eq fored u cat I on very good, and puruchildren would compare favorably with the children; of other commu-- f nitiesuWe talked at some JCngth oh our ren Lrgibus beliefs, especially polygamy. I told her it was a principle of our faith given to ns by - divine Tevelation frtm God, and we accepts! t - i to-da- j y. -- , ? ; d; e .1 , Next Tuisday the Oth inst, will commence the tt-.- Salt-Lak- HOME AFFAIR ' '. 8 - n 1 it 8 bly We take pleasure! in recommending to the reading public a new book just recently published by tbeDesefet News Co'entitled"Cor-r- r sjpbtidence ' t Palestine4 iTourists V 1 1 1 com- Iprtses series of letler by Ge X ut-e-u '(rmroo 12 bxpendedtr by " stronger as the pouring off proceed, '""bestows the poorest cup, upn tjio.onoTor wJip-m thebest should havobeenriintended. knd give the "last 1 and strongest cup to a young member of the family. , Where several cups of, equal strength are wanted, pour&i little into eaclithen back inverting the order, as the cups are itlTed up, andjh strengthlwill, be apportioned pVorn well understood by sotop that erly. an exifMiced hand jwaits till all the cups' of 1 a company are returned to her beforo filling any a econd time, so that all may share equally?" "Of course the tastes of all should bo : 5 on suited. (. Fvcry sort of cooking ifbuld be ' dotfe in a drt s? that will wahi.wnia clean dprbn over ' it; andrit is well if the hair bo covered. It , un-profita- 5 i e cn-ter- eil ' I s''Mrt l)!m . concluded-r- or co-operat- ion rii. i . " Jrv' :lUtah: Pomoldgist," that the ladles of & t. co-op- rTroghtfaei:oaceviththetubbomf ruined her. Some of the best schools that could ho insti-- ; ttited formauy youngs women in this city and . various other places, would be thoso ifi which cooKing ana nousowiiery migu pa inrougmy papKB'rV ''k' V of their each, (orm a .real .,' employ to number ascierk and ea seek more manly fitting employment'' If of this kind could be properly into and carried out by different branches of the Relief Society a great, deal of time and money would be saved that are now i T jromi Jthe " ought to conclude to get their goods cheaper than they, can be obtained in that locality at presentIrv Johnson advises the ladies to "put in a small sum cept upon the elegance and exquisiteness of her costumes) are rightly served when they- - thaOheycare learn George have 8 in house' jOiin tnist-hlndlyn- - . ' i - .'AT , J. E. Johnson's inyolvej?? , that voriian should tmplicidy io them fofguid anc6 haying rm positive deas of her Owif fex-- 1 .DOMESTIC ECONOMY. , it ; Meri who 'are anxious lfeo.- uf "JFLIZA It Snow.- - karchlO, consequences: -- We " T Avl Views expressed Sal t;Lak"o City lion. mqre desirable,p havei wife who could thoroughly understander husLand's position inregard to finance,and not qnly reaU-- c zed but appreciated the true dignity of character., which lie should 'maintain despjie stylo, society and the admiration of mentwhosegood opin idh is not' wortti a moment's thbughof a pure f ntruey.j meto say that; J fullycpncurinjtjie. Permit what might be aQcomjplishe . temNri 1S75 ao that written and signed presYou tlie ;vVqmanponen ln was pronounced lo have is; another change 'of; this; year. The gen t leman is a stranger here but is said to be thoroughly versed io Jaws .relative t minting and land questions. His name is John. M. Coglait, a kentnekian by blrlji.but has resided in California ever since the year 1850. IONOBANCE AND EXTRAVAG.iNCE. 4-7o- j i r - :? E.;iulH j ).-.',.- . iu iirday.evening March SSpmd drew a large at- tendance. r has recently arrived Yronl lew York. j , ; . a.nuto.5 p.TCy.day escepi Sunday, Address all baslness .communications to e , Ten ccmicV for the price of nine- f ru.--- Each square te&f inca of nonpareil ; epace; one t V time. $3.00: i per. monthLi .53.00;, iA- liberal discount to tf regular ftdyertiserBibnr:' Exponent Offlce, comer f South Temple, rand First j f Basjt stteetsyoppdte Eagle Gate! Business hours from 10 0 1 Ben rsRAEL, or From Under the Curse,' was rformed-WtHhiheatreiii this eity Sat- - j ,.'V " 