I' W 0 M A N ' S E Xl'.O , .'; rSnECiMEs or fine Honitoo and Cluoy ami uaroyr are; now hi my piasession. coNarB, bailttP, witl Thei laces . . W are; bom; productions j iuadt f bjr, Mw TJromptou, Mrs. IW and P. Durant and Mrs. J. Adams, of Morgan Co, This business is likely to- prove .one :of the most lucrative of our U HOME J10)USTBIEv-fr;A- , ; were too 0 : say I am agent for the book eri- -' titled ''Correspondence of Palestine TourUt;" of wnlcn btok notice Vwas made?in Roman's , Exponent MawhlJ or? private "families ' ,r throughout the Territory. from Relief Societies, Xirddrcsi; . -- Mrsii KPavIs, 14 th Ward Bait Lake City. Editor Exponent: It is some time vonr minv readers and tell them 'of a Call I made at Mrs. Ruraelhy one block east or tne , theatre; I had heard considerable faid of the "Straw Hat Establishment," that started one year ago and I was happily surprised to see the marked improvement and the; variety of ' hats'j'sbtiitily trlmmeti and all made frem '( braid manufactured by the Jadies of Utah. ' Ih'the working apartment the braid by the i:?bunireds,of shove1 p( all kindf "and variety, was being passed from hand to hand, through finished by the'dl her plen- triramer, for the V ; der fingers se'eme4 to travel over the work with J : much dispatch and taste.' . r hats de-of saw a sales room, I variety In the a -- ! 1 a A v elegant bonnets; ladles 1 & irhi v-v;.- " 1 THE TO it tby. J" j 'm PEAK pISTEKS. ASSOCIATION TIIE I3TH WARDi; . . 4 Uv It hffis been my . - i : , -- , love-Hhes- 1 ' Ii Cify,'A,pririoth;i8TG?;'? f blooming garllen of ;irultful' field, howho a1 ree, shrub, 6r vino, has " performed plants a lasting benefit upon mankind. These may giaaaen ine eyo anu neart or may givo food to the hungry, and snaao to. ine weary, anu sucii acts are mon- uments rto their industry. Ho who the means to feed, , clothe, or give 11 comfort,1 has done a good work, and thus far ' has carricd"out pnpof tho bbjecis' "of his be-!- " jng.J Thb'man who creates one dollar from ; tho crude and otherwise useless material of nature Is moro. .to ba honored thari he who cbhqaeH a kingdom; arid one ivho produces ' from tho soil wherewith to feed tho hungry 'anCclotho tho naked Is greater In the scale : of usefulness, than ho who by tho profits of ' tradb and extortion becomes a miHipaire. Young men and old, bo wlso and" seek out wlsdoni and beebmo proficient in all uscful- ? ncsslbdt rather seek to create, than craftily axproflt and living' from ; what others make from natures' element. Utah Peno logist-: mou-f;sand- s, ?pro-duce- s1 . : : ; A ;r ;: f r. .W0MAN!SREC0RD. ;i Annie Whitney has sent to the Cent6n- -' s hlal the statuettes of .Roma and Charles SumneW 'J amwi !;n.'-;nemranc- i- : ' t- ' ; j widow of jEmlerlck: VlI:,affJDon-- r has bequeathed mark, (the Countess Iianncr) all her vast estate ivalucd ; at $4,000,000 todesupport institutions for orphaDed and sertod. girls of Denmark;: at,' Jagerepris, to in North Zealand, It is, the Intention :erect tho central: building of tbo institution to first; and to make it '.sufficiently, largo ' of provide suitably: for tho, maintenance , v r icrht hnndrfcd children..:! . ti -- ;': The , i ( er than yeara of .o?mmonlntimacX donel A thought cornea la my iatn6;'.f nam- - - it I torilniWi deer togeth-Wbtheseemed ?i' Would have 1 1 am I? you drops, and will say, a bit of Green Fern to irelleve the s. brilliancy, and harmonize the coloring of Our dear President is the Golden Thread : that binds us together inloW, harniony, and unity; and the hand which has plucked us, and which we hope; Will hold us through' all . time ' and eternity is theOmnipbtetit band ef Provi- rgetrme-nots-iWh- at tO; be" called i ! I I from your If l J. Vmldst, but I go cheerfully, knowing that fcan but do myuty, I ,wIII Have peace anu upWUiV . j no matter Where l piness, fi not go without showing you, my friends and I shall carry a associates irilfthe Society, thkt ' of ;ftiiany happy hours have passed bgetlierVthrough allMirne. I love :ytm dearTiflends, as though you were in :reality the name I so" Iovon to call yousistere. The "in !w'ayln which we .havf) been' associated withv lot " I i , tf-ntr- : s. ' V" ; fk -! , J - YOUNG- - LADIES . -- ADDRESS, - i. --- y. ! FARELL - o w J -laUtVit ;.UU II u vt - the fragrant Lilac jpmeline is th(J Oieapder. I Hho of won she many distin-- ; patronage Now. for; variety, : something ' unassuming yet and ladles of ranks in' Eng-- v people guished most delicate per- v j lovely and modest, with the land i and thrduirhout tEuropo ; and, : sang f this sweet i sreprefume, the English Violet, beforo many of the crowned heads, receivsents i Mayj it lAfter af graceful; f drooping, ing almost unlimited adulation and numer-j- ! white Foschia this wevwill call our dear i ec- -i ous elegant and Mostly presents. Her name ; that flo wen that I sends is What up n was iEUiahcth iTaylor Greenfield and at t'retaryi: Atsuch a fragrant' perfume,- and' is so modest La. JnniU' ndn nmcf olrt : io'r '1 search to fj years old. i ;: and retiring that you will have find Its I delicate blossoms? It is Fioraj the ,; MLLE. Bettlna Do Rothschild, daughter ' find the - Close ' we by "Queenly Mighonette. v of Baron Alfonso, head of tho Paris House, our bit this for is Now Lute. a of ; Hyacinth marries one of her Vienna cousins." Tho rare Scotch.' Heather iBeIl our 'Scotch iasde receptlbn; in honor of tho cbniractbelng Shralilf We' have not iiamed; bur paisy;ytt; I amount wasthen giveniiway Inr clmrity, a- &"this must be Ellribr, I caa scarcely decide j well "as In munlficlent i)resents f The .Ida,' sHall we caji what to name bur dark-eye- d i voufa Wa? VTi Tionhle Pink?, finifv ' fragrant.' and tb nbbr sririrls fivo ivnitKv'flanA MVfl suitable dowries; This distifljruished youncr eiie. lovely. . Her sisters are 'Honeysuckles. lady, at sixteen passed an cxaMnation for Bessie, and Josephine are bur Blue, Bells. Our : a teacher at tho Hotel do Ville.fahd several with its lovely Qeorgie shall bbthePbud-Lil- y "other young ladles' of the mdsfiwealthy , wavy, velvety leaves. Nettio7yisthe Pinsy, families followed her example; 1 which was Vt the Maimer Jsr; Pa'nsy'ti purpleeyed. royal, certainly a commendable one, as changes Orange Bloosom, sweet and retiring. Fannie, in life and governments sometimes reduce dear sweet Fannie, "is the Lilyrof-the-vallefl even the wealthiest persons (' to comparative CI a wson, A EivIra,the Biorning Glory.; (Qeorgie ;" if not abject poverty. we jtMiPahUajr JutW I tmust have some nVerbena, j Lemon blossoms, These we jwill call Annie, r and Sweet-peaDO SOMETHING FOR YOURSELF I Maggie, Annie Smithf and; orirl othet Barali. ANP YOUR COUNTRY. i f i There are a few more of the girls whose names : are faces perfectly ;i I do not know, but whose : J a; was rile who chants Buuw-i i familiar; these we will call Heliotrope, V 5 ? ,t: " ! . " I 11 -- lrdniandrius ia . de-yelo- pa 'r Phil-adelph- z . in-cpurs- , i of taste and refinement V-- s, " n fl 4 their own wear. imported, v -- The, trimmings were 'principally 1 . i but of time, as our silk raising wd.Tvili be able to have our own ribbons ;V :' 'f Ni?,etc;o::K;-Ji: h t i I could not help asking myself the question ? Saints that: are so V i are there! anr Latter-da- y n whimsical and so lost to reison and sound sense, t'fi thatinewouIdrather be een wearing Im- ported millinery 'and thei'eby.su - ' peeple, and leave , our home masufautukm ' and deprive our own people of unsuppo, ovi labor and;iselfsustenancei5 than' ib; wear artl- Jl; ;t cles'maniifActured in out own Tcrriiory r to r1; My dear readej,Vhbi'bf you; are willing f help In susning this great inQvement Home. Industries. a v whii camelia, Emily, 1 .were there purchasing hats and , bonnets for - several bird-fanwith tho wings rl spread and tho full slro of4 tho breast; and , head of tho dove in tho center of. each fan. mRlacic Swan," tho celebrated and ac I complishe: vocalist, died suddenly in qri Friday morning Apr. H. During tho last fow years shotohad notatappeared concerts before the public, except singr for tho benefit of charitable! Institutions. V Sho was born a slave and was refused a su-- i perlor musical eduttioJiioiraf'count of her Isb- - : ! - -- , . s sales-rooih;a- iad " - - - '' 'the V - - ; ' . ;- J beautiful. Annie the since ( has sent to the Centennial Exhibition, two 1 cases of choice iarticiesOn case contains birds of different varieties, twenty-flv-e from the .hummingbird to the owl, all shot and niounted, , aUer being :pre-bherself, iisired for that- onrbose. , unon an Imitation :4 branch of v laurel. Tho second case con- UttU3 a lUUUj iAMj nuu uakj uitmu; y vw. : feathers selected and arranged, and put on ; ii tliomost delicato and Wasteful manner. d . ytu have beard frem I'll Try, so I thought I would drop a line to " delate . 182 .1 'each of you a flower; and you must remember that' whenever I thinkof you, I shall associate youlwlth the pet name I havo'caled you here. ;I hope that each llbwerot iu this bouquet will tip wutvujr w trauapiauLeu iu. iiio gurueu ox ' r , Heaven. r ;; g :;; j j First, we muat have the rose.. Queen 6 wers and most fceauUfui of aVl,? our own dear ZIna, is our Rose. Next we, must have, some-- i thing white, and so we will call our jpluereyed "Ida,f thcr Appleblbssoia,Tdelicat9 and sweeir : Then Miss Mclean, the Juiiy, pure and stately. Then something bright next, our. dark-haire- d f Louie, the scarlet, geranium; brilliant and I Would ili ; EN T So I havelQlIow-efprorsr in the footsteps of the aheiit&l and limed - " N ing you, sweet sisters, just as your spirits and souls have appeared to me,;FiiOWEBs. In olden times It was; customary to use flowers for letters, to convey thought and feelings that lace whit jace jJil,:lcefortiiiii-mlng9 xoMsting pt black si jk lat , T ' . . j f 9 , , ( Mrs. Sarah E.Bobheybf Stcrling,Mass., i''' . . ! :f-tak- o " " 'I" A henpecked husband said in extenua tion of his wife's raids upon his scalp, " Ycu see, sho takes her own hair off bi easily, how It hurts to have tho doesn't knowv , mino pulled. out." . , 