33' . CORRESPONDENCE. : Sydney, New South Wales, Austbalia, Hay 27th, 1876. Mrs. E3Xmeline Wells:1'", 5 ' -- dear Friend and. Sister. My Your welcome and very interesting let. terof JFebr handonthe 6 th insi but not in time tor me to "reply return malthas' the mail steameV for San Fran-clsiio left Sydney the same day. Intend er you many thanks for your kind? token of remembrance to me in this dis--' taht land where amid strangers "ray pilgrim feet now roam," and where I am diN ently laboring to dispel the sable clouds if of ignorance, bigotry, superstition and error from the minds (of a people who seem to be fettered in the falling 'chains of PriesV craft and who, judging lrominy standi point, are living without light, liberty xtf God. From what I had read, and previously heard of Australia, I had formed a very favorable opinion of the people, 'the climate, the productions and the general character and resources of these colonies; and when the 8. S. Colima entered the Sydney harbor, which, I believe is acknowledged to be the finest (except onein' the world-- I felt that nothing which Ihad ever reactor. ha44een-ex- a 'ee- - L erated or in thetTeast overdrawn. ; It Was on the Veiling of Dec. 25th, the sea during the day had been unusually rough, and the steamer had been rolling and plunging amoug the huge billows at a fear, ful rate, so much so, indeed, as to awaken within mo such kind and benevolent feelings towards all animated things In general, and towards tho inhabitants', of the ocean in particular, that I gave them every morsel of my Chrisas dinner, and tried to get up myJ boots Jo throw oyer, board. Under these - circumstances wo - 19 th came-- to -- -- " 4 ; ) heard-oAW3trali- ar : hd , passed the,MLight-h'6use- situated V, S-E- N XTO ENT. irlg at 'the! silver:infngrU)f the clouds" than in1 cbntemplatlrig the dark shadows beyond that lovely lining; hence, ,4my favorable imBiit a fetf pressions relative to Australia weeks residence in Sydney, changed very materially my ideas of these colonies. The country suffered' during seven or t year, from a most eight months of blightjng and; destructive; drouth, the-pas- havings consequently, sp far. as the vegetable! , pro-- 1 ductions of the country, ate concerned Isaw everything at a great disadvantage, and for, this I am inclined to make due arid full al lowance; but I have looked, and still look, but in vain, for the bright side of the lovely Sydney picture I fancied, before if there bo trending on Australian-soil;;fbut little good, I would like to find that little, and in the language of the Poet "Speak of all, tho best I can," and in jus-tic- o to the colony of New South Wales, I wJU say that I have seen many things here to admire. The safe and beautiful Harbor, the Post Office and many other fine buildings, the PublicPiirks, the Botanical Gardens, the free Public Library and Beading Kooms, and the excellent condition of the public roads', are all worthy of commendation. Many tropical fruits and flowers attain here (in ordinary reasons) great perfection, and I have found some kind, intelligent and hospitable peopleHm1 and around Sydney. The women here as a general rule, are superior to (he' men both in looks and intellectual development and culture. There are many handsome arid intelligent women in Sydney,' Tiut I cannot fully agree "with what is frequently said of them, that for superior beauty and accomplishments, they or arc preeminent" J 1 naa (aver before. contempla- ted; andmy soulrwas filled with Tlover'and admiration for Sydney, and for several hours must have felt, when visiting anda beholding the greatness and: glory of Solomon. I really !felt that the half had not been: told of this beautiful and Wonderful country.?; But every . picture hallittf ts i Ugh t and t shade, sunshine and shadow" are the characteristics of this life, and I have always eadeav-o- r to look at the bright side of every plc-tu: re for I oxperieuco moro pleasuro in look. ence of God our heavenly and eternal r : ,;tHer. God bless you my '' - - Fa- - - dear Sister, and aid you in your laudable efforts to disseminate through the medium, of tho Exponent .those principles and doctrines, which when understood and observed, will- - redeem men and women from tho thraldom of sin and cpiTSFionrwill banish evil, n the bane Of society, Jromlhe4iuman-hea4wili-enablGod:Children. dwelling on the earth to attain to the highest type .of manhood and womanhood, and will usher in that happy day; when one law will bind all nations, kindred, tongues and people, and - that law will be the lav of universal Brotherhood, then will the earth be prepa red for Jesus our elder brother and Savior, whose right it is, to come and reign King of Nations as He now reigns King of Saints. I am as ever, your friend and brother, in the Gospel of Peace, r Isaac Groo. P. S. Kemember me kindly and in love to your family and inquiring friends, and accept my sincere thanks for the -- e : " Now a few words in relation to the dark shadows which ! am compelled to see. hot- withstanding my natural inclination to look on the other side. The fsoocial status" of the citizens of this city, I cannot but regard as mo3t deplorable; drunkenness prevails' to anal degreeand what makes this debasing t practice doubly dangerous and demoralizing, is the fact, that women as well as men, are addicted to it. I Jmve seen more drunken women in one day in Sydney than I ever saw in Salt'Lake City, , on-th- perpendicular rocks at tho entrance of Tor t' J ackson, about eight miles from Sydney,, After passing "Heads," as jhese rocks are denominated, and on entering the bay tho sea suddenly became calni) the vessel ceased to roll, and everything around seemed transformed as if by , magic, to' the inOst peaceful tranquility, and heavenly serenity; the gentle Zephyrs like angels of peace, laden with sweetest fragrance, from Oleander and Orange groves, came out to meet us, as if to congratulate us" upon our safe arrival, and bid us welcome to the spicy shores of Australia. And as tho beau tlful "Colfma," like a - groat white swan, glided majestically up this lovely 'bay, and tho bright lights gleamed from the villages, which layuestled among the hills on either side, arid coupled with this enchanting scenery', the cheering thought, that my wearisome, unpleasant, and monotonous journey from San Francisco, over the great Pacific Ocean, was at an end, and that within afewJiours, I should onco"moreatmy jecon i rerra irma,"presented to my.mlnd ;themost bewltchingly beautiful, andJovely picture tnai l WOMAN' during my residence' there of twenty-on- e years. Nearly every corner house in this city, is a liquor saloon, where spirituous and fermented liquors are retailed; and the venders of this destructive beverage, in nearly alljcaaes are women, and the wages of a are generally graded or regulated by Jier. persQnal.beauty ' or attractions: .tho finest looking girls, demand and receive, the highest wages. 'Domestic infelicity here is the rule,. .and peaceful j happy homes the exception. Wife beating, is a common practice mong the "lords of creation in this land; many men (in form,) in. dulge in this elevating practice with as lit-tl- e compunctions pf conscience as an intelligent father would apparently, gently chide f ; Bar-maid- ." rcirtiditlrrWl)f aoiUioFlriTr counsel. Such is the state of Sydney morals, and society, and yet, they will prate about Utah and the Mormons, and Priests' and people will roll their eyes.and lift their hands in holy horror, while contemplating the awful oppression and galling slavery of tho women of Salt Lake City; whose condition in reality, and temporal blessings 'compared .with the women ofSydney, are as light to darkness, or as heaven ta hell, to say nothing of the hopes of a glorious resurrection, eternal unions beyond the grave," ana everlasting glory and exaltation in the pres-- I. G. A MOTHER'S LESSON TO YOUNG LADIES UPON DRESS. The rich dress and costly ornaments that become maturer life, and ceremonious parties in large cities, are unsuited to the very young, who need no such "foreign aid." Some persons toil early and late and strain it every nerve, to procure an expensive and think, that once arrayed in it, gar-mer- they will look as ...well as some richer neighbor, whose style of dress they wish to imitate; but they forget, that if it does not accord with their general style of living, if it is out of harmony with other things, it will so strike everybody, and this want of fitness will prevent it looking well on them. Let a true sense of propriety of the fitness of things regulate all your habits of living - arid dressing; and it will produce such a beautiful harmony and consistency of char, acter, as will throw a charm around you that all will feel, though few may comprehend. Always consider well whether the articles of dress which you wish to purchase are Suited to your age, your condi-- " t ion,' your means; the climate, to tho particular use to which you mean to put them; and thenlet the principles of good taste keep you from the extremes of the fashion, and regulate the form, so as to combine utility ana beauty, while the known rules of harmony in colors save you from shocking the eye of thetirtist with incongruous mix- tures.j The agreeable effect that all wish to pro-- d ucelSblthe ; Jxes; joLot h ers, deend3 muchi more on just proportions in the parts thus forming a pleasing whole, than on little ori naniental additions, which, though pretty injthrasxdyJU effect i Thus in making a pelisse, it is that the cape should bo of the all-import- ant right size and shape,ito agree well with the sleeves and back, and that, the collar should-bthe cape; but it welLproportipned trs.very-,Uttle--.whether'i- ' e iayano."'qr;twol t rouicaiiSf o f : sati n or Tvel ve Car ouncl' T or whether none; and so it is with a it-hav- e thousand other little particulars, which take much time in the making and add much to the expensej without really add I ng anything to the general good appearance. It is a happy thing for thb diffusion of gcod jasfe, that it rnayi in many things, be cultivated without any pecurijary eixiehse.''Kie " ; 1 