flSO FOUND. f ily continied ever afterward. riWhenevef il often think that the prophecies ;of Isa . oun persons useawrong iah concerning the , daughters of Zion are immediately select tho right expression and ibeingfulfilled as fast as possible. How few we see with a good head of hair. The styles repeat it to, themseivesii a numter .of times, . in ;v?hichiit as been worn the Iast fewl and ih this way it. jvii sponfcomq easy S: and natural, without suchr repetition in, years,:blo wn and tangled together would ' use they, wiircertalnly faiir Many things in hair.' fJodi destroy the most beautiful, r it to be an ornament, and we should y. r; life depend on a good use of Engllshf . and hot adorn ourselves with sea grass and oth- ;,bh the other hand, Tibthlng will retard jjuc cessful progress n ; lifei,sooqher than ;bad erioreign lonies. iiyf auvjice 10 young laKnrr ch tvn nmniinn mr ftn. Ann e nnff wnrna. dies ;ia to do up heir hair in a heat tidy mahner, withTasfew!Tiiir bins and combs 1lo"K Ion rrM o (ro nroll fr wrlf o nonf. lAiihlft as possible, don't let it bo blown about and hand and to. he master of the first; (our rules broken up by the wind. My hair is thick, of arithmeticV-- rl cairthls good (education. and has hot been cut ;sinc01. was a little And if you addthe abUltto'write, purb girl, and I never let it hang loose upon "any nxm mal irai ncl Ji I tq frard ' 1 1 as an ex occasion. : icellenteducation.if r , f 1 Peach and ..other'? trees are now, In full a v hlooni these Uh the g goo4Tractlceibe,iTOjteniust boitaen In oiir litUe town loolc -' es ihtewpersedrmake -' nothing must3edQnet3 -- time. "yery pleasant like a I weU Stocked, flower' One of the first steps then, Is to use simple garden. . Last seaspnT we lost all ?oar to with the' exception of! grape, byJrost; we languago tdei emr Thpr nr ftvrnl vorr! off An imnrorv. are In'hopei.ihat ItwttlbojpreseW " l & iiftAHifnr'mftnVirtfffArnnTt htt and ; seasonV as4 fruit, l3$our niairf hafvesV in this Jway Ithey looso their fdfceilTake) for Wishing the' welfare of Zidnl subscribe ierampIeVthoword flxtho ostiict meaning iiiyseii your sisier in uie yOenanit;i iruace, lit is .:iof Which Is.tdrnakcx : , i- a. - Found Ja the rirer at break of dayi A- liielesabodT, floating away, C," . . . i', , 7 . , it .' i: Out 'from the current apace tiat rolledilv out from the waters sq dark and cold, ; w: , , Out frm the refuge for shame and ti?t;; ! , y f,Drlppln'f and lifeless, they brought her in. Vr - i i : Down to too Morjruei without a groan t r t Or shudder, they brought the fair uuknown: - There lnJLhe chamber X)l death to wait For friends to claim if they learned her fate. But ohl for the friends so far away, . .ShVleft one dreary and oTsmal hai1 de-sign- , j B " t; . ,. . , J . . .1 ; 1 , t Left with a heart of.hope7-- a sigh-Left to come to the city and die! Left yet a mother whos hairs were gray, W plead her stay. Clung round her at parting ' How oft In that dreaf"2ark life 'must eh Hare looked to the home of her infancy: ' r How oft, when tho far-ostars looked down f heV,; Upon wandering about the tewn, Must her alpine cottage have sprung to view, toughHdged rocks of blue;; Away lmid s teirgakei, at last sfocamc'V Down to the river tQ Wdt hsr ahame!. X j 4 ' v; 3 S : Only a moment upon the banki' ir She coiled her.hair with the night dew dank; " .' 1 -- . ff de-tal- it - ( io-- J ' Ouly a momenf she heard the roar all was ciir. : ; .And tumult around her-rth- en Tound In the ?iver at break of day, , A lifeless body lloatlng away. ; ;: ' While in her pocket a note all torn ? : Wai found, to send to her friends forlorn. " Golden Dawn. ; - Draper, saitIkeJp , the encouragement ofsoine,:I.haye written h thesoewt;lines.J, "Ve hold our Retrenchement" meetings once a week; and unless, bad weather prevents, they are well; attended by sisters who are striving to become unit- edr fWe are thankful to "0ur" Heavenly Father fothe mahy blessings which we en? joatid.fbr the privilegoj bf hiis meeting together In aft asspciatidn, and we realize . that, these, societies, are . calculated to make ' us stronger in the principles of pur religion, and more T noble and ':r wortiiyV ibl 'become mother inlsrael. ... jf li f c. .t beeh counseled cedse to the Wo liadf f ; round 'daticesbut as they; hadbecdme the favorite and 'almost tinlvers aance;?'it at first,' as though it would bo a hard matter to get the yoUno comply With the request. " But after' being Organized; the Immediately Resolved to cease ilancinjg theni. Tho ybuhg men complied without lothe least resistance5 so there' is normdre iJ round dancing 'among ' us, and our i parties n ar not held later than ten o'clock ' in i the levei?irigy and the smejlv of liquor i hast not been known: q in i our dances SihH l winter, : 7 which. is pDe of; the greatest improvements., It is said that whatever may bo. the.custonis i tor Jaws&any country women always, give the tone to morals. therefore-- dear sisters ki'l ; vxrruxJK : vi iii auiu iuiui jo(u , 1 Editor Exponent: , :i'f"7t niA t?l n v f tt A n ca! a f Arl lift a tvnbaf Irr the mountains a long way froin 60 called civilization, and although we are 'deprived 1 T 1 1 .. 5 in n( Tininv Iaro tnwns. still we ana' free from 'manv of contend with.o .4. t ' ap-:pear- ed noth- J often'uthink there 13ns ' . sis-S'ie- ri 1 .ino 10 Dreveni, us irora livinc: our i reunion. Our Relief Society, la in a prosperous condition nlthouffh there are but few active menu bers. :We are striving to do what wp can by our labor (for that is all we hav to de-- . to aid in the upbuilding of. the : pend upon) V , kingdom of, God, n,uiy)? ,i : t - ? ; , ' . .' ( :.wo naa a JLieapxearrariyjtepruaryia . for beneflt'of the the St, George eniplt; we cleared over expenses $26,5Q. : r We have one poor family that has to. be assisted, ; but we can do much, good and receive,, bless- ' g th 6 m eet I ngs. Th ere ings by attendin '1 ' aoou t itETRENcnifE "very in uch said 1 ua iar us urer lis cuueeruuJ v nuve lately; Viiif littla frk rat ronffifrrm tva son Ktif tiffin " of the fashions uhle?s we4 go ; from home, or visitors come 10 see us. f regrei mj ay ium but : ? . U--- -- V ; ; ' - tsome of the prominent lletrenchmentlja dicshavo been dressed in a style scarcely . in keeping with the idea; and especiallyf as . At All 1" H.mey are looKeu uj as .puucrn oi prupnei . It seems that a -- woman .X; and. consistency. - it-- -' N . .moral courage. naWhy Is it ihat among Xat-- ; Saints .we look 50 much, at ;the: apy pearance? How manv irood. .moral., but , poor people aresgeprived of the pleasure to be derived from attending social parties, be cause they will not dress beyond their n 7:our: actions ithat j may always iwield a good Influences ,v .'. .-. , , ?Jet us ooguarded-i- wo to dorighvrwerto sickness andxHseasej and always have ihe Spirit of G6d tb'combat with our.. enf miesl. We musViot lot th(j faults 'of .others weaken us jn'the faith, hut Jet iibe'an.'in-- ' centivo to live better lives ourselves.' Heavenly Father is a just God, and will not '; let the; ways of' the Jwicked destroy the sal. re-"jfbu- r " " a ,J.. A. S. thr - USE GOOD ENGLISH.: IT- - , ront rnnrf Itlntiat dAHpflfA? RllhtlA. denote all,, com. Butis often employed to 4 v . 1 1 1 ? - appropriate adjective for each u separate purpose; and we .accordingly ', hear H of ap awfuLuice day, anijawfulr dull knife, an awful good pear, an awful, old hat, etc., d separate: and wprdr ,"got,";;ir used profusely ' jbyAnother sbme0spoaker&, i'Somo ;pfr.oprH readers f have jrhap Vheard the Dinah's nara (Ion : ,'ff After gb ybuietr.I.got on horseback, ,tana wnen I, got to juoston a ,got a .carnage, ,eut i gpt wes Deiore4 goitio. ine pmce, ana JTgot such Wold as I'can'iget rid o(7Jgdt f tothe holel.ahd got W V'eot'tb bed: built was lonir before 'T 'eot to t , ; : arid got my hreakfast.1! got td thecars, and irothomo'beforo To avoid alisiich irielecanc'ieii or' . f o cor rect them when they havp become i& jiablt, repeat to yourself the 'correction,'' and .con - . -- tlnue torepeatit til v 1 1 becomes reidy ?and ' famlllaf in usoV- 'In this' Way ypunpcrsons u may i acquire the? habit of !using the" best iohger It Is continued the language and-th:u$ofc easy arid natural it will :becoma,J-Airwayselect theihortcst and filmplcstrbrds, i and those which: convey distinctly ;tha In-- d - 1 1 1 s ter-da- . o mendable qualities. biWepfle.n.heajr: careless ..speakers sjay, "tils' pplblBicVinsiead of ;deltcious'.8he is a 1 nice fif itl, 4 nstead of gpb or agreeable j a piceajidpe,?,V Tor a .loveliaudscape; nice 'cQjiigefVf 'Instead of a snug.one; a nice man,", insieau oi a geni alf' man) a nice mountain,? i nstead "of a !grarid or lofty bhe,' a hied drfnk of ater," for a Refreshing oner a nlc0 story, instead bfdn interesting onei "& 'nicer smell," to a flowen for ':pleasaa)6d6r':!ahd:-'fi'0fi4wit'1oui limit. lB6nie;pers6n37bdfc' icfwalk nicej'talk nice, make anted visit,' write a nice letter live In a'hice house1 year nice edothes,1 make a nice present; j&c."c .' -- lyAgiin the word "aful'i'whrch means iU dreadfdl fQaVful,veublimei'Is used ab k gen-- : z eral ad jecti ve for nearly.- all j purposes, both kd " "ivation of the righteous. :: Vj Ji;Wlthja desire to be faithful to the eqd. I j mean87 1 live our religion in eyery'parUcular that .ve may.havo-courag- till-mor- ; . Axram us nl-e- t ;?i;.R:i:t loose! V and usod.fi 'i' WMcly ! I s i ' n ipe r r This, properly fi m ean .Anothor ; ; hrnsbAd mv rifiir.T vf;'.;-.v-vo:ql- c) -- ? . ? , : 'nf'th'ft-'f."ijivantno,M'ifinlnvAr- v - . rami rod, thfttrflff'. I sewed my gloves, lputimy 3rpom in T kL1 ilDrderj'C. , word ; : LETTERS. nf i, on, -- '! fastf'tccsetUefbut improperly used in imany mother. i;ays as "I kflxed my hair, I fixotllthfli: jagoirp infixed ' 1 XhisJsa very quiet little place and, its name is not often seen in the Exponent, but it is said fIietyour light shine,f therefore in jbehalfyfof my' sisters, and 1 also for ! ' U fj-u- ; . : ; ed - 2, a -- ? - ,j j 4 y '. O'ertbe white bleached bones o.jnan2jUtiecrv7 , , Who never were found and. brought to thorerrr 1 1 ' i in f h w(M Wfbt lnVa. Where the rppshrribb wftvearoll and break-- f?1rrttlriop awnw . . j A great deal depends on early habit ; and Correct language learned In early life is eai tended 'meanings: ;'AU' this will Jxoisiro at- -: rtentloa and pains, iwiihcat .irhich nothing pls ever accQmplbhed. Er, 