visited Emma Smithow Mrs. Bidamqu, r ana tooirciinneraner piace- .Father's houscl3; standing iiy good order, Is to leave the pain, the sickness, C AERY. ALICE AND PHOEBE And themitingf therodr! And to dwell among the angels. -- In the city of our God." ix. Alice bore, through lile, the scar left by an early attachment to -- . which her lover had proved false. To Phebe, a love" deep enough, to have Canton, EultqxCq., n . . : can see. a white procession Sweep xnelodlouslj along, And I woud not have your mourning Drown the sweetness of their song. "The battle strife is ended; I hare scaled the hindering wall, And am putting off the Armor afl! theaoldier-rthatl-s - n ouh you 1I1W 1 m . - , mao me irom my pleasures? Would yeu hold me from my rest? serving and my waiting US be a guest! "Of Its heavy, hurtful burdens J am called Now my spirit.Is released , X .w I am done with fasts and scourges, x. And am bidden to the feast. ' . i , t "While yon see the sun descending Whllaybu losemein thenlfht, the heavenly morn Is breaking, And my soul is In the light. WI frem faith!to sight am rising, While In depths of doubt you sink: Tls the rlpry that divides us, : ' Not the darkness as you thinly Then lift np your drooping eyelids, ' And take heart, of better cheer; Xls. the cloud of coming spirits Makes the shadows'that ye fear." ' , . Oh, they come to bear me upward To the mansion of the sky And to change as tarn changing U to lin and not to dier - - - - lands also covered with heavy green foliage. To appreciate this beautiful scenery, a person should arise and go out on deck before the sun Is up on a clear morning,. when the" surface of the water is as smooth - as glass, . with hardly a ripple to be seen. I thipk I never saw anything so grand in all my life. The steamer was a large, well finished and splendidly furnished one. Wo lived like princes.while on the boat, it was very H v similar indeed to hotel lifo; - ' We arrived at Keokuk 6h the evening of the 19th, where we found Brother J. F. Wells awaiting, us, the next morning Bro. Wells went to Carthage arid; xwe took train for Montrose, which Is opposite Nauvoo; visited Natrvoo that day; in the evening Bro. Joseph G. Young left us for Council Bluffs, Iowa, thcro to join Bro. James A. with him. . Little, and to labor ro. 2 Stuart and I held a Sunday 1st,-Bmeeting in Nauvoo; this was the first that has been held there by Utah Elders since our people Ieit there. We-had good atten-tioand the peoplwlshed us; to hold otbeir meetings. We stayed around that part of the country until last ilonday, held a meeting in.Montrose Tuesdayvening 23rd, had a crowded house and gooi attention; the Sunday 15cn66r Cholf Eang for usV"2tt Nau-- 1 voo we found friepdS iWhaw hos- pitable, :and yit were eil Entertained We -- ilyj Car-thar- . un- , ge . . t n' t ra Ia- frm tt n f 1 1 fl it rt A o tt n oV f tvnl A Intr 1 meetings andf visiting the Saints, In this branchr therf we wilt make our ivay; down , '"';to'SLla6uls.' Z. r. : j'.'.' . . Matiioni Wood Pratt. ' Editor Exponent: x , :, This letter: is from ythe fifteenth son of Parley P. Pratt, deceased, and as I read it I was reminded ;; of h& Exponent, and thought that the contents might interest its many reauers. : Some yearsago when this lad was a daily listener; ,t3 ray Instructions, 1 told him he was then qualifying himself for a ary, like un& his father; and, with what pleasure haye watched him developing manhood and nobility. into Hqw pleasant it is for a teacher to see the results of her arduous labors as she, mingles . tn the society she has helped to form! ..That:: germ implanted by; tthp. teacher in . the heart of her pupU, i$ reflected like the .dew; shed; upon j he;oiiage;it is.refreshed i:;and beautified, and lends its enchantment thobelider-; ;i v to the;ye vThen, my feIlov laborers, do not be dis ,; couraged, but contiuue ln assistiriggto im. plant the germ of true usefulness in the hearts and beads' of the rising generatien, v and ypu;.YiU ; reap your reward, for seed sown upon good ground will increase anx - i . : . ! ; ! ' , x y point., v :. , wo. visited Carthage, and yv'ere Monday snown tnrougn tne old jail, where the rro-phJoseph and his brother; Hyrum were martyred, saw the place in, the door vhere . the btiljet went through that killed Hyrum, another marks tf hat still renaitin as. mo. inentoes jof the .horriJ)l jdeed,- From we took train to Canton, wherd wo fpund. Bros. . Wells, and. Williams awaiting . oux arrival at We. 4epot; ihey.conducted us to the house of the: latter, where we are en tertained very hospitably by his intelligent 1 family.,, ,,'.'' i ,. ' ; , uanto is a nice place. . we will remain ; the way "is beautiful! The river is high, and each bank is thickly covered with timber, tho trees are all out in leaf, and there are numerous is- 4,I iy ot 208 miles. The scenery on Qt the transient twUlrft floomf ain Wea'ri $t tb3? lm roejy;. And hareomeinilgbt ot home. Of nt V O , board the;TSteamerj'Northwe3tern,boqnd for Keokuk, Iowa. We hadVa delightful sail up the Missouri River, a distance of "Whj weep ye tor the faHJnr t tryand-eorite- A ' His Holy Spirit, that I may grow in grace and the knowledge of the truth, and gain wisdom and. understanding, that I inay be able to honor my priesthood and callirig,and beinstrumental - in - the hands of God in spreading the seeds of righteousness among the honest where it will be cherished and bring forth good fruit. I will now speak of my travels. On the 8th inst. I left St. -- Louis, in company with Elders D. M. Stuart and Jos. G; Young, on PUTTING OFP TIIE ARMOR. . from the storms you have. been having, that times and seasons are begin. ning to change in that part of the country. You say Hela sayahe may be home before the year is out, and you wish to know if I can say the same, "I may, be,'.' but that is as near as T know about it- - I intend to stay until I am released to come home ; when that will be I cannot say, but, I can assure you that when the word comes I Will try and be prepared. J hould like very well, if the Lord is willing, to return home this fall, and it would be an unspeakable pleasurejo me to be .permit ted to eat my next Christmas dinner with the family at mother's, as in "days of yore," but be that myself til I am released; and I hope and pray that the Lord will direct me and bless me .with v . It seems, axiHnaypI-wil- l A Utah,!l which highly delighted the people. To me Nauvoo is the nicest, site for a city that I ever saw, but it is about the dullest place in the country, now; it seems that there is a curse resting upon it I rowed a boat across the Biyer the other two miles wido at that WHl-hout- ; May 19th reached me all safe yesterday I was pleased to learn that you were all well, ani that Dora is a f 'foid nibther. : : Ill,, " Dear Brother and Sister: Your very welcome letter bearing date of . W. liiUilV 9 " ; May 31st, 1865. ; VVJIVU Bhowed us through he, bouse- - and made me a present of a picture the, house and a cburch that is built on the lotl Many . other houses .that were built bv our people are still standing in good conditions good meeting at Hall. in the ,At the close of Nauyoo City the vmeetlng we sang "All are Talking of CORRESPONDENCE. ? culminated inTiharrla life, whin she found the tendrils of her affections which had wound about the dear old home so interlaced jith tpse of Alice, that she could not transplant her own without uprooting her sisters. She put aside the bright dream unfalteringly, and Alice never knew what it cost her. ; irrvL:.. The closing scenes of these lives are full of pathos. Alice, spent with toil, surrendered;" life with clinging reluctance and Phebe, though- - ahe struggled bravely rto keep cheerfully on in the work which was now all her own, could not live without the strength and affection on which she had always leaned. By force of eirenmstanees, Phebe- - was deprived,-iher, last days, :0t the presence of those nearest and dearest Long thecenter of a brilliant circle, in the extremo hour, she asked, with touching appeal, "Where; are my friends?'? Yet their love had not foiled her, and tenderly it follows her to their new home beyond the grave. Only a biographer at onco 8o gifted and so lovingas Mrs. Ames could have answered so well the public desire for a record of the lives of these two noble women. As a ballad writer Alice excelled, but if the poetry of either is written for posterity it seems! to us to bo that of Pheobe. In vigor of . conception,;' depth of passion and power of dramatic expression; she was much superior to Alice, while she was not less endowed with tenderness. We would quote, if we had space, "A Dying Hymn," "ASure A Woman's Conclusions,1' and Witness, "Nearer Home." The latter seems worthy a permanent place in our hymnology. As less familiar, and as Pheobe's word to those she left, we quote: w r& ; ; - hundred fold. , . . ; ! IL Try. WOMAN'S RECORD. ary ' after her lec . xuring lour.inrougn uaniornia, returned to jior home In Boston, rested only three days, then proceeded o Philadelphia, to take part in the fgreaf;Ck)nyentl6ri ot the Tem-V;- Mr5; liiVERJibRE,1 pera'nee Women ofmefica. Th'e Womans "There is Tint nho r "Journal'1 sava of her ; raid. ir: athousand,- even 'of" those 'who " accustpmed to public Hfe,? who could do n, J ; to the fatigue the Nyork and endure' : . ' which, thii lady has" endured daring; t ha past- seven. years. In view of ' such an example,' the question or woman's comparative pnysical and mental ability for severe and protracted labor Is hot'onlyjnroyed,but demonstrated." -- j 