harmonize, to soften and tone clown that which would otherwise be glaring and unpleasant to the sight. Yet how few men comprehend these little trifles that make up so much of tho sum of domestic happi- For tho EXTQSINT. MARRIAGE AND WIVES. BY BLANCHE BEECIIWOOD. .How many wives there are whose sole motive seems to bo to please their husband and their God,-- and of those who mako duty fail Jheirchief aim and study how many to win one word of commendation, from the husbands who have promised to love and - Tor thosero charms which never can decay. But timet which givos new whiteness to the swan, .. 'Improves.. its lustre. FESTOJT,- become proverbial now that there are not as many marriages as there used to be. Looking about for reasons, It has N. Y. Ledger. self-contain- Tjie smallest hair casts its shadow. ed nt A good smilo is the sunshino'of wisdom. Z. Zr- HosearBallou. No man was ever scolded out of his sins. Cowper. A judicious silence is always better than truth spoken without charity. Do Sales. The most difficult thing in life is to know yourself. Thales. The greatest truths are the simplest, and the faculties and powers God has given r them. Let each one of either sex take a reasonable view of life from an enlightened Btand-poin- t, and he or she will enter into the marriage relations not from impulse, or under the impression that they are going to wed an angel, but a rational human being, with tastes and desires and feelings likn othnrs. Find out the intrinsic valuo of the soul of tho one you. would wed, the fineness of the web and woof.: jjq not mar- . . t and weakness were ' womanly and fascinating qualities, that woman's charms were sweetness consisted -- in her incapacity to stand alone, to do battle with the world independently; in short, that her reliance upon a stronger nature was an absolute neces sity, It would tend to mate women Detter and nobler. If such is really jtho case, then sho is not a perfectly developed Woman, and would, under any circumstances, be incapable of standing alone. To be sure one must bo well balanced within and without to be capable of acting under the various circumstances of life wisely, but as a wife and mother is there not just as much need OI WlSUOmt XJ jjui muu m uiuusuuua yjr to tho wife for courage, for instances look strength of purpose to assist them in the vicissitudes of life? Failures in business, which occur so frequently, are borne with iar greater heroism by women than men, usually speaking. Do not farmers (for instance) expect their wives to do all tho general housework, make butter, milk cows, etc., with very little hired help, while they perhaps keep several hired ; hands which these same wives must cook for etc. : and perhaps they have -- etant care ana attention, sometimes keeping them awake all tho night, 6ick and restless; Do men realizo that theso burdens press heavily? Surely tho woman who can so systematize her work as to keep the machinery of tho household running on smoothly and quietly from day to day, and year to year, and wear a pleasant countenance, be always neat and tidy in her own appearance Is indeed a marvel. Itrequiresa vast amount of patience, care.prudence and forethought to accomjtfish woman's household labor. There, are very few men, comparatively speaking, who are competent to judge by a woman's dress or housekeeping whether sho is extravagant or not. There are many women who have a faculty of making old things look stylish and almost 'new, who seem to possess the good tact and taste to make all that is around perfect them ry for a fine face or a fine form, nor for any foolish idea about affinities; for ail these Will vanish when the toils and hardships of life come upon you, but if there is a genu- ine fountain of truth and virtue and moral integrity to supply the place of beauty and wealth and show, you will be well provided in any emergency. A man or woman who does not love another because he or she is poor, does not love at all, they arc not capa ble of loving. There must be some inherent goodness of heart where there is true affection. Marriage under all circumstances and for both parties interested requires and selfishness seems to be the ruling spirit of the age. self-denia- l; NO SECRETS. The moment a girl has a secret from her mother, or has received a letter she dare not let her mother read, or has a friend of whom her mother does not know, she is in danger. A secret is not a good thing for a girl to have. The fewer secrets that lie in the hearts of women at any age, the better. It is almost a test of purity. She who has none of her own is best and happiest. In girlhood, hide nothing from . your by mother; do nothing that, if discovered ' When blush. would make you your father, you are married, nover, never, never conceal anything from your husband,' Never allow yourself to write a letter that he may not know all about, or to receive one that you are hot quite willing he should read. Ji&ve npmyjtwies whatever. Tell those who are abouVyou where you do. Those who have the right to know, I mean, of course. A little secretiveness has set many a scandal afloat; and much as is said about women who tell too much, they are much better off than women who tell too little. A man may be reticent and lie under no suspicion; 7 notlso a woman. The girl who frankly says to her mother: "L ha vo been there. I met so and so. Such and such remarks were made, and this or that was done," will bo certain of receiving good' advice and sympathy. ,, If all was right, no fault will be found. If tho moth er ;knows out of Jier - greater .cipcflence thai something was improper, or unsuitable, i;sho will, if she .is a good mother, kindly advise against its repeftitioii.'.'-VIt is only when mothers discover that their girls are hiding thin;; from them that 1 -- yooivlratr t Mary Kyle Dallas. FLOWERS. ; i a flint, frflfnlitv femHy"flittleWIdranha.requueciin " M cherish them. And is it not necessary for them to be if they must live lives? Then the best education for woman as well as man, is that which develops alt gelf-relia- drawn; .The. reason most generally assigned by men is that a wife in this day is too expensive an article to keep. "It costs" so much to support a wife, that is the reason young men don't marry' and the mother is blamed in most instances because she has indulged her daughter, or has not sufficiently impressed upon her mind the preparations for housekeeping, or tho subject of domestic economy. Fathers very seldom come in for any share of tho blame,no matter how much they have petted or neglected the daughter's true interests, it is her mother that has not taught her properly, that has failed in some particular to lo her whole duty, this is tho verdict Allow me to say, with all duo deference to men, that if they would regard women as rational beings, and not encourage, by ; ness. b founded on esteem. Which the lair merits of the heart engage: Wedded Jove rj..-.- J -- thov rebuke or scold. Innocent faults are always pardoned by a kind parent. You may not know, girls, just what is wliat is wrong yet You can't rightHst be blamed for making little mistakes, but you will never do anything very wrong if from the first you have no secrets from your . mother. so are the greatest men. Hare. . ... The greatest good fortune is that which amends our imperfections, and balances our . faults. is the only paradise out of which we cannot be driven away. Rich-ter- . . In character, in manner, in style, in all things the supreme excellence is simplicity. Longfellow. Love of truth shows itself in discovering and appreciating what is good wherever it may exist. Our Lord has written the promise of tho resurrection, not in the Bible alone; but in every loaf in springtime. To have a respect for ourselves, guides our morals; and to have a deference for others, governs our manners. Sterne. Most of the shadows that cross our path through life, aro caused by us standing in our own light. Everything is pernicious that emanci pates our intellect without at the same time strengthening our We cannot conquer fate and necessity, yet we can yield to them in such a manner as to be greater than if we could. I think the first virtue is to restrain the tongue; he approaches nearest to the gods who knows how to be silent, even though he is right. Skepticism has never founded empires, established principles, or changed the world's Jiejart have always been men of faith. Chapin. Faith is a domestic and private capital; there are public savings banks and relief ' funds, out of which individuals receive assistance In times of scarcity; but here the believer himself silently draws his interest. self-contro-l. An exacting temper is one against which to3 guard both one's own heart and the nature of those who are under our control and influence. To give and to allow, to suffer and to bear, are graces more to the purpose of a noble lifo than cold, exacting selfish n ess which must have, let who will ..without; which will, not yield, let who . willi break. It is a disastrous quality whprowith to go through tho world; forcre-it . receives as much pain as itinflicfs, and ates the discomfort it deprecates. ,. . 