7 ; WO M A'N' S E X P O N E N T, ;'; .roRRPOOTEtfCE. , met the tJbfeVmlles people of thV iBeiement1 in' an'( about u'miilionwaps; Nearly all the meeting: houses; that we entefed,:tas we continued up' "the valley were - inhabi ted with thim, also some dwelling houses, Two miles" further, at West Port'efvilkS we held tti:nieeting at two o'clock p. m. people to accom. Bi3hp Smith InvitedJ were interested with an evergreen vine that was trained from a couple" of windows into the four corners of the room and from : " EpOR:FxpoNENX : - ; ... : i : t wKllelljyou of a ' short" chapter from the lives of two of the women of Utah. tf . Early Mondayiuorning 18th of Sept. last, Mrs. E. Howard andqurr correspondent 1 Tnetutthe Salt La&e hanj und;;pre)aroUo1 the course oT OupletpiourAwo reached where5 a great -- marly peopl e, amid Ogden, I thought certainly . wo had arrived at the Metropolis of the'lVest.1 Hotels, Aye, saw As.' ; : ; tf(iil, r ' "a1 tfis-- 1 - boh bafeli into a man and $MtiVl$6fp 'walking a!on, and it tfas thought ttioVWotfndk.Wuid.prpvd'atal, we, a few .minutes previous had passed over the1 T'-' charging of 1 . ; same gr-'' 'At Peterson Station we were met Bro. by Jesse Haven and wife, whom we accompa- -' nled to' their hoirioTat Enterprise, a small place whfcfi past, rp'nid;r6strtheandcars,! but by from, coosiera-bldestraciipnj- O , f tft J.'ii. over,.Tootv whtQh,;.Beemed J. ,'t.t...li. i sfchooI-hOU- se everything .elso. - ,r . - J , England farm. v ;Wo continued up the Weber terT miles ver a. very rough road to Croydon; on this - , passed on to Peoa, four miles further, aud, at 7 o'clock met the sisters in another well filled house. Wo met in several places Avhere the floors were wet frora recent scrubbing. How unwise for delicate women and girls to assemble in halls,- - under any circumstance,, on wret floors; it causes much lamentable sickness and distress. Bishop Marchaht, a jolly, good man, seemed quite elated over our meeting; said if we had been told the condition of the settlement, we could not have made more appropriate remarks. This shows that the Lord is with Jlis handmaidens to help them in their weakness. On the 26th .at 10 a. m.,we were in Masell, where we were metbyt the Bishop arid held a meeting in a private house. Went on to Kamas, where the people assembled in a large fine hall, but not yet properly seated. The appearance of the place bespeaks that the people have more energy, or their faculties are far in advance of some of the settlements we have visited. The Bishop's wife seems well adapted, to: lend out, is gen- 1 , . - roadis the 'evil's Slide," 4t ison tho side hill: abput half a milalon with a couple of perpendicular rock, walls about twenty feet high! leaving j;a ppace of a few ..feet. be-- t een. ; We assed the tuniier which seem--e- d at the ditanco to bo no more nor less than a ;black hole in the mouuiains where some wild animal had his. den. From the bushes, as we traveled along, we gathered haws, and autumn leaves. AVe arrived af Croydon feel, ing very tired. There was a meeting at lour o'clock; after a refreshing repast of tender1 beefsteak etc. at the house of Prest " Ellen Thackeray (which I Wish by the by that half our young girls knew how to cook as well,) and somewhat rested,' our spirits were more buoyant, and we hurriedly improved ur time; the sisters expressed a regret for the brevity of our visit At sun-swe left for Hehneferville,; ihreo miles further, stayed all night at Bishop Rich-en'- s rever. should recover . scwith.:.theaypbbid but he had all .Xaith tha the with' In time fqgg.tocwjfetence. , t . ftin'thereVeniDg the'siatow; ahd I told thim the object qf our visit,,"that AssbteUpn, (and.3 Agents : , for the .:: 1ud ; vO'!er sundry J0?&Mm?. WnIClL,waS QAnft linoYl.ft VrtnnAmtlvft choke-cherrie- s, , ' nvtnnl. nut . the mot .wuh, tie, sisters; at Mtttoau lOtlj; wp On6 particular' feature of this placo wW a nlcpiQ-uUtndt.gwAedby tho High Wfei 'S;tHoyleo',weraill very ac. tive in1 taking cafe of what crops tho frost had left them. We learned that all the settlerHontshrough Morgan Summit and Wasatch QountiQs Had" been visited with a cdttirijfmsf onfthe 9th of August,which had 'haturally 'affected their wheat crops, the altitude is such that their seasons arc vtrjtahort, having late 'springs and eariy Jailsfihey.worb-Jjosthres&ing their grain imrnany places whero t wb Visited. Hair a nflto iaTtharytjva Littleton Bishop AV. G. ' Smith AttSJmpanled us on to South "Morgan, two miles ride brought us to BroPEdingl W8;! At ottroTcliDfck We met with a full me.e ting,. :Bishbp, Smith in. h?F8iWJ vieAi t?10 pooplo 7 to accompany him ."PjIfeoofKMihicthQ; evening at, 7 jwo iound another, lull house, wq, returned to Bra Eddington's and enjoyed their hospitality for the night In ,tbo ' morning of the, 20th, Bishop Smith came along and accompanied us up Canyon Creek : r t , - , . ot - e 4 of-clocfe . Wo met with tho Relief Society at 10 a. m. The Prest. Anna Bunot had bur. ried her infant twins; sho seemedjust beloved by all; and her spirit appeared as if if was almost too feeble for this mundane sphere. After meeting, the, Bishop took us through ' Echo to Coalville. We arrived later than expected, and the meeting was nearly over; but there was one appointed for the next day at 10, a. in., at which time we assembled with the Saints and enjoyed a refreshing time, attended to business Ac. We then went threo miles to Unlonville'and met wiih-ihSisters at 2 p. m. The PresiAnn XiOwe, is sixtv dent; is full of spirit and hope, the inhabitants ' aro scattered and she three miles to attend meeting, she also ' ttCv4 ou. iuues io auena a at Coalville.; Tho same evening meeting we arrived at Sister Susan. 8 Richards. f wr,QKir, There wo went to the Sabbath but Sister Howard wa3 quite ill.. meeting a. m., we met with the sisters at meeting, also visited a sick sister. On entering ono sisters house, We was-ohMwd-- frt t tle and kind, and with the en. ergetic sisters she presides over. We assembled with the sisters in their Society House, at 10 x. m. on the 27th. The house is made of logs nicely whitewashed, and the floor covered with a carpet of their own make. The sisters expressed themselves well paid for meeting. We journeyed seventeen miles further to Heber City, with Bishop Samuel Atwood. The roads were good, but as we went down many hundred feet from the summit we could realize a great change in the atmosphere. As we traveled along oar eyes' wandered over the picturesque scenery that lay on our way. It seemed to me that the many thousand miles over which I had traveled, I never before saw all nature clothed with such beauty; every color of the rainbow could be seen among the autumn leaves, and foliage that covered the hills in groups, and clusters; it appeared as if the- UvmI of Nature had been forming bouquets (o decorate the hills. Although the air seomed soft aria balmy as a summer's morning, I found from the cold I had taken from the wet floors that I had quite lost my voice, and was obliged to talk in a whisper. We reached Heber, which is quite a city, with many well finished public buildings, painted and grained, stores, etc; great contrast to tho farming towns. We arrived at Bishop Hatch's. Relying upon a higher power, and through the prayers of. fered in my beh.-ilfI was, supported with sufficient voice t. address an audience ono hour and a half, in a large" beautiful hall. x Sisters Howard lso bore a strong testimony. The Bishop appointed a meeting at 10 a. mrronthe Sthyfor SistGrHowardTind-my- r self to speak more particularly to the sisters, , after which we went to Midway about five miles directly west bt Heber, and a couple of miles northwest of this place .we visited: some great curiosi ties of Nature's works. There were warm springs and many mounds that had formed from the lime in the water, as it boiled up over their pots. One largo hill was sending oi th limo water over its co-opera- tes ' 0,&ar3'lyinjg ' NVe i , the aherfciM'o t, tim people they i'Jia ye sue ergy. i v 1 .and the , v hi't .hact; justjh ; afterward ''read; of a1 man ' jve! pndjhich doum&barrel dropping guh; J Smith iwas obliged to return homo; ho told us he felt our labors jwqre. effecting a great deal of good among tho people. There was a crowded house both men and women and) wo were listened to. with attention and in. v' t teresUjj, Thombrning of the 21st we came down the Creek to Morgan City again. .Went up the Weber about a milo and a half and came to little sunny ''ltound .Vailey' appar- ently large eriougV to make half a dozen good farms. Here wo solicited and urged the raising of the mulberry trees which to all appearance could be raised successfully. The sisters here, as in other country places seemed to be endeared to the sunbonnet, we endeavored'io'show them the utility of straw hats. making and wearing home-mad- e we Here met Bishop Edward Hunter's son, he had a nicely located piece of landj and a foundation for, what I should call a New - neaihessirhe"PresIdent, -- , ' -- Mrs. Bryantj is a sister to Mrsr Wheeler, President of the Society of the 2nd Ward, S. L. City; She was full of zeal and en- . ; paring meals in such haste; ; asihougK action was the only yrihd were aliowedlf vj. tye ;paid 'passage on the Eastern bound trafryand preritly we were Seated in ttioV&rt,JWen!eard something ofrder-ah- d pany us to'ast7rteryiIleandL:atteh,diii:! meeting at 7 o'clock - The imecting was held at Mrs A. Porter's tho President of tho Belief Society. From .this placo Bishop : the pat We1 thence forming a complete net work on the ceiling. Three aud a al miles further, at Lockport, we met with the sisters at 2 p. m. The girls .ha .decorated the house with lovely autumn leaves. Everything spoke ; 1 -- : , 