lie. eHowasasort of extremist,- - and took no ipedinm stand. After tHat hi s books and Avork were neglected,1 and his ays, as well as evenings, were spent abroad. Fast young men became his constant companions, I was left alone to mourn over the change I had wrought. At first he made it a rule to bo in at night by ten o'clock, but after a time he began to- stay out :laier and him from homer ple kinder than the rest, came in to make preparations for the funeral," and passed si. lently output, L did hot heed them. Kate Hastings came just after dark. She was dressed in deep mourning, and her face was so ghastly that it startled me. to reproach "You, too, have come me," I - --r - r Said. - re-tuen- in a state of intoxication. It wt.s his seventeenth birthday, just a year from (he time, ed. I gave the party. 1 had seen him under the influence of wine once or twice before, - - now, for his hand clutched a revolver and springing to my feet I threw my arms about him to shield him from himself. But hu shook me off. The next moment, the loud report ,.qf his pistol echoed through the house. One glance showed mo his lifeless form stretched on the flodr.y Then ' oxistenco i was a 0 Wank to J ' me. - " " ' : -- ' ' ,v cu x awojtc io tconsciousnesa tno morning sun was shining and the house was filled with people. But even justice was. satisfied, and I. was left alone with the dead. All day, tearless and motionless, I sat beside that mangled corpse, i, SomcTpeo- ; -- - - - - ed. -- - -.-' - i - She looked up quickly. ' brunclms -' and mnsfp ,. " "He has told you?" " 'iYes." ' "Yet you speak kindly to mo and do not condemn us." n A sad belutiml smlto for a moment lighted up her features. She raised one of my .hands and Tkiss'ed ft reverently, i ;v.; fThank you," she said. "Some time you will 'be gladLforIiiang-wn--thkindness to one so much in need of it. Nowmother, leave me." 1 left the apartment but did not . retire. All night I sat on the floor outside the door, hoping that Katie would bid me enter; but no such summons came. "Daylight returned, and the busy world again moved, still I heard no: movement; in the chamber of i death. At last ray anxiety, became so great that I opened the door "and looked in. The girl knelt by the side of the corpse, apparently asleepe Softly 1 stole forward and raided the drooping head. But no sad eyes met my gaze, nothing but the white face and staring orbs of a corpse. Katie had died by her own hand, as a bottle which she clutched proved. The next-dathey buried the pair, my child-wifson and his in one grave; erring -- y e, 'andastho clods fell on the coflin, of. went out life forever. brightness my the Mrs. Brown could say no more, for sobs choked her utterance. Her listener, too, was deeply affected, as her pale face and tearful eye showed. Leaving the .bereaved mother for a moment, Mrs : Gray stole softly to the door and r called - "Willie!" The child heard her and came quickly to her side. "What is it, mamma?" "It i3So lonesome without you, darling," she said, drawing him to her. Si A smile lit up his face. "Then, do you love me, mamma?" ,"Lovp you? Oh, Willie!" Her arm3 wero about him now and she 'sobbing on his shoulder. "Did somebody tell you about those bad boys?" he asked wonder in gly. "They have got a flask, of whiskey, mamma." "Thank God! You are saved, my darling, she cried; hysterically. -- Shoxlrew him closer to her, she elung to him, she showered kisses on his wondering face. . But never, until he was a man, with a son of his own; did sHe tell him the story of tliat other Willie, whose childhood and his had been so much alike, and how, by the knowledgo of that other Willie's unfortunate career, h'ehad been saved by her perhaps from a liko fate. m . soil-supportin- " it. Miss Susan Fletcher Smith, an American lady, has just made a will, assigning her body, after death, to the Royal College of Surgeons, on the ground that it Is the duty of every member of the human family to devote the body after death, to scientific examination, until the principles of physiological science are thoroughly established. It seems to us this woman possesses the elements of true benevolence and heroism Mns. M. E. Marshall, of Brooklyn, X. Y., h?.s opened an institution In that city, for the benefit f working women, which is 1 and inde, uesigneu ro bo of denomination or sect. She any pendent has opened an evening school for girls who cannot attend the day school where trades will be taught, in addition to English -, ; "Yes, it U your right, my poor child!" I. said. It gives mo another pang to give him up even to you my daughter;-stil1 do 1 . well!' I saw his purpose liti-ii-i-i- .. out myrproaches. I have come to watch with the dead." "I wish to watch alono," I said. "It is I who will, watch alono," she "It is right, I am his wife." " How calm shemy was! There was not even a tremor of the voice to tell how she suffer- - back to his old habits, but my efforts were unavailing. He had got a taste of a new life and it held him by a'charm. Well do I remember the first night he came home -- . "NomotlienojLSuffer ,. I tried to expostulate, tried to win him but tfils night ho drank so deeply that some of his companions had to help him home. The hours of that night were dread fa hours of self reproach and agony. I was so glad when morning came to dispel the gloom so glad when reason returned, my erring child. He was very much ashamed. He said again and again he would do bet-te- r Two ; but his resolves were worthless. was he home nights later, dgain brought After that it was a common occurence. He fell lower and lower, squandered all my ready. money and. wherr-- I re fused to mortgage my. property, that he might have more, he left me with aa cath. That night a large: firm was robbed and It was discovered that Willie was one of the perpetrators of the deed. The . next morning the town was alive with excitement, and I almost crazed with anxiety, for my boy had fled. The news passed from mouth to mouth; my house was searched, and my son called a villain, but I had no power to prevent either. No one gave me a word of sympathy ! iif 1 "xou nave oniy yourseii to oiame,7' said a blunt old woman, who called during the but you day. "Tho boy was Uappy at home drove him into bad company." ;' Thai night at the hour of twelve, as I sat alone, a window was opened softly and Willie stepped into the room. With a glad cry I sprang toward himp but ho pushed me rudely away. "Can you hide mo anywhere," he said, "The bloodhounds are after me. Had you given me the money yesterday, this would not have been." 'Oh, Willie!" I cried. "Yes, mother," he said sternly, "you have made me a criminal. I want to tell you I have secretly married Kate Hastings. God knows what will become of her.0 Kate was a pretty , little creature, only 16 yoars old, innocent as the violets which grew around her homeMy bleeding heart gave a quick painful throb as he continued: "The world will not believe we are. mar. ried. She will be scorned : by all. Hark ! they are coming. Mother, I am too young, too wicked to die, but I must die. Fare- C WOMAN'S RECORD ' g, A fnn nf fiff W U. V A4 i. 7 -- -- HOUSEHOLD HINTS. To make Cream Cake Take one 4mt of boiling water and add" to it one ablespoonful of lard; while this is at boiling heat stir into it a little salt and sufficient flour to form a stiff dough, and then when cool beat into the dough fiVc eggs. Butter in n and a dripping-pathe dough Jn separate drop the size a walnut, it will pnflf about of quantities up and rise and be hollow inside; bake in a very quick oven. Prepare tho cream thus: taka one quart of milk and let it boil, while boiling take sufficient cold milk to stir in two table spoonfuls of flour and three eggs, add this to the mUk while boi!ing; as you would make gravy, put in half or two thirds of a teacupful of sugar and season with lemon, then when the cakes arc hot open them and fill them with the cream. -- Egg Blanc Mange. Two thirds of a box of gelatine, one quart of milk, one cup of Sugar, six eggs, salt and- - flavoring to taste. Put the gelatine into the milk set it on tho back of the stove until it is dissolved, and then add the sugar, beat the yelks of the eggs until they are very lfeht, add a gill of cold milk when the milk on the stove is scalding hot; put the egg? in; stir constantly until it is done which wili bo in a few minutes. If allowed to remain too long on the fire it will curdle. Take from the fire and continue to stir it gently until it is quite cold, then put . the mixture into a mold and set it on ice, if the weatner. if warm. This is to be eaten with cream. . I Wi V per week is charged. The amount received above expenses will bo devoted to providing a home for homeless children, and girls who are out of employment. A select boarding agency, has also been connected with the institution for the benefit of the pupils and inmates." Such an enterprise as the above mentioned, thorougldyjyj8.tes -Itc nature maticud brislne consistent with womanly sympathy truly is attdgenerosiry; a"poslti ve 'demonstration of the ability and method which women are capable of exercising. "Mrs. Martha Bremington, of Trenton, Mass., recently deceased, accumulated an independent property, in a way truly remarkable. Although she was in business but a few years, and at that almost a girl, and without assistance, she left an estate which will reach ncarlyjtOOO. Her investments Were shrewdly made and were often exceedingly remunerative. As a shrewd buyer of goods she had no superior in tho market Her energy and application to business was tireless. The deceased mado a will bofaro hor rlpath. and is said tn have left all, or nearly all her estate to her present husband, Mr. William S. . 