saas ' i t i ..... irr. -- ; ' .r ' , 1 LITTLE OEPH ANf - take card to' place gently fcedicov'6Hng,'but 3 lAit drmly the 'garments of charity and k!hdn6s3V,arduud the orphan, for his soul filFliWh'fettearthly wrappings are, no iitOTO needed, ;: t , . i, in) Diantiia Baker.. BLI &tY) May 1, 1876. SOAP, scoritiwo A great Saving of Labor to the Iloueekceper. - i !lU'i;:0K Mldrcsi, David James, Box : Ladles, attending: Conference should call and see her fine assortment, which citairot be excelled in quality and ; 300, On band. - Send your ciders to , ' GOODS, :'IIiE KINPpP SHOES BOOTS AUD EVERYBODY SHOULD WE" and Are tho handsome, durable, r; easy-fittin- nis U. M. E la1 tJrvffieTinTaTtT ; in "i nnnr rtir i o them to tho UjVITED ORDER OF TAILORS They will take In payment, CASH, FLOUR,' f BUTTER and EG G S , ' 5 o Eart Tesiple Street, ; neccs-isirryt- . . . rn 3ra ' ' TST CS3- - OJ& House. rT r (CD 3& Suds. Home-mad- e a ; ' ' East TtxtiJz SmEK. 31. ;;t Z)liTWDOpET, WHOLESALE ASD BETA IT. DEALER IX , . SPRING EEOS. WIRE; MATTRESSES . CRUSHES. - Fc a t H e r s , ' TVa 11 , tetter oaaTltr, and m cheap ft the imported article. Oa U at the Store of the V. 0. 1 Uh WABD, Four Or'a . , 9 Goods, Shapes, Flowers, Ornaments, Etc, Men's and Loys Clothing, Hats ami Cups, Boots and Shoes, Ladies' Cloaks and Furs t Xotions t '' ttpes, Cutlery, Etc i ' Onr Prices will be ns low as tbe lowest, WbuolcsaJe rrs will fli)d the Best Assortment and Bottom, i'rlces at jlOiMADJJ Vfnf-ffo- t ..: n. e. pjtelps 9 tr a little - Fine Lino of LADIES' CORSETS. Salt Lake City. ''u ,or - GENERAL DRY GOODS. -- the 0L1 Fashioned rioase. - Specialty in Gloves and " ' Millinery t - CLOTHING, BOOTS, SHOES, '. . ' ; Wholesale and Betall Dealers in Staple and Fancy J3.CL DESCRIPTION- E.VEHY t ' ut ; ., . P. GOSS, Supt. - cs . . doors below Walker House, and examine our . . goods, we guarantfce llsfacLkraf and will' . take pleasure in making to order, iuch , Irushcs as we have not oa hand. Wra. a LADIES SAVAGE, TEASDEL, Eagle 1.1 . If you want your husbands to, hare grh substantia. Home-mad- e or Foreigm, send ' Suit, either J The first arrival of Spring Styles, Trlnti, Dress Goods, Flowers, tc. Xtlh. Ladies will, please call, as good atlentlon to low prices, and full assortmept on hand. ; . McAIXISTER, Sapt. A S 3D EL'.S . ' . . ASSOCIATION, jWORKIHGMEH'S 87 St. Repairing-DoneTOWN Main CixCK At the Stotie, Moderate Ratte. Kit at and Findings Leather, ; J.,:,: re&Sohable-price- d g- articles made by tho Now deceiving, at . &c. AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMNETS, . ,. . OiejPiXSHKOX. NOTIONS, GROCERIES, IIEA VY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, Salt Lake City, Utah. ' ilobking. glasses: Ilavc with dearth, or a glass with water, T hrrnjrlt'at tho back of tho glass and plant ft!s&p'of ivy.v.When the branches grow ' the'v,"can ;be trained around the frame in such a way as to entirclyhide the source, and decorate the frame inlwy way desired. TEIWPp DBY Salt Lake City. C. R. East Tercple street. Wholesale and Retail Dealing hi all kinds of inekd-itigr-i'nlartreme- pwctrato' thenb; :Tne' Pfilsc K very per6on,'should'lbctatle to ''a'rrtmfr'lno' state of the pulsem health, and then ufh CoiLparo it' vith the pulse wheri;ailing, .would 1Jnve some 'correct idea of tho condition of the pa- - "ivv roR 17, . i Tho Ladies of Utah are invited to visit our New Art Gallery, the fln;st iu the West Wo MM hQW theta ept3citnea)s of our flr6t premlunrpor-traitTan- d. Laudscape I'botographs iu all branches from small pictures, auy sae or jstyiei the Coloring in water color, ink or oil, is by G. M. Ouin-iJe- r, which is a suthcieut guat-anteof excellence. Our prices aro pnt at liyiug rates. We sparo .uo pulua to produce satisfactory work, and are 'determined to jtcel in all we do. -- A full asaortmeut of Bay and Sunday School I rizea kept iu Bk)ck. Frames, Chr&moa and Pictures of all klaas 4Uo4i always, be washed every day and the stdek-iing- s liangcjif they are: only airqd and sttnned and then wornjagaio. The old fashioned practice children put their stockings in their , making it b orderly and t;dy is an sbff A i because .'ujihf Altiy,one, as,' is putting one's night clothes Uftthe'pillows; instead of this, put tlicm where Or-djrii- ' 1 price. The feet . Salt Lake City. Is .now sprpai44 for the Spring: Trade, with all the latest" styles of Hats and Bonnete and newest shades-oSilks and Ribbons'. Flowers in endless variet THE FirJE ARTS. i sl' ' . JT.Qrr? fQra the country promptly. resppnped to.'ua is-n- in-sian- 1 Addres Lock Box, 1064. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Cirebf tin Feet. Great eare' should be taken to teep &hi tfcci. thoroughly clean! Some people .taljc.a grwt.dcal about cold fecUnd vica versa, but ;seem )o reflect, but little upon their .cleanliness. .There portion of the body that rrijuircs more The soles of the .. cm iplthxa KSDCct than ithe jeet. feet pqtain large porestbat both' absorb and repel rsta'nd;tho pulse of her children, as there are where chUdren are born with a' peculiarly 1 d W fasfpulse, which of course i?6uld bo Consider: when' there was any ailment, atcording to some of tho Sniost authentic min-I''J;d4lMifatrorii; an ' infant's pulse is 140 beats a n' cfiifd'of sevenr years, about1 70, declining to 'frjait fJomscbre.' !iAt CO if the pulse always ex- tfcd Iihere is a disease of somo part of the sys '(iUi orftrvcr ' pr mflanimation. in consumptn K BARS OipT, Chemical- Director. MATTHEWS & Co.,' JOSEPH VL AGEST FOB RUSSET'S CELEBRATED LIFT fiND FORCE PUMPS. i3 something .which Inability ; io Sleepy-Thi- s should bcj1 guarded "agaiust by cyery possible means. It is one of..tho significant indications of nervous irritability or mental cxcitemcut, and may at any time, "without positivrd earning, result in tho form of nncontrolable violence ithair aqdftup,! IVarruil our Articles Pure. Hre ' i WUITIXG JXI'H), tho best ilowing 'and durable Iuk's ever made. Ono of y a' greater orJess extent. ; ?. (Successor to Mitchell & Jaices,) JuattexVtp .(Highly HATH SAND TABLETS, IncUspensable to the Tuilet and liath Room. 'Jin. - r DAVID JAMES, h HYGIENIC NOTES. people do not HoSeritaai" tiW.cfe&titial perfect ventilation i3 to refreshing J6p5,5T&' bost method is to leave a ,wiiuto..par-mit- j bpeh. .If it is raised a little at theibattoni ncl Tet'db n oven half an inch at the,top it makes a material difference. T.7T A. TpmET SOAP, i bei j i of jam aica g in gek, Perfumecl,) EjsSESCE -- Vhis-mdmij- Yenlilati&a-faD- Manufacturers of , covered . Kn oqk kn ees th e doctor ascribes to the childish habit of sleeping on the side wi th ojic kuce tucked in to th e hollow behind the other; he says he has found that Vhere ope leg has bowed in more than; an.otherj the child has always sleptron one sfde and the upper member has been the one deformed. The preventive would be to pad the inside of the knees soas to keep them apart, and let the limbs grow freely their own way. tek"eareltflfy the frail wrappings .of tho fetid and knock- - s , fat tiftfTUepar ted 'mother! I liveHprecious monieritiltrlh'ing to do all things well, and c.t ;, .: Bow-leg- results arc in consequence of tho child haying been put upon its feet too soon. An eminent physician in 'Massachusetts thinks to the differently; lie attributes bow-leg- s habit somo babies delight in of rubbing the sole of one foot against that of the other; he sa3's:he has noticed some babies go to sleep with the. soles of their feet pressed together, it Is particularly when their feet are naked that thoy enjoy this; they seldom attempt it when in socks or shoes; tha remedy, then, is to keep the baby's soles i iifjl iLEiGs. : BABiEj knees arcamong thecommon deformities of humanity;' it Is generally supposed these f,r!AsI liehtrtlfeelf 'lo tuck the "bedclothes ffibreJcIbsclovr an orpliati ,ehil(J, a thrill pftssed1 through7 my ';mhiaRIo ltfwell; lor ydiv 'do 1 1 fof another whdso hands are fold-I- d !to' return tor her mother du3t. Speak fciH31jvotf those Hp3 are asealedand' that hert beat titt'fwhb would ishbiiTsatcr do 'thatt precious mother lives in the sun 8hino of God, for she was a Saints The ittheiytira'trayfTaod weary;:" is perhaps vrapped 'ln the arms of sleep;' he too is dMd loathe wants of the Uttlo ones. Tstand alohoo a"6t for them both. May God give nte wisdom to do it well. I looked at tho Tbn3 one sleepiUg andi though t: Youioo: are eadt : II. MUX?, SapC' i 1 3? a p o r i BtiEY'i C ARRIVES .! 75, 77 & 79 First SonthtSLato Oitv i 