63 hands, it a would 'be the; height of injusticec tp debat! a more skillful artisan 'from taking possession 6f dti and working it np,ir;Commend;1me to a! good; pilferer. You Tnay laugh at it as a. paradox, but I assure you thejlmost original writers to Incompetent LORD pYKON. An American writer who met Lord Byron at Florence, has leftn some interesting remarks concerainghis lordship, JCHe says, "Lord ByrdnJived then in a street in the rear of the church Santa JViaria Annunziata.! ' ; We commend ' the, following though ts to nfpubWc;-Hai- ; it ever occurred to you 'wKat a pmmeritary upon urciviliiition; la retljQjba m Ied-fro- -- l- m ; ' r ' , , ' ' ' . j -- her-WUh Ex-Minist- er - L- , . . ; '.'v ' , : ? -- -- . , -- '.uumjpn regular dramatic season :Monday ..viV.The Boston " its-34- rfaidvheaher false,'!; as jtrie ;'Tis lo'ver told her that ;sh'q had beautiful hair thl evening, Victorien Sardou's play!. SthpAvith - Ill:' C'J iU: - ism. Jiii ...):. Aug. ;i:Tp write a good love letter.! you ought to 5atrei on lijieein without4knowing ;what,you njean to entiUed4FerreoiL,f...vv?Py ltdibve:rtiniasi same '2Wefjih3f- opened1 h ;i pay,: and finish without knowing what you the New Streetarnf "The1 York" Frank; .niluiypjwrItten.tousseau. ; i ? ZiVi V1 with Maydpersbnatidg". T6dWdjKi.ZThcl n. ' ? X rG6iiPosiTbR, np a report of a setting Globe" has "just opened :with the drama ":' 'fool-seilehorse 'race, said thel were at iiaiy a, conseculi vqj mpnins in w fort ftdid hot alter Iho sense' of the paragraph Fifth venuVTheatre,T p6Xhas -- Byron's Defence op his Plagiar. -- James A. - . -- the coming : one-wa- s up of grams of wheat in bushels of chaff; perhaps I have not been so laborious a searcher, but I have been no more scrupulous thaifho in making use of whatever fell in my Wayv; Mankind; have :been;:writing booka so long, that an author may" be excused for offering no thoughts absolutely newjjvye must select and call IhatJnven-4Ion.- ; xACwriter at 10 present day has hardly any other resource than to take the thoughts of othersand east them into new lonris of aisociatibu and contrast; Plagiarism, to. bo sure, is branded of ,ld; but, it is never hfcldcrlminal except when done In a clumsy way, like stealing among the Spartans. ; A good thought is often, far better expressed at second hand 4 than- - at the first utterance.- - It:a rich material has fcllen In- - 'NeYork''eauty, Is.gqiiig to.'staf. in "Klss-es- " seas6n.V..r-IVIrs- : . ar He allowed, frankly, that he was indebted to the hints of others for someaf the most esteemed passages in his poetry, "I never," said he,yconsidered myself in, terdicted from helping myself to 'another man's stray Ideas. I have Popo to countenance me in this. Pope was a great hunter Gilm6re,sBand..:'ll'i.Minn!ft tPAlmpr: iim tu(e- - o f J : j lively." 11 her1)usiness manager by paying him $1000 .,.r..SenatokBiyard.received the honorary degree 'o(h.ilt. b.i at the recent commencement of; Dele ware State College..:..; Mary A. Liermore and Wendell Phillips were ments ; upon tired t feeti be they lever so tivo of the ' f peakers at Prohibitory Kally, m weary No ;reprimnnt for the soiled and in Jbaneuils Hall, Boston, Mass., Sept. 7th torn garments, no lack of kissesfor the iL..;3rr.-Til- d en and Mrillend rlcksjln their ; let the child beT t le ters of accepta nceV "saidinb i a word about ttiarysln7fac:tut gown in to wonianhood, jet her be j '4 ihe' woman question. :: ' J i - - ?on i t by. the ourge of vrntj what happens? 1 .... "i". FOREIGN, Do Christain 'men iand' women go id quest i of her? , "Bo they 'provide all possible help; The King of Dahomey has threatened to for her return, or If sji e returns of heVqwn kill all the English; in his kingdom The free" yift do they- - receive rsuch Prince Imperial of ; Austria will make a ' d kindness anac her to visit this ' country of two years' duration from Far it; At the to Spain, has ......Gen. Sickles, agilniWanderin as lost lo3t! dnouueed firet;sfeYnfr'vassold his establish men t jn Paris with a view friends we and relatives disown Echo, of returning, to, America..... .The. Emperor you: I : don't ever. xoraer near us tous. William of Germany will, have seen seventy disgrace Y -l - l' 1.1'' '.f j 4r till ... Daa; now, liAJ3i, sayssocieiy, inumerenuy .years, of mill Jary life next -- Nei? TearVs Day me gi,ri: ariui wAjm.f io?i,wrreirieyapiy lost ......In Franco there are six women who are is the prompt.ve 3Cnigiits; of ,ttie Grand Cross of the Legion " 'bne arid 'unite all while ofrt Honor..,;--. ...Mr Duff of Edincburgh in bolting ality, door every thinks he could keep up all the "missions" DetwejiJier ancj moramy. Ah! will not i those lost ones be reauired at our! with: the surplus silk' worn by the ladles, ' ' v ; handsrCEx. J, with which they sweep tho streets,. ....Eiarl Russell called ,or an autumn session of par.fit liament.. .....The Bishop of Lincoln thinks . j SPLINTERS. , tljie Lord should be specially, entreated: in ,1 behalf of; Servia against, the Turfed,.-.- . .Prince Mijan wants peace.. . . ..Three Spanish has. mills .forty cotton, Georgia running' guuboats have .been sent ,out, to Chinese anilsomi dividends fulLtimeandriiayJng waters at the j requqsf ofjthe Spanish Rep-cele-was at. Centennial the. ; ......Jersey Day : ese n tat i ve a t r Pe ki n. brated by twenty thousand citizens of New in Jersey;XlVv;Flahfiofaii7knd? a the East, and bring very high price. ...... PEN - AND SCISSORS. as rha,ving! ;Xarge2Cfbs'fire$! Jairatrepprted raged fiercely lntsayerallace3 in ihe States, ' seen on a former qocasign, and.v7hpm"ih my fancy, I set down as a decided nobody certainly not for aTpbetecpncUy d it i hoa t ; ircfenflijfc jsociety tyvavds UieutV ; A liUlb child Is tr4ys j away froiri her home enclosurer, 'anjf.thej whole community is on the alert to find the wanderer aridreltore it to its mother's ' ' arms. Vhat; irejoicing when it is-- found, what tearful sympathy, what, heartiness of congratulations! iThere are no harsh com- , ing the .total difference, between the real Byron and, all; the portraits of him 'I had, ever beheld,- - The likeness seemed to be "drawn from the 'Corsair. 'Lara,' or Har-ola frowning,; supers thing; but here was an ordinary-lookin- g man, who, if he was not short and thick, was at-- least shortish fand thickish j and. whose countenance ha'd good Humor io Recommend it; but. which, inr spile of a certain regularity of features, I could not think remarkably: handsome; Of his dress I rewas member btrt little;, only his shirt-collnot turned down, as in the portraits, and his pantaloons were strapped close over the feet the lame drawn up a little out of sight, which, I understand, was his usual practice. He conversed , with great readiness, but not at all: in a sermonizing, bookish way. He skipped from one subject to another, broke off Into digressions, left things half said, was often Incoherent, sometimes ungrammatical, and now and then, in spite of his readiness at an idea, was at a lossfor a word to .egress a very simple thing. What he uttered was, in a thousand instances,; better said than if it had been coolly elahoratedby study, yet it was no more than the prompting ot the instant. We talked in -- a rambling stylo for some time, inhe course of which he grew more cheerful than he appeared" to be at first. His countenance struck me as susceptible of a great variety of impressions, and ' his smiie was ih the highest degree engaging; although .the habitual expression of his countenance .when not under the excitement of talk, was .rather sombre than " twomend t James Ham il toa. is $ mpjoy ed pointing a largo picture of San Franci$eo Bay at ,sun- -' set . . . , . .Queen Victoria has enteral upon tho f?r.9. year of her reign.........Slr. Henry make -- afarewell lecture tour in this 5c6untiy: this ; wintefhrrtving in America in October...... John. Bright Informsf the "Red path Bureau" that his" visit to; America is yetiundeter-miped- ; he will not leave home before 1878 vi Levy is preparing 'Casta BlVa" for tv . 1! ; tired spot, with 'extensive and delightful views- - towards the north. He received me with great affability, and feegan chat-- , terlngon all sbrfof subjects, asking twenty questions- - in a - breath- .- I - wass good xl eat on surprised at the first sight of himr-fir- st, discovering that he was the person I had I ' arfeth&greatestithieve t ween the house he occupied arid the Palazzo Zimenes. It it a; pleasant .and ...yeryj.re i rERSOXAU. - - . 1 ;- . ! ; rs er . beetf rarig!JIh dhpiattehde loss pf1ife'.v;;V. The taudarobrfih-prdphe- 7 1 . :. ' t ";,was :fdl3d recently In turkeptha emhfem1 is'black,5 arid1 is only rWt'ieti(,:..The ; displayedln times o( World's Homojpathic I -CJo- the window of a shop,, in the obscure part of London is this "announcement. 'Goods removed, messages taken, carpets ocaien ana poeiry compos xi on 1 any su b 1 4ect:,, nvention,-recently-heldIn-PhiIadelphiaJ ( "U- ' - i: will assemble agaipjfpr4ho 8me,purpose in I'iili fvouNQ iady'in issix-fee- t two 188iy.UAbrrflnl Bctiooli have Jliecome exi k i an4A a half inches Georgfaand . yhen her high, r cecdingJy,popular Jn jCJapada...i . yPreparai "Phou. art so near and tions are ieirig' made for building a handi ni yp.nff ,man :$ingSj ; i0, Jrf ho can: throw more feeling Into some f. granite pyauIfToyer the remains of songthan any' other man in the b'tate. Wm. B. Aitor.L.V.usicaTpr6menades were a"hewmo3-qoit- o ;yery popular in Xondpn the past summef now 01 Keeping me lenient ......Tney-iainetting, writes; 'Thoday is coming nfat "Exposition open until December......... . .Avhcn we shall Bit under our nets In church the discom. Giimoreis Band ' will begin; to pLijr inew f j anrf sj Umber peacefully Musical .The fitted flies' club together and take It oiitof Fei England f v ' 1,1 . ; K -- - er; Clival at Phlladelphia'wlllj begin :Sepi' 20. j 1. - j the-ministe- r.' " 1 ; 1 ' 