WOMAN' SEX PO'NEN,T. For the Bstojtekt. . I left Salt Lake City Nov. 3rd and teturm ; , toh: Hills DalpS j j Mammoth, Glendale, Orderville, Mt. Car-.- mel, Kanab, Pipe. Springs, Androvs Ranch, Virgin City, Duncan Retreat, Rock ville, Tokerville, Leeds, Harrisburg, Washington, Middletown, St. George, Clara, Pine Valley, V-- J v i . j--j . r, Pinto, Harmony, Ivanarra", Hamilton, Summit Parowari,' Paragona, Bener, Adamsville, Minersyille, Greenville, Indian Hlmore, Holderi and Scipip.i I. was ? conveyed from Ce-da- : 1 placelQ-placft-b-yJ 1 o . before, nor do I think the world can boast of such noble intelligent, young ladies as I saw In those settlefine-looki- ; directly pn the ridgo , ground was freei from brush or undergro wth, leaving the, tall stately vpinesMWitingfor the woodman's axe. j This ;was a great treat as the country for hundreds of miles is dps. tituto (timber, only as it is found hid away in the hills, pre iias .been a great drouth season and tho gra3s ;was .all dried up, this and the stopk was driven off for better .i land; especially in thpj region of VFilJ- -, more.! In QrAeryille, there js an organised n company numbering 29 men 37 .women, and 09 children, organized under the presidency of Howard Q. Spencer, and ifmuscle and- ' sinevY; represents; wealth, 1 .thought it j, was well represented by these hale, (and hearty . looking men, whom, JJ breakfasted with. The. women were spinning and Reaving, and the men were thrashing out th.eirgrain, they eaid their harvest had been very heavy and all seemed happy with their prospects of future success. Long Valley is more like a canyon than a valley as it is so narrow it will not admit of their spreading their borders very much. Kanab is elevated and the climate is much like the New England States, the soil is of a reddish hue. ; . i K :i u l i . v ?n ) I iWflf i .Qcpasipnally warm friends of early life. I'tound inysel bnricd in;ltiro lend.ond of our old ;fdsliionbd'far-.'- S who seeniod 1p ,;lAr blessed A?. J- passed - ; ? i , v ; i& .t 1 :! 11 ; gODdf'naturp'for r licirr r : 1 1U - Jf6d-iialurcdly- 'r lioft children tike .herself, her ' clean that: I order and an' ' "-- '. v '"' . , 'Rbad- - .l - . .not : . ' ' . !..;.- - . ' , . ?. " - J , ' :inceVcaUod-.iipbnth- : 4 - audleft the bank,, , ;..MtMft, w ,Vi..t .But he did not let the matfer, rest hero. to all tho rlpnnt. -nftnta - j and tplpfrranhfid i -r ZZ o 0 and conductors on the road to reject tho bank.- -' W 7 In a few hours the trains began to arrive, full of panic, andbringing news- - of the bank .all, along the distrust pf:t the; -- - 1 j i ; J - '.line Stockholders, ,anj3 .deppsftprs .flocked 'tb.taCvbank''.quakitigj wjfh panic inquiring vJbat. Js, . r the matter?, Is. .the bank . t py the ' officers showed trbu that originated in' thby rej ect ion o'f'ttiV bills' on the. ranroad'.'he'presidetit seizeu nis nac anu rusnpu fyovn 10 inc tVH ' arid came ker's bmce!,; bursting ip Vithlte :: m i 1 u- v little inquiry .A,"the: bl e: 5 j I ; ::Mr. K - 'infiUirVij ;:v-;- have youdlrecfed; tho currency' birydur agents ' wan the tuiet"replyL- 1 ; j r ; ! ; 1 ;4 t iltWhy is thitrtirwiU rniTi'u'J bank n'V the i ''Welly fnerid'LiiiIIupposcd it rcouldtnot Tone v r a -little paper for us this morni n g!V,, : It is needless to jsay;r31rJ 1 renewed all the' Quaker's. j papers,- arid enhrged his line of, .discount.- ;- while the magic :wires .carried tall' a ro.u n d t he, ; ? oal the sedative -- i "Yes' -- was going; to'.failf as . - : . : : a .message;?,. .; bank. is all. rlghtr Thee may ."The W tako all its currency. ,,,,.5 . v ')ften i - e . ! '.'y - r.--' at ' - .it - ' n ! i ad- Merest, ' i: -- b. the functionary:, ;! j o v "Mr. K , your paper must be paid at , , , maturity; we cannot renowrit.";'., the etiseand She lakts !a - 'on' g. bank,3vith'f which the' road, kept a large regular account, and asked for Jan extension ofpart :of its paper falling due in a few days;' ' .The bank president declined rather abruptly, saying, in a rough tone to V- -r . V some years sion 1 ; e; ' z- and was jjurnishwltt horses Werecailed Pixie' horses, and' as they that 1 began to jimb the ledgejn ascending, the fridge thatubound3 ; tlieWest fsidejof St. George; they' reminded .nio of dmQlSVell- trained &pats, arjd tHel the clumsy Am erlcan horses,- - confd always find a place in, the rocks; but before I .got over that day's, journey, of 45 miles, Bro. Forter furnished me With' a span of hor.?es that rapidly flew over the remaining t wPlve miles. In Pine Valley wre had quite pi snow storm, the summer season is very short here,. and they have 'very late and early : r'.- - Quaker president on i 'Pennsylvania t railroad, duringt the convul- PinujcommejniajmyxJicmiew ? the Spirit rof 'iMr;i-the'- " If rI never returned rio?it asaln:At',this: i i ' f pas--itu- re - XASMABiT QUAKElt.' ; , ? j ,'1 f o i j nus. marri-ageaD- le ng With- ings at tho intervening "places 'including Nephi, at which place I Was furnished with a conveyapce which took me to, tho Termi , t i cprrespnemljcli ments where I visited; they appeared neat and teleanV.corafortibIy dressed !but plain and as ithdughtheir better judgment guided .them.: n The ruggedness: of the country and , their surroundings showed jthat! they had labored and encountered mueh-,tmake ..their" homes, but yet with; it all there seem-ve- d to be such :a welcome, - paellpw, brotherly: and kipdly? feeling, unliko the;? mixed .element of ,this'ciyT where purjclpportment is characterized with so much, fprmality and coldness; and I ielt though I Uttlo;cared or isummit,i;and the i . foun d t herb by the1 nalhp of McLeland, such 'h calni and Oh ; placid expression upon tier cotintenahce thatall mothers could bury their frowns and cares beneath such a smile which so well became" her aged face; she showed mp a shawl and other articles thatshe had manufactured from her own raising of silk. I never saw ir r many arid tfie powerful testimbrijr he bore I "a nbblef spiri ed Woman than nrrivnrl of "cit'I S6qiety,Si3terlIviiis Topics ant! em'i'of fp.-terest'were con versed "Some of the siktcrs accompanied .me to the 2:Clai6;n6t'rlElnl t T hoivses,. one of them a animal Was' callecl -- scbrcKel as find Kftfih Wirnrifl 'M nrn5! Whll fMlIfne ls"tno"noxt iarge" , wasi ac- iihe-lbPkiiif- : with, tho greatest cordiality and .respect. Br. Segmiller took one to all fpC the settlp- mcnts of. Sevier ; Cq.v being :a . d istanco of about lfO, miles. .He; idiyexyi. epiritedfand is There the people were greatly satisfied with their abundant harvest and they wore working rnioniously in thp United '6rfer$he roads were fine and tho weather was settled until I began trayeUng. through Kane. Cp. there the .roas were broken, rough and sandy. While I was passing oyer into Long Valley I was delighted with a forest of .tall pines averaging from 50 to 100 feetr high, anjfl.frpm 3 tp 6 feet through. I, was, told that .this forest exten.dedj;25 by ?36iniies, As wtlf a cjiangp jbT tho Saints in meetings. There was ganizeu af socieiy oi young. ,iauiea oi ou.i .inchibersi by ; the: presidentprThe Relief peoplendw.as--m- e ; hhofifhfnr nhhvftvnnnpa &j or- - t i i pifeasurpln"tfifi6clto (Jays"6T unallbypd . r esteem of everybody, around t them. At i lienner, anpther. large f settlement,: stayed and held two n meetings, and some of ; the . sistersaccprapaniedr mo tp Minersyilje and we had a season of rejoicing together. Bish- ir opMurdockJYVaided y; mp rin Tl telegraphing ' s J " . : -- largo ,hall. awaiting my afriyaL. If the 'Queen orEngland had arrived donthin: thailsheicoula habeen' moro" jHearty ,.welcp;9e : spent f a ppiiple ,pf : -- . i ;'.respted'.byl'tha'sistoi;JBishopSmith,s mother Avho is very aged,fis ono?of : those lovely old ladies that fiWia .the:respectvand . M Creek-Kanos- : Toker-villean- ed on Dec. 11th, having traveled about 900 milesf I held forty.fivo jneetjngs; passed vjl : - MY VISIT SOUTH. . ;operate in their efforts in building up the 'Kingaom. At 1'arowan, another principal city, Br. Jesse Smiths isthe Bisliopr;and his wife' is president of theSRelief Society. auiu,iuu miuiiieut liiuurur uuu mucn house in the deepest of sand, I looked di' rectly over the fence and saw- a beautiful and vineyard, such striking flower u contrastgarden iadjoining each ptherw ' As I "passed d looked back on oh tp St: George these little places and was forcibly reminded of a passage of Scripture referring : to the saints being hid up in the moun, Stains while the indignation of; the Lord .passed; oyer thp: i earth. Arrived a W S Georgo after dark and found. Bra Erastus Snow and the Saints, all congregated in a v- .... X-- " - do'Wo :ution J. think when we. ought ''to id act whe lt behppves us to reflect; st frequently as fataL 03 : rash-- ? 