W 6 M AT For the ExppwrifT. , tjf.- - ! -J- THESE LINES, .SCRIBED ..... ;: . 7J.T' . TO MY FEIENI),EM3IA;E. ' Not alone when Summer breezcg ; ; o'er tho, meadows and the lea! . 1: . ; Softly fan tn? verdant grasses, ' " Art thou a true friend to mc; . - s ix But when Winter-darand drcar. Afx n 'lias cast en nature's iaco a glopDii r: !".' ,Then though lcy,biows the alr ,,. The flowers of friendship bloom. r 1 1 . : s ; ' - , informed young ladies, who would very de- cidedly 'differ with "you on these points.1 But if I am to 'retain ;your friendship,' so graciously 'offered,' by allowing myself to bo believed a' womhn and::not 'otherwise',!'-cordially submit; and' can assure "you, you are at perfect liberty to address rao as sister o instead of ' brother, if it better suits your delicate! fancy. - For my; own part I;eannot discover so grave a difference between the general characters of mcnand those of women, as some people seem capable of doing. If I am myself a man, my : .nearest .natural relative my mother was a woman, and if I am a womana man must have been my fatherafterrall. If tho editors of. Roman's; Exponent allow all this a: place: in their jcohimn3, 1 trust you will ; not .discard me altogether, but will have the goodncs3 to write agiiu. , 7 Respectfully, t; i, f.-ut IN-- T " :. RE AFFECTIONATELY, , r ' " . 4 " ."J : ' Cbasd each other o'er my pathway : n.ThoU art still my faithful friend. vfj u u 5i iiOiNot aldne when stars are beaming, , , .f Shedding rare and sweet effulgence, Bringing back my youth again. ..jUutwbeij night all dart and jstormyi j . . :.. And in doubt e en prayers ascena, ' ;,t t V. In imy soul I feet assurance ' ilJ; That thou art indeed my 'friend.' 'ynd ' ' :i ' .. Ti f . , Not alene when hope in freshness, '; " . ii 1 Lingers brlght'aound'my, way, i - U iit-- Whispering of ,a preUtenw ealma day! :; ,;- .jii toFar beyondT and dark ; threatening But when sorrojvs ' ' defend dnish iuy heart 0," Heaven " ;; Be thou strong in ; ' ' r Ever true tIM time shall end. ' j IIAXGING-BASKETS- March I5ih, l876. i - : i ' - it' If e tipandspill thorvater. OLD MAID IN TUB CORNER. i Jiiiiir'iiri. I'had given yoli upl and had ceased ..to enquire' of my aunt it anything appeared in her last paper from "myxoid: maid;" when, - i , It mayalso be . tho : Exponent containing f description of yourself, and synopsis.ofryoHrlirwas spread before FLOWERS. e; ? me)i;j,sU .hu.h-n--r- t but: -- '"-J i - : .tTpjmee.t.iyqu fairly, X suppose 'i.-- reI should - v v"-- . ciprocate, ;iuw givu- juu , pyiv not 'am good at cfirnjng, myself.; l(But( .1 (. lieiC in which I sed you are drawing burl Ain,,intav1 'n oYnpf 'Rn'T hone voU "tvill ek-- s cuse nib on iiis point. But I shall be nappy i to correspond with -- you on any subject which7! naay be aj)le tot treat with some de; il Cil ;i gree of satisfdcti'6n;'rli- , , , . ! ' Do you Vhatisyour favorite pursuit? like music, painting and! poetry ? AVhat do you think of history, philosophy,:to or religion? Do you pay any attention politics?! Can I please1 )oi by writing and' encourag- : ihg you! to write upon either'of the subjects raentionedj or 'any other?5 You' may bo and. . (" adversity." ; ; As malarious air. may endanger q good ' constitution,' so bad " companions endanger a ' ' good character. , iThebe is no just action, no kind word,' no obliging demeanor, no chastity, no hb's-- , which pitality that springs from sclGstiness will npt- have its penalty, inasmuch as it; 1 - f - -' corrupts the character; and there is no kindness, , r no forbearance, no generosity, no charity that springs from disinterested which has not its remuneration, for it makes m"en better, nobler, and purer; -- ? , "A Utile iioascnso now and then Is relished by the wisest men" 'V. ;Vet sober thought li rcqublte ?fr 17 . . - ' : X ' Hih'niorals tocreatef truth alone, e'ea wlis must owe," - And Is good and great. noble, : . certainly should till I!L1 I11.1LL7 Uil . i !m frieud?hipof fx . feel highly compli- - 4A.Av& have the pleas- and Itrust.tho. -- j. vr?.lintrlligent: and fl'ell, j tho 'ascendency. uroof the acquaintance mill, r- : PInisant Grove. March 13th Oxford Oneida 187G. . Some fill conspicuous places, some mako tho places they till conspicuous. Honor is 'but the refl hm of a; man's own actions shining bright in tho' face of all about him, arid from thence rebounding up-- ' on himself--Sout- n WOIAN'S VOICE. Co., March 50176. When our dear- little children are prostrated with slcuneps, wo aro fearing and estrembling lest they should not rccovpr, pecially if wc arc alone wit !i them. It ap. is pears to bo natural, but; tliur motliers it not tho right way. When you sec 3Tour child is sick, do not get frightened, and 3our nerves all upset always waiting so that the Evil One who near, cm have power pver; .you and child, but go to your Heavenly Father with a humble heart and ask Him to forgive you 'of your sins; for who of us are without sin,7 and strengthen your faith that the Adver. sary may be rebuked. Then go to your child with Strong faith and lay your hands upon the lilllo head, and rebuke the i't t!;ru?iQ of Jr;?U3 Christ ftV-.- . i our thoughts, and by seeking lifter Ilim in humble prayer, no Win enlarge, our; so that' we. can comprehend more c -clqarly the work that is for us to perform, that we mav bo helnmces to bur husbands in rolling forth this great ' work of salvation in these the last days; l am but young, ' the glorious princiyet I feel to rejoicO in ' JLord revealed for the has ples which' tho salvation of His children; and feel to bless my parents every day that I li ve for instill- ing these principles in my mind iin child, i hood. I think that many of Us while young, uo not realize iiiai u ia uur "V" wu i'aiviuo aro seeking when' they persuade us to go to for meetings instead of going out walking bewo when amusement; but in after years, come wives and mothers wo realize it more iully; I have proved this in my short experience, and' I think it Is also the experience of a great many. Let us as a united bq.nd ot sisters improvo in every xuiug iui ia k"1 that we may bo fit instruments in the hands of God in fulfilling His wiso purposes, and a, in elevating the. perform our work faithfully V: w '.i sphere of Iwoman, c ( ri -- I?think that the Exponent is an excel-- ., lent paper and may it receive a wider circu-(- 1 lation among the sisters, and accomplish tho good work for which it. was started., .This is thQioarnest prayerof your sister in the Gps-.- '; be-ncyole- ( sure I have 'a desire to interestyou, wilKehdeavoVto do my; best inl discussing whatever you 'may chooso to name. I shall howeverf. prefer to bb somewhat in earnest ovon if j;ou' continue to write in fun., . : nrt vmt HUHkB to write or talk seriously? I hope you prefer doing so sometimes;. forr although , t TiiE affectiotii of a woman are like pearh often thrown' up by the stormy ocean of - " - Wandermg Jew' or, anything, that will grow in water, and thus add to the beauty 'of thebasket The many advanta: ges of this arrangement aro obvious, filled with this:; evening vouri-remarkabl- : tl1flxafn on1 2 j f ni t (i thri unuer-standin- gs : ? ! rtflfl rohMm fhfft us, the better will wo bo ablo to convey ? ; T ffkf1 4kr the knowledge Vwhich God has given unto : ' " T , th nurn mlnrl ; r City-- might bo. ablo. might be edifying byhejSpititLjQOilI to write a few lines that Hal. . to somc,and that would also tend to develop 1 holy-friendship- s;?Ii I havo for a long time been wishing that I IldV TO !1 WATER Set in the middle of the basket or. suspend over i t a deep vase or broken gobl e t, which should bo kept full1 of water. IiTtrie water place one end of three or four cotton or ' worsted cords, and drop Iho' other end of them on different parts ' of the top of tho r I basket. ' The capillary attraction will causo a constant flow of tho water through tho' strings, the number of which - may? bo; increased or diminished according as more or less moisturo is;eeded: ; Tho v vase, of i fastened so. as it ..will not course, must-b- i 4 ; FLORAL HINTS. , : the-name-of i 5 "t-'- - . ; ; sisters, ligion from hour to hour and day to day, so" J Liialwu may iikji uu juuuu. duiiuu . 10 j Jesus.i desiren T). E. Dudley. 'v KifkndTifeatDTOondr"t i lit HUU VU1U glUIlUa 4U tUiUjJiUiouu iu vnu arid- - welfare . of her children. - Thercforo let us all try and livo our redear -- gteama Brightly odm path ofUfe, :r Bringing health, and joy and pleasure : . : . .,With no thought of care or strife; But when angry' clouds of trouble" 1G3 Our children are given to us dear sistersr and w;o must,keep our hearts prayerful each moment we live and ourselves freo Irom sin so ' that Bwe can hold them with firm faith; they arQ committed to our care and wo should if possibler bo equal t to i every emergency Is it not important then that wo should Hyo! nearf unto God and carry with us thankful hearts all tho year round? What mother cares for this world's riches ; T alone when sunshine rNot i J ii . k A.tTBUB.FmEiNp.?r...,.-.- : 'S.EXPONEK T,.' lr ur j-o- dc-ilth- m h. TaVerb' is an emanation from the heart : In genuine hospitality which cannot bo de- scribed but is immediately felt, and putst the stranger "at onceat his case. Washing' :' 'r ton Irving. ;( !i f Joiin'O. ' WIiU'(eV ha5 a statuettb pt iler'; ' : ;' in Charles Sumner's library It was pre- sented io the poet by the sister of Mr. Sum",; ': vs: rier. , :.;: '. '; ' Tiie poet jioorer whoso verso is so singu- 5. larly mellifluous, liquid, facile, has remarked that "labor is tho purest of all tho lasting wonders of the .world, whether In verse or, 3Vme, whether poetry or Tamitls."; ; 