' " :' '",. ' YYY-:,-- .."''..' " ' "X VX-'?-. - lJb. Grm, on:Wliat;we recitations and J.Midgeley. ' ; Some of the songs were very aely executed. V In5 the evening the young people enjoyed them selves' in dancing."- Such Inibus 'are::bene-- v flcial to the people young and old; bringing Yf. those' together whdaV6 full ofthe" spirit of the work of the Latter itaysj and : assiniiiatihgfthe spirit of benevolence with that of sociability and enjoyment. r i; i I " y. C'1' . . what fhould LIBERTY. bi-done U Liberty is a principle which ail loyeAto enposjoy, and a priyilg-Jivb: i sess, andnone jfijiQufil 4iinder.- Xhb "'Lord: , has placed ns upon this tabi fable globe that ,; wa might act upon pu will in keeping His.cQtnmaQidments;;. H w?..;. - of our own:baods;and hyisq doing ve ih all find our time well improved IndeetU r ; V k I 7 yjrst Ward. t 1 133 our lime in Ieariilng to make our clothing tlxat our apparel may bo the work .!-'.!'- i ESSAY. N E NT; Iet usfimprqya Y; - ; 0 to-morr- ow ' to-da- M irriE : : f i HEAD BEFORE THE .YOUNO LADIES RE. .TRENCnMEMT ASSOCIATION OF .THE TIIIR- ' TEENTH-AVAR; V.",, , r n;7, v; : i EUZfiVJIvATE AUWOKTU. . , y, Funeral ' l.t consider the' birds pt tlie air, their ireedom, is t'one of thk;f leading 'principles pt their around rath , actions, tKeydoypy to be caged iiilibwsefXorjtho pleasure of theroccupants.; It' i3 similar, with us. I ask.libwttar itr'jl extended among:; the world of 'mankind In geyeralf Ho w irnany Y, there are that bind heavy burdens upon the shoulders 6rthilffellow..creatUres.'V;Yet it ;is a princinlethails much: boasted oMn this-- ; enlighteriefd nlY, There aro sys--f and are terns of religion tliat exist, popular, which In beir ;yery . Infancy upbntneir votaries, : ; History;'-OrItu-Rt- v ermox ax d "Ben edic- - T10N. HISTORY D. I' think re aitrealke thai George aud Muttie Reed occupied ti warm plucq in'thp friendly, corner ot iiq" heart; .so when they. brought no a gldbc Jng two pretty gpld ,y them Peofge uid "YyL in pUcingiis God - i before the; end ' ' ' '" tht liave left beenraes ; , ; ; pt X-:h- onei'aja1j'"ray.faith, which He Hve ;"ln'Hiraeroy,alpwe as we should tliit'wy ;Win become a stream of .: , Jight to guide us back to pur Eterhal :ll".me. this light? living to xirArejeJjkino :r o4 : : j ' ;i earn the ;pp5iJtions:h"afeft?.r surrounded as weare by tbe temptations of .tbis world, its ob- joys and pleasures, have w forgotten the ject wnicn orougiu iwivi mind the glorious, rest wmcn ,et3 keep inafter the toil and labor is over. is awaiting usr "And s each day passes, dra wing us nearer our home; make it our aim to live the next day more faithful and itrue; tolthe principU s that ; 1 birds, ahd fish and: flowers, for they will all live again and in the again .they.w)!! un derstand our. language, and vo will under-- I sfcitrd theirs; Let thepa,have .no pausp to accuse us. then. of thoughtless. disregard. A goldfish's spirit is undying asthat of Earth Which furnishes us nn :abiding place; Mrs. King's and yields. ns sustenance, as lis as (tip I immortal cherished flowers, or Jepjritof man. v;- ,, .,;; '.. j -- - fi- - j la-iMi- ps or fashion would do well to imitate her private life, mlVould be less afilicted witii ; : " '. r e w.li'ea -- -- I i I J. 4 1 talk-','!.ln- cnnuie.!'; A'VIU v TiiEHonl Mrs: Norton whose approach Is Ing marriage to Sir W. Stirling Maxwell ' announced in London, is rather advanced "JIn years for, a'bride;; being now. sixty-seve- n ; yeArsJ61d:, ,Her" grandfather i' tho cele--' brjited dratnatls; orator and t statesman,xTJTrtifird Brinslev Sheridan.' Her first: marChappie Nortoif, took riae to Ifoff;: Gebrgo hair a ccnturyago, .in iso. : place nearly Sho wai a preciotts rhymester, and a volume of her juveblio poems .was published in 1820, when George IV. had just begun to reign, ; ; - -- i certainly an estimable Jadyj individually, and does not depend;, upon her. position as Queen ; for diffni ty , or no bll i ty. You ng . : There are man subjects that all can improve BKNKDITION.. .: . ;; i ivupon and iikewisbf many Hiags;;it Js not ' Our FatheFand'3Ibliiet;jR;rHiyeri Wo dress alone but' we carr 'retrench i a ppeaking ' as are necessary evil and in 'others things that thee tp bless the littles Vpy$ and'giris Vpray iKf 'kMnsiirn Mattio Gol'dfiSh's body as those of whciii! have 'spoken; W heed to retrench W, backbiting above all other things, j for further funeral libhors, and for burial. g whenuse also' tn any Wprdl Te; There are .Wilt Thbuliks outynudiencp (Exponent are' iiotj Very becoming;, .lirahyj of us 'READER3.yAn(lnay.th;Q departed spirit float "J ihat 3. thfnk it makpsus tobk sniaVty bu it'eioea not I to tbat.Mhpr s.ro and be safely ' pleasantly Into pomo streanijor lake 'that adorns , assure you. If njn, nots"p'erfec 'aTshould j; guided with the restbrjrou; letv: : thepiantitibn-Belnffprepabe, but I can iiopi-ov" us retrench in wasting oar time; many times wo sv that we have not time to do thus and so; but we. must try. to use our time to betUr C.J to mean vol say do; we do; J advantage than ) Corre5pondentii.VTiUug.oyer earned sig-- ; th'isbuUC piece like we ai are that natures must make.known; their .jiames ;to -do in one hpur.and of work to dojtbat 'we could or no attentioni'vUJej;fven to the ' Editor, reshould we , t should: take, two, that is , what Jhbircommnnication5'.! ?i :;.:if :;:; our us teach will tkecn and it jninds trench in, ' accom- ;!OuEENfVictoria of Great Britian, person ally conducts a Sunday School for the children connected with Windsor Castle." She is rected or renewed earthfwhereindwelleth I righteousness; arid TecetveUhe keys of our I Eternal Mansion, we'tnay confidently, look amid our surroundings td flnd all. specim oris havdr encircled; within the of life that-- ' 1: ; : : i ladius of bur love. -- RETRENCHMENT. , and Is expert In de- plished Jsigningfasrwelf 'imitating. She occupies her time durinr ih day In art studies, and seems wholly absorDep in tnem. 7 v . we infer that when vje conie in possession of our. portion, of; resur- S. L ('i y. - The Princess Louise is a most rieedie-woma- h,' i, - This being true will lead us to Life Eternal. - so-call-ed 1 " -- - Such a state ; 5 ; a;Ula'nk;vjBod,'litfKt'.js'1with-drawexce- '.': . i fsopiiWnjoy:the. restiK"" from usiW step Our knowledge is lorlhlntq' Jliis; Fife, and 'the ;pne whicn we ; V lioOiarifeHment and even "death. ; tliorris by; the WAysid?', withdrawn, we in jour blindness .lxajl grap .un, knowingly juiitil. made aware of our mistake hy tlie sharp sting; of. regret which will follow. Still His worts lifcaihgre! and we ;fu!l ofljiope arid faiCh ar eager totegin, J;liat we may the ' i t h eaeens tdbi ed meal van ( the; briars; and when His light is i Tan havenTtbucKah' extehtthatlf not' t com plied wth they have suflered the pain 6t things exists more or Ie3$ at I saw, the fchadow t of approachin g death, i ' iia present time 'among those who4 wear 'the garV of religion , and style, themselves ,z(the globe wasniufe:ijdrequeriU - Christians! But we as Saints of God ought the cracker more hneJy, pulverized, but ail ; to be thankful thatwe live in aland where -- ; j' availed nothing. ..7 '.7 V'r t ' under tho laws of thel present constitution, After three, days sickness Mattie folded rwe can enjoy; the dictates f our jowd con-- ; of : her gillsilpsely andsank ;to the;TbOttom ' scienceBut yet there are;many who would her 'crystal HvoHd; while George circled . Hke tb deprive lis of these rights, and work above apparently Unconscious that anything ; ' very hard to do sb; arid strip' us cf what fsad had occurred : This is , we possess. liberty I But FUNERAL' pEUMO.N.: 'l r. :Vif we'serye the'Iibrd a:nd;eentre our minds " His king-- 1 Vand objects ;for building : ' My "I WitvorV lead ink ; thought, rnliv bo dom. Ho will control all things for oar good. fbuud in a chbir'puY rtehtly publiiied in liny we bofalthful and;t)rayerful in dill VtheAIorning'Heryd',1 ,;":;'"i''1;;i 'I ", Y; ' gentlyr "'performing bur .present' duties, and aI brcatlicd uausht but love ou njr.tlowcrs." r: assist brio another In; the, Most Holy Faith, .:.. VI;- . in tiio name of Jesus. j'f is my carped7 prayer ; i jITI ImVe;no congmtiprofMirpqts. peers, , Sliss Jase Frewix. . J (shoals Of fish) to address,;; they ; s. L,aty;, ::;? "V;;;:'-, , (would not understand jiijy, language. to boys and gjrjSti large and small, I I Ki "0"' HVOMAN'S RECORI) El r say, tenderly regrUonl life evpnfc that of resist-e- d ; , J?eing scatter e is;rea-hed- ; i rr Qn:mptn i n tlie patbs jthat Our eyes are, opened; v We must walk,'thejburdens jthat must f bV 1 f ' d to-da- y, 1 i to be. so-calle- v l :we-se- . -- upon this' earth hail an1 object- in vi"w, a work fbr u? to accomplish, that was planned and commenced in the age that have passed, to be finished in the coining future. It was but a short time since, that we were in Hipresence, " wrapped i n the'-fcoy i i gh t of His 4ookf wi th j 6y and gladness worshipping our Creator; and to earn a right to the p!ace which; "we held and ' show our obedience tcrHis' will, we are'reqiaest-- .. ed to go and do His work. ' , , Goldfish - ' :j.:;;rX'X"iX; '.'' areoing; an'dioHo,savex time and never It ave for : f : i WO M&K? SX E X P 1 Excellently Well,especi ally the rendering of the ; - .. S v,-'- "- L of the and James' Monroe was 'President ; widely known United States. Her most : was tho ! nbe til ' B ihgen bn thb Rfilne men o w U3iuiiu schoolboy.ucciamauon-01 , 1 physical beauty; uniting mascu' line force with feminine deiicacy.,,"J 'leclual-an- d . 