99 ,. For the ExrpaExi. AUTUMNAL THOUGHTS. r.r. to humanity to witness, that ho asked the lord to close it up. We can see, from what has passed, that the predictions of the Sor vant of God,- have been fulfilled to the letter. He has now called on thoffiomen of Zion to purchase and fako care of wheat, and I hope wo may act with wisdom, that the blessincr'of God may rest upon our"la bors. We want to decide hov to procure the grain and take care of it; 'and whether we will act in Wards or in a general capacity; we have been told that there is room in the Tithing Office to store it. Rut perhaps some of tho Wards have a good place - The sad days come , , Wbjbn to the tomb Are borne the iweeteet flowers, Which when In bloora,-Threrich perfume A r o u nd this home of eurs . As types ef Heaven, Those fragrant, beauteous soul's delight Is the cheering sight They shed round summer hours. ' They have a voice fkmere!-M- y -- 1 - And to my braiT In sweetest strain, From which I sigh to part Cllfnra ftf nim"tfrtir1 nn nrtllln. they can to carry out counsel. A moment, I Kcflect and sigh On the young eyes Tvo seen closing. And one stands chief, In bold relief, Departing with the flowtrs I We laid her down In bet tlpral crown And returned to forsaken bowers. cou i u do p u renascu. Mrs. W. East: expect Mrs. Horne can tell us where wo can buy wheat, when ebo returns from the South. I have been told that the brethren residing in tho country places, aro awakening up, and see the utilily of saving grain, and it may not be. a very easy matter for tho sisters to procure it. Wo held a meeting in tho 14th Ward a short ' time ago exclusively for this ques tlon. The sisters feel the importance of tho mision and will do all in their power to accomplish it. We feel that the Lord will open up the way for us to get wheat; and that he will bless us in our efforts. Mrs. v Elizabeth Goddard: I have heard that wheat canr bo bought for a dollar a ' bushel; and I think it would bo well to take Hour also, it can be kept good, in sacks for a v 11 ca t Whentho resurrection Oh! . ' Restores perfection day of consummate beauty For it we can wait Yes, at any gate ! IUkkaii T. Kixq. r GENERAL MEETING OF CENTRAL AND WAKI) COMMITTERS, - ON ; Mrs. E. S. Barney: THE CHAIN MOVEMENT. The,meeting was held in the Social Hall the 17th,of November 1876. Called to order, and opened with prayer by Mrs E. Howard, resMcnt of Central Committee, Mrs. E. B. Wells, remarked as follows- "It : !s very generally understood that this meet. ing Is called to discuss the Grain Question It would be well to lot our j thoughts and ; wordy be concentiatcd oh the subject; we want to make the best use of bur time and ' . uso all dispatch, that the sisters may get ; hoinain good season. Wo would like tho I residents of Relief Societies, to let us I Know what their fd J1S3i & Snow said: If is a very i,n.; portant occasion that has Mlln,i o probably such as never occurred the earth before. The ' Lord, hiT through piict, has called oil tho mothers in T6Mipro Ware for a famine, 'which makes the sub- jject we are called On to discuss a grave one jVVe are well assured that tho time is fast ; : -- cept. j ' , . 1 hew ! Thp a ? woftS NalIonal capacity. Our if we will not may como to us for help orT'lebTteed, t me' and U of Such naturetncl7Ul( bo distressing and revolting can report from were distressed with an early 'frost, which destroyed pearly all their wheat; but1 feel sure that wc can' make this business a 'suc-;' 'cess." Mrs. R. Grant: The 13tlr Ward intend saving grain: We have had a largo bin offered us for that purpose, which wo will ac-- : on woould X I three counties where they have 7ri6 grain for sale; Morgan, Summit and Wasatch, ! j . ' ; . : wards. Miss E. B. Snow said: What I havo to gi ve, I intend putting it with the bulk. I know no separate intorest. I hopo energetic sisters will be appointed to attend to it; one or twovin each ward say, or a commit, tee bo formed, as may seem necessary. . -- - - . r this work, butyjust at tho' present, time there aro no funds in the Treasury Mrs. M.,M. Hyde, 1 7th Ward said; Wo intend to jjuild;a hall for tho use of our Society; when we heVrcl of this grain business wo talked tho matter over, and think of making the hall smaller, and putting up , , . ; . j , " "l ner.-' 1 ; ' ',,,::nf-i'- It .was suggested that It has long been sprrjachbd that; :tho . . Society. Mrs. Savage said: In the 20th Ward, thoy intend doing ,tho best they can to help in Mrs. E. B, Wells , remarked : I prcsumo all the boards of the Belief Society will cooperate in this work, and I think It will bo well for us to unite. lura, Vuaao oi uic i&r yaru: 1 nave talked on this' Pubject in our meeting, and we intend to" unite with the rest in what ever plan they may suggest. I have a large bin In yfaick fgeM amount : of wheat could be Btored; perhaps all wo ' could get this yeaK .Wo havo quite a number of poor, but will be able to: help some in nil good calls. At ono time my husband put up a good deal of wheat but after conio timo tho weevil spoiled it. Bat I hope wo can plan somo way to take care of that which Lint i jnrii win n p n wnn ,n ' r It was then moved nnd seconded- - that a general committee be appointed to purchase, but that. will not hinder' wards from hav. ing ward committees, ' n Tho following; ladies were elected as a purchasing commit tee: ..Mrs. E S. Barney, Mrs. E. Howard, and Mrs..;S. Jtf. .Kimball. Mrs. E. B,,AyeJl3;saidiJJt ,evpry sister secure and ;storo away;? every; bushel , of Svheat that it is possible-forher- . to obtain. She also said, ,lt will be, necessary io have a Treasurer in some central place., . Mrs. P. M. Staines was sustained ,0s Treasurer It was proposed that a record' be kept of the. proceedings In, each ,.ard, every name ; and donatfon; put down in1 a distinct man, - brethren should prepare for a day Of famine; it now seems as if tho. women were to havo a hand in it, and I hopc; the. Lord will give us strengft h to perform our work nobly. "Mrs. Sarah Howard: I feel it is a priv-ileg- o the LOrd haa given us, and we will .try bo and united in itv Eormy part 1 will try and do all I can, and I feel that the Lord will open a way whereby wo can obtain grain, although ,it is late in the season. Our Retrenchment Association has commenced a fund for that purpose,1 wew will work n concert with the 20tR Ward' Tllfnf ; I think that if Bichards: U. an amount could bo piocured, and I think would be better than, beinjr mixed un in I long time. y . .1. .H - -- With pleasure and not "on duty" Lu m. we unite our mcans,and havo one energetic sister to buy up.tho wheat; and. by- having one, twoor three hundred dollars, quito : But spring will again Bring life in her train, And the floweri their beauties resume, And the lov'd will arieo With their glorious eyes, r And go forth in eternal bloom! Mrs. . me we could store the wheat in the Tithing Office, and that the wards could also if they wishedras thcro was plenty of room cupied now; but whatever wro do there, wo will have to employ help, as the brethren who labor there are all fully employed. Mrs. S. M. Kimball said: Wo have appointed a committee to visit in our ward. They report that the, feelings of the people have been liberal and good. All we want to know is what steps wo are to take in order to push the work forward. I feel that tho Lord will bless; us in our undertaking. Mrs. E. B. Wells asked if any of tho sisters could, inform the meeting where How much wo meet Sublimely sweet, That's never told or written! But folds us round In bliss profound. By heavenly breezes smitten! Now birds and bees Have ceaeed their glees, All nature seems reposing; 1 ; .. i some- times spoils, through dampness, but our at inosphero being so dry, I expoct it would keep good for somo time, Mrs. E. B. Wells: Presiderii Young said t he sisters were to solicit help from - their It iioWjna art1 1. Vr KvaIVhumv.wi: iuouuuuk7 nuu liivj ui CliUCU, rlur 411113 purpose, by that means we would be able to get funds iq purchase the wheat with. iirs, ueiu, oi ,ine ibtn vara, said: - The for storing; if so, and they prefer it, they can do so. .:. Mrs. E. B. Wells said: Bishop Hunter told - it. I, would just suggest, that in tho States wheat - It seems they're given A silent voice, That whispers to my be a bin for wheat in part of , ' commence at once and have tio delay aboii tl i t. In Manti they, have put tipr60 or 70 bushels, and wo can't do too prompt in thi,mattc., :Many of tho bretbrOn seem to wlwh to help U3i 1tr.n 1 r- -. Aiifa. iuerc, mi ! Ave i rn nour ' - a. ; inas j.uonjpson is well sacked and kept in a dry place vould i keen as Well, if nnt hoi than ivohont v nl vv ivv tor; a it havo some flour now. using, that has been sacked four years and it is asigood, ;If not better than new flour. I know that tho Lord .V will bless'us In our nndprtnkfnr. Considerable business was transacted in regard to tho Woman's Book i about to bo published; and tho J propriety of tho. sisters making a carpet, for :tbo f Historians Offico-w- as taken into coqside'raUon and tho sisters donated liberally for.that purpose. , ? Mt , i!: , - " : T y . -- ? . nrifmax flriinnrnnr? UTMrr s OAth a of Mpfttlnp wv w ww mm war , h.mvm k m w m. m.AM ft mm o'clock p, m. Sung Tho Spirit of God liko a firo. is. burningj' Benediction ' by Mrs. aviicuei urani. fT . s In what ship has tho (greatest number of peoplo been wrecked . , V . 