WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "GROWING OLD." 155 with their crumbling and tottering towers, palaces and amphitheatres, gave to tho ' . :'?worid a. Raphael wnose genius will li yo whoso memory ;us immortal, whoso ' .t fame is imperishajble. ;i i.; mdgnifl-cence and ft:(rmany:witri!its grandeur of scenery, its beautiful winding rivers; upon whoso tonks many classical vie- gends i originated, fostered , and reared i a Humboldt who ,his.:mado tho. world his . debtor by hi3 dicqyerief,f his explorations r his sbien'tifignoyWdg v;'j.t Scotland whose wild and picturesquo . scenery is celebrated in history and poetry, gay e to us la peculiarly characteristic of his surroundings; almost destitute of culture, living in a clay-: watclied the "radiant coming Of tbo sun's unfettered. rajs, !:tp-- , Which with;rlcb and glad effulgence Bathed the leyeilest bf .days; -- , A nd at eve I eoyf their splendor ' : Meltlnar calmly Into go!d,' ';.'' I hav But aiiiectaclembre touching . Than the tints of eye impartt - '. Is tho pleasant, peaceful twilight Of a manly, noble heart When the lofty aims of early days-- . Their deeds of jpoodi hare told And silver hairs life's sunset crown h Tell them of 'growing old." 1' The spring is beautiful, indeed With rbaliay falrnan'Wei'-5"The glad return of singing birds , 1 he budding fruit and flowers; , But not until the roses .iWe,"" . The leaves are changed to gold, And the richest fruits ef all the year Come when 'tis "growing old." , buiilrhutrrUsind -- ble nd ed h is poems I n u nisohpwi th! tlia tof 'his counBry, and through. this channel to tho" iiV.': ') hearts of her people. in TennysoH giving at Somersby with its qiiiet beauty seems to have been differently affected for he often wrote in a weird and imaginative strain; as Iiis: I'Dy i'n Swan - and Claribel,!' which are. based upon shad ow; but, withal, he also has the. power- to delineate real every day life which we see In. the ffMay: Queen' and "Millers Daugh- , t - "r ;i ter," .; ViBrownIn many of the poems of Elizabeth MISS M: E. Feb. 26th 76. , 5 ; out- - one who observes carefully the y ward impressions, which act upon iials,' cannot but be aware of ihe marked in ;7fluence; which' natural scenery eterts in uriWnftrdrforfeflr9 . and " irllstinfruishins:U AVXXUlUg lltA traitsdf individual nature. The stupendous ' mountains;- the beautiful landscape, the " charming lakes, and smooth wide sprcadin'g plains all ' mako their instinctive impressions upon the mind,;; and direct the thoughts through certain intricate channels, nf p nature and beariner assimilating to the peculiar phased; life, with which they V contact.. . come. in ...... . ' .. 1 tWho that has ever iookcu upon fumgrauuIn LI! !l..'"'r.f n nfi EUUIilWiK v .V in' ii v i . f. nLiiiiu y.T111 GnniiTTiii ill 'VinnnM aiif U11U lence and awe,' and watched the foaming "waters as they flovf ruthlessly over the awful precipice; the roaring and thundering.of the raDids. their sreen rand purple waves n'v " ' - . ' . . ' . - cate to 1 : 1 - r -:- T;" .:;v.yar famed Greece! Who shall say that , the grandeur and magnificence of her seen-- 1 ery. the invigorating a,nd braefng air ofher mountains, under whose shadow were reared the world renowned warriors of history, had no influence on the character of those to whom she gave birth? Or that the beautiful daughterof 'tho'sea, had no more power to produce great men than tho desert! . -- sunshine shimmered like angel messengers of light, breathing to him thoughts of beau- - 4 in words to communi-- . ty, which he clothed v . : 1 i ;-- C3 J ; : -- X ing we perceive the influence of English life, under which she won her laurels; but skies of classic Italy, were many of her best productions drawn out; the land of genius be- and, inspiration, which ; er seems stow additional honors upon :those who have -; already merited some. Willis on the banks of the Hudson is it any wonder that he ' could pour forth1 such sweet find touching words, living 'mid the There he associations of "Idle Wild?" in the shadow could withdraw, and resting -of & deep ravine, environed with .trees through whose clustering leaves the golden j . s ..'sri H--A- . ; . 4n - SCnoOIi EXHIBITION, us.- -i? : ,u - 1 - tumbling and i whirlipg, into frothy white, could ever forget the impressions made at the moment, and stamped, . irrevocably up- - , wilds of Africa? , ;. harand combined and culture Education monizing, wilh the, scenery of nature' pro- duce still more powerful influences; and in our ehlfghtehed country, every person has at least the opportunity of so far improving,; .as to be able to view naturo.through "Eyes ' ' . : Of Wisdom." il ; :r v- . ; . : A season spent .'mid the romantic haunts of nature upon the banks ofx the Hudson, with its enchanting scenery, Us t;eautiul and artistic villas; or on tbe banlvs- of. the - - 1 .1 : .1 . A TV.:nrt nritli ? fO T! nt 11 VP SH 11 A cottafrna. intersDersed with ancient ruins of fortresses and castles, Is:fDorpn&Tan"advaii? tago for the time, but, the'thoughts which it originates, when recalled, purify and ele-.va- ; to th a rntnd and intuitively Impress one's life :with lasting good. ; The simple Swiss pcasamYd welling among . " J ' ' d moantains Is, seemingly, the assimilation to brought hearer his God,: by ' to the heights by which he is surrounded. . T snow-cappe- The rugged life he leads; by contrast makestho peace he enjoys so much the more powerful, as the coming home at sunset, otwhich the! Is. the more appreciated, becauso Italy the' land of poetry and: song, ?with 'its akure Ekleeits calm and placid lakes, its famous and Celebrated cities and villages, Feb. Salt Lake Citv, - ear ... Exponent': , , 4 able to take' their part in helping to bear off - the kingdom, when those who are now at the head shall have passed behind the vdil? I am bii't a .young mother, but I often think that if I do not exert every nerve, and i. ; - t "L1; 7 r . AT r them aright; Can we instill good principles into their- - young , rnind$;andibriDg them up In such a manner that they Will bo , rri 1 timbe thra ; -- The retrospect of 4ays we'll, spent, - ' .it ; And gifts improved tenfold, 77 J Well may that heart pe filled with peace if.-V- ir Happy mif'growUigjOld." . Washington Sunday Herald. , Vx riJl ' : -- ijassociaiMwUk -- If, still, there's sunshine ia the heart .. Thert need be nought of gloom. .;r J& iAcqnyersantonly-with- -" the' weird and .'fanciful imageries of Nature, So when th6 flowers of youth are gone, t Arid life's September's come, i WBITTEN FOR AND HEAD r , v.-l- r i COOEI'S f ? And . I thought that nature's beauty Faded not la f'grrowinsr old." - 17. . -- for-ey- er, 1 many times been asked by Gentiles whom I have met, about my religion, and wlieh they have brought up arguments : against our. belief and practices, I have pot been abio to refute them. But I "am now beginning to .realize how netessary it is, that xur young peopleyoung girls as well as young men, ior, if wo are not called 'upon; to go on missions to foreign lands.wo have ;mariy . ppportunities for y indicating 'i the. tenets of bur hurch hpW pecessary lit S,I say, that we should study the principjes and doctrines in which we believe, and in-- ; stead of being so anxious to jead ipe last new novel, we should be enriching our mindsand storlng up useful knowledge ior - the future time when we arc'called upon to Intake the places otourjoyerjiste:wa how at the head of our societies. And be sides we "who are, and those who will some ' 17th 1S7G. 1 - ; , hftvo iust.been readifjff a piece entitled "Affectfllon,, in your most excellent and instructive paper, which set me to minting and I felt I must commit some of my thoughts to paper and send them to you. , I do o enjoy your paper, and my only regret is that I have not before appreciated and taken it. ,1 think every Latter-daSaint should lake the Exponent; it should be read and stud led more, instead of tho trashy papers which pome from the outside" y ' r I have world. '' Twatchndfprar and when my children are grown, if pa,' are not worthy, there "will be no place ' they for them ih the Church Of our Lord, and -to their childish days they will look back and blame 'me,- their mother,, for not im- planting tho Gospel truths into their youth-fu- l mind. Therefore, let us young sisters iquit all this light reading and attend our meetings, where wo will receive good instructions; let us improve every opportunity, read and study our Church Books, and prepare, ourselves to bo worthy mothers io tho great and noble spirits, tv ho are to como forth in, this last day and generations Louvina. For tho ExpoNExr. . CONGRESS AND POLYGAMY. Since Congress has been working so hard to do something towards abolishing polygamy, it has caused me to reflect, and I think if they knew that it only tended to strength-;en'4ofaithi make us more zealous, and : bind us more closely together, instead 'of " feeling to givo it up, they would surely adopt some other method. But It is" not for polygamy alone that they hate us; when the ' church" was first organized they persecuted U3 just as bitterly, even mobbing and ston-in- g theElders who attempted to preach. Their cry was" then, "you- believe in new revelation ;" but the words of our Savior ; to his dcclples fully explains it. "If ye were of the world the world would love you Ac" - I do not feel one par. ii it of anxiety as- to the result, for 1 think iao Xord is able to ; fight his own battles, and wg need only be true to ourselves and religion as Latter-da-y :J3atnt3,ii It is the Lord an( COngress for it. :, The Sister3 of our Relief Society are very .'busy just now making a carpet for. our new T.ibernade. It i3 quite an undertaking, as it requires nearly four hundred yards, but we have united our etiorts ana uunK we can accomplish it bv Mdrch. The Temple looks beautiful in its pure white, at first the . plastering did not Improve 113 appearance, butit does now that it is finished, Jt will look so cool in the. Bummer. 7Ve have warm delightful weather and dusty; streets Lest I weary you I will conciudd by wish- -' inff you continued success.Your Sistcrin the Gospel, E. Bentley. ISiG. ST. GzQiJkx, Feb. 21st, ' . ur - , - - 5 ! 