WOMAN'S EX PON EN T. 12 : OttEEXE BICIIARDS, JLUJLA y EMMELIJTE D. tVEEM. '' Editors. cf A: l' v5 -- 4 ' Exponent Office, corner sf South1 Temple," and First East streets; opposite Eagle Gate Business hours from 10 . 'a.n.to S p.ini eTery day except Sunday-Address all baslnesfc communications to t: .: ! - : ? f '..- ; - -,-- : . 'r t : t - :.! ;, .. " - , PubUshcraiW6MAKa.ExpOKrxT, , . LAKE CITY. JUNE . , : Salt Lake City, UUh. v . . . . ' '" 15, 1876. THE TIMES. Jn.thQ present jtpoch of the world's history may be rccorde, that new and ihen, at almost seems to regular. in te i have o'erspread the earth and its. inhabitants. Ra mors of great disasters by, sea and by land aro. hushed; the han 1 of death is stayed; busieven the voice of conten- ness.; is tion is for the instant quieted.- - At such a if; the: wheel of: Time does tot Itself become clogged, there seems to be a kink ,a pause In thefindings of the great chain of events. How long the calm will last, or what results will follow, the All wise Ruler can alone define. Even to the inspired among men, it is not given to comprehend the exact time of day, or what change will be hert in order, succeeding the silence of such an' hour. But. the Lord does not slumber,' neither should His people. The Saints have been 'warned of approaching dangers, and forewarned agajnst sietbfulness ' and procrastination. ' Let not a momentary subsidence decoy any info the belief that the reign of peace has com- menced. The heavy storm is always preceded longer the clouds are in by a Calm, and-thrgatbeflhgrtbem6re tb be dreaded is the coming ;tem pest. Have we bil in our vessels and are our Jamps trirumfed? , . : be-calWe- d; mo-men- ty ! ; ;i . WHAT IS DUTY? "; lThis?ne simple phrasej" insignificant as' it " seerasy.edmprises much of happiness or sorrow accord ling to the interpretation given to it. To fuihll'atl the obligations of life from' childh ood Jupwartl js synonomougwith duty, but can one alwayslie'sure what i the first.diity? An eminent wHter of the present day In answering this qiiestion says; "It As to fulfill the claims of tne day;" but evidently there are a variety of claims, or things which demand attention; . . and, f there must be some relative decision yiiiCiilfitHe highest duly.. In these days there is much said about the wife's duty,the husband's duty, and one's duty . to socletynd to the publlcjit appears that persons are often undecided injegard to the high-- . st duty. There are, r hose; who are easily guided by another's ideas, of duty, such certainly lose sight of their jown individuality. 'Every rational being should endeavor to comprehend for themselves wherein their 'Mndlvlduaiduty lies, and Cultivate all the to them, for when to" cilie4 ifccoiiat for the sins of cotomlssloa or avail to admit another potnted outthe ilne of fluty, and without calling fnlhe aid of the tfJrccs i lying dormant In , . -- peo-.p- le !iart".: ; The remark is frequently made "I know my duty," yet how careless and indiflerent many are in the discharge of trifling duties, as they are . termed; but after all is it not these minute details ihat make up the great sum of "existence here? l If persons understood the relative duties pertaining to the variety of circumstances incl dent to life and performed those duties carefully, then none would swerve from the path of rectitude, and perfection would be the ultimate result, but to choose between good and evil, if it were eay to make the distinction, would reflect little credit, though one chose the better part; but to discern the true amid falsity, to make the knowledge of duty one's study is a sublime work; all duties are not pleasant in their nature; some very brilliant writers "have said the fulfillment of duty brings with it a sublime joy; there are certainly many such instances, but .while "darkness covers the earth and gross darkness the minds of the people" and there h no infallible guide to duty, what remains? To do all the good we can, to trust in God for the event, to learn how to submit one's seif to God, to perform the mission He has assigned, is the height of sublimity. To do one's duty independent of the prevailing influences is indicative of true nobility of character, and Is the truest elf-denial.'- - i S.Str(ck, Committee. J MUs L Davis For the Expokkxt. - PRAYER, " i Wjiat a sweet heart with such comforts as only ings has prayer? .' , ' word is prayer; it fills one's a sweet rest, and ooths and prayer can. How many Comfort for the weary, the -- and those in distress; it means sins for the sinful and repentant, forgiveness-owith a better life ever after. When we feel dispirited and think there is nothing on earth friends prove false worth living for, wieir'-6ur"to u?, when we Meet with every disappointment that can befall human beings, when we see our dear ones taken from us, and almost think that God has forgotten us, and that Ho has laid IJis chastening hand too heavy upon is morthan we can u, and that our crosssweet thought of prayer, bear; then comes the stealing into our hearts .like the whispering of an angel ; then we can feel the soothing influence of that High and Holy One who has said "Come unto me all you who are heavy-ladeand I will give you rest." And verily He will do so, for has He not said, "He.iven and earth may pass away, but my word endureth forever." Do we pray euough? We should always have a prayer in out heatt. "Pray always lest ye enters into lenip.ation." And if we ever feel that the way of life is thorny, anil we all know that there is more shadow than sunshine here, let us lift up bur voices to Him who has said, "Ask and y shall receive" and we will find sweet consolation in prayer. The sweetest words to me I evei read were these: "Lord teach us how to pray." broken-hearte- d n, " ; HOME AFFAIRS. We have B. S Reports from several places, also other correspondence we aro compelled to lay over for want of space; but we intend to publish them as soon as practicable. As our paper is small and Only issued teml monthly, we have to be governed accordingly. Young and tho party with hira,)eft St. George, MondayJune 12, to meet the Arizona Party President D. l. Wellir Elder Brigham Young Jr., and the others who expected to arrive at Kanab, Thursday JtTNE. Pbesident Baipil AM SLANDER. , TJulTe5ronhr .5 j'-- ' ; .; y, regular advertisers. 187G, ?al ' V In 8alt LaJce City, Utah, Published Terms: One copy OBe year, $2.00; one copy six months, 1.00. Ten copies ;Iqr the price of nine. Advertising rates: ISacfrsquarej, ten line of (noriparell spaeedne 3.00; 'per monthi $3B 'A1 liberal' discount to semi-monthl- FourvTH of July; 1876, the Great Cen-ten- n Day, i here will be aLadies' Centennial Excursion to Haight's Grove, Lake Side. Traiss leave this i?y at 8 o'clock ' a. in., return at 7 p. m. Tickets $1,00. Mrs. E. Davis, the soul, submitted to the blind lead ng of an: other, and thus proved false to tb ingrity whldb it Is due to every human being to main-taln- .' THE. WOWS! EXPONENT. ; Young's health has very much improved during his ab?ence. The accident to President Wells and the brethren who were with him in the boat when it sunk in the Colorado river, would seem another strong testimony of the interposition of Divine Providence in behalf of His servants. This people should not forget to acknowledge the goodness of God to them in this peculiar incident, although at the sacrifice of one life. In tho midst of circumstances such a this, one can but exclaim with hlra of old; "Truly O God Thy ways are marvellous and past finding out." We have received recently pleasant calls from many of the strangers who have visited Balf Like City; persons of cultivation, polish and refinement ' Some editors and of different paper, who seemed to ' pondents think bur Exponent a very creditable' Woman's paper, although not approving of some of the pfi nciples we ad vqcate. To persons expressing themselves thus, we Invariably make the same.answer. We endeavor to advocate the principles in which we believe, and practice what we teach; to expresj the .opinions of the women of Utah in regard to Woman's , capacity , ppbere cf duty and usefulness as regards notQniy temporal but spir itual tfalratlo . The subject of slander has been touched upon a great many tlmes in our Relief Society meetings j n this place, and the baneful effects of it have been vividly portrayed .where the people allow this spirit to get footing amongst them. What is more bitter or poisoning in its venom than the tongue of the habitual slanderer? It ii no respsctor of persons, but hurls its venom on all alike; and wo to the person that comes within the circle of its influence. If a story should happen to come to the ears of one of this class concerning any person or persons, that would be any way prej- udicial to their character, it Is grabbed at as eagerly as a fish would grab at a' bait, and without pausing to see whether there was the least foundation to tbe report, spread far and wide with the qulcke tests until every persorT within reach Is well posted with all the particulars aud enough added to make it appear plausible, and all of coursi swallowed eagerly by the raijority of people, without reflecting, perha, s it is not true; and if inquiry should be mad. as to the of the stories t hat are set source of nine-tentafloat by the vile slanderer, they originated In ; nothing at all, , Should we dear sisters encourage such a us? The Lord forbid. When a tale la told concerning a person that would be an Injury to them, let us not spread er repeat it, until we are sure whether it hai .come from a reliable eourcc .If this course had always been . . f hs spir-JTItamo- . ng 