WD ; x. : ; June2th; 1876, JL ! been already successfully defied. "Then it was,7 says Macauiay, "that the great English peoplo was formed j that j the, jutional character began to exhibit those peculiarly ties which it has ever since retained' Then first appeared ,with t4isl)nctnes3 that Co talent inPayson. r I JPhere werejclifferent kinds of fancy work, "filtted, netted,' and crochet tidies, bed- affairs at least oiico a yearyso ithat we may not be lost entirely to the public. Ths society of J this place held f their Eighth Annual;? Meeting ( oh- "Wednesday, June7th870Xi-Bishop- t John oW. ; Hess, Elders Thomas Groves and JohathanHoIme3 were present at lth4meeHngyrand alter hear- changes, preserved Its Identity;" that spreads, crochet and woven, besides elegant quilts. . A beautiful specimen of penmanship, by J. L. Townsend, also an eagle and other birds preserved by him Brother Townsend desired an interest in i the sisters'; prayers, as he left Payson for St. George the following morning, being called upon to assist - the carpenters on the Temple.. ; Tht Annual Beport wasread by the which showed that we had received during the year $131.51, and disbursed : - ing tbejSnanc'iatf s&temenfcreadV: spoka enrflHshopf Hess couragingly ' toilhoTTsister s& but said; he very little inr: the papers : : about! the Society, JN , MV - " JN IjrtM Ckoffirjs J. . Bishop Tanner Fotsgreen, and Bishop: Halliday lapplauded the sisters for their- - talent and ingenuity; the rneedle and straw work, t was - thought, could not be excelled, j AW acknowledged there was Editor iExrosix:.' Ui ,h, It is my Intention to send; a ieporl of our , U A J..I1-Townsen- Farmington! Davis Co;, J 15 Brothers t BarryWild REPOBTS? Rm; l AW.S at Fanhingfonbnti fet they were not behind their sister societies, . and were 'improving slowly but surely; tHis remarks were mostly on what had tbeenxlone by the society; the good;results, &c; mentioning the making of silkriand ettirig out mulberry trees,' "In my last report: il said iwe had prisons here iwho I wdre competent to make silk. Siricen theny 6isters::Lucinda Robinson and Nan6y Clarky have spun some silk thread, and Brother Hadflcld lias woven it into handkerchiefs, and they are. now pre- d15568 ' J cannot paringialpIocofL n sec-retary- ...... $i6.G3, ;Vv.. tions in the world are, copies, and .Which, in spite of 'some 'Refects,1 deserves ib be regarded as the best Under which any great society has . ever, yet existed during many ages. Then it .was. that the House cf; Commons, the archetype of. all the representative assemblies which now meet, either in the Old or New World, held its flrst slttings. Then it was that the common law rose to the dignity of a science, and rapidly became la not on worthy rlvalof-th- e Imperial jurisprudence" IThen ifcasthat the eoufae of the sailors who manned the rude barks of . j: n:v A piece composed by Mrs Anna Taylor was read by President Jane Simons. A , r'etary. A; good spirit prevails. We have good ; meetinf, and good faithful sisters In our infdst, who are always ready to be one with --;6ut President- and ' her counselors.- - In our meetings, the'isisters often thank God that L8ir describd my feelings wHehTlwftlrerflrst-skeiof silk made here; but! thought that - anything could bo accomplished if the people only had the will, and; would naka, the efforts J Odt President; 3rs: Holmes, and her counselors, mean the silk, business shall be a success if their energy and labor, can bring it about.' -- They) spent, days last fall in orchard, of over one getting hundred trees sit;; outi on a piece of ground given to the society by Brother Grover for ' that purpose? iMany do not know the inconveniences Pros' t Holmes has had to work underf living, as she ' does about two miles ; they are priviieged to live in this day ; real- izing that a great and important time is near; hoping to keep humble and prayerful that we may endure and bo numbered with'the faithfuL We realize the truth Of . Brother Hallidays : words,: that Eliza R. Snow's instructions yre true, that our mission was Jiot only, to administer to the poor, but strive to save souls. The Exponent is a welcome visitor among us; we pray forits success1 and may God bless and aid you In your labors. Your sister in the gospel, M. A. Hardy. m - out of town butrshe has a husband, accord, ing to her statement, who has never refused to harness his 'a team and either bring To-da- y, , agi-talio- ; Out millinery establishment is .in a flour- The opponents of Woman Suffrage often assert that the movement makes no progress, because it is defeated year after year in Parliament and Congress and State Legislature. Even friends of Woman Suffrage sometimes express disappointment at the con Unued postponement of their hopes. But the true grandeur of our work becomes apparent, when we consider the startling facts contained in the synopsis of a recent Monday Lecture by Rev. Joseph Cookj entitled ;Tho Future of America," which we reprint jn another column. : However long the Wumph of Woman Suffrage may be our work of leavening the pubrponed, lic sentiments of America will have been of pricelgrvatueTawork timely,beneflcient, indispensable, and providential. Mr. Cook proves, by a series of scientific ' ,.; ishing condition;?? "Judging tho spirit of the sisters by the increaso of the number who take the Exponent this year, I should say it was good. We have lately been called upon to part with a dear friend by death. Sister Betsey .. , : rowEBand r'thtnK nono'who heard;him could pass his Vords by ithout' reflecting upon them seriously, , . ; v ; Yout sister u-- ... i; ; - s) jsc AWREM A S-H- Otf EtLS. . of sustaining a larger population than all the rest of the world combined; that the growth: df population follows a law which will: give us in the year 2000. one hnndmd .million inhabitants,, in 2300, eight hundred hundred miuions, in 2509, thiriy-tw- o other words, that within six cen- turies, America will codtain twice as many .inhabitants as the whole world now con- ; , .tain.si':Six centuries, ago, William Wallace and Robert Bruce wero vindicating Scottish Independence. Magna Charta, granted a century before, had been splemnly confirmed by King Ed ward. The House of Haps-bur- g was already on the throne of Austria. PAXS0N, Aray 30, ISTtl. j i ? n, - : '', - ..r-'- i ' mft ce. r mil-:lions.n- .Ia Tho BellcT Society of ibis placaiield their 8th' annual moeiing .May;24th lOa. tho standi were President Jariimou her counselors Mrs. n Agnes ;Dotrgis land Mrs. Mary Hoof e, Bishops tTanner and Halliday. Several visitors, by invitation,' from fianfa-quiGoshen and Salem, reprcscntedtheir Belief Societies. Heme industry was well represented, ' - -- . r news-faper.ca- ; ..mi- ; army of women and men who struggle today for equal rights of women, are the pioneers of the generations Tyet to come. Abby Kelly Foster and Lucretia Mott and Sarah Grimke and L. Maria Child, six centuries hence, will be regarded as the Wallace and Bruce and Joan of Arc, of six centuries ago, are regarded by the men and women of too ;:: day; 3NTbt : l. that I anticipate a fight of six ccntu. ries ion Woman Suffrage. Progress is cumulative, : The; circle, as it; widens ; sweeps over larger and larger, areas. Jt is only 400 invented. years since the printing-press'wa- s It is less, than two centuries sinco the intobeing It is less than a century, since the. railroad land- the' steam. I H U less than thirty J?i?nYenfcd' "y earssince the jtejegraph came ihtol exi s Thermoderrk world pf industry and r;"-- propositions, that this continent is capable - n. . ; Steed, who died May 12th, 1876, after an illness of about two months. She had been a faithful teacher in the society for a number of years, also a member of the Farming-to- n choir. She was a good friend to the sickand poor: nd will be missed, by jnany. She ieft onO'chflda boy'I4 years old and a husbiihdwho fs on a mission: to Australia. Tho funeral sermon .was, preached, by Elder Joseph TV Smith? anC Jn U remarks, he spoke .veryp6ipe4iy tijson the" BEAttNG Cinqucr sand millions, . Six centuries ago, Magna Charta' was wrested from the Barons by the we see the application of Its King. all principles to one. half of the people ' all women subjects. This men' sovereigns; result centuries six of of ceaseless isthe Would it be surprising, if six cen-- , turies more were required to complete the work? Would it be discouraging, if tho less muscular arm of Woman, battling with the greed and selfishness and animalism of tne existing ansiocracy oi se, was as slow in achieving heW poIltjcal emancipation as A HUNDRED TEARS HENCE. when she wishes,, to; come to a meeting or on other business. Ports' first made the flag of England terrible on the seas. Then it was that the most ancient colleges that still exist at both .the great national seats of learning were founded. Then was formed that language, less musical, indeedy than tho languages of the South, but in force, in rich- nessf Jnptitudeior aUJMjyeitprposes of: the poet, the philosopher, and the orator, inferior to that of Greece alone. Then, too, appeared the first faint dawn of that noble literature, the most splendid and the most durable of the many glories of England." Thus we stand wo of the present gen between the birth Of Anglo-Saxo- n political life, and its Continental development in a population of three thou- Mhe piece by Mrs. Jennie- - Cowan and one by Mrs. Betjccca Daniels were read by the sec- - . Coh- - masculi hq cpTdperationfls the vork of tho closing century- It is the product bffah-hoo- d suffrage;' Let "a nobler world of Edu. . " cation, Temperance, Purity, and Peace be the creation of the coming deritury.1 It 111 be the product of ; Impartial Suffrag of the equal of men arid rw6men, " ; ' 'H. H.'B; Er. co-operati-on : , Carrots should 'be cleaned by being brushed ia rater: rcraj in'g cauics thrm to lose their flaror. 