tfbre ihe time is past - Who is thr re that can feel these f hings as deeply as a mother can; think what it, weuid'.be to hear .your, . , MR V H EE.YE RICHARDS, ) ' littleone cry for bread, and worst of all tolcnow " Editor":' , i t you had trifled a way it ho day of grace given yoq, had thought lightly, or not at all upon the V a Wished in' Salt 'Lake City, UUhJ subject.; That men, as a class, are very tena Terms: One copy one year, $3,005 6nebpy six months,' cious of their lights and privileges, is "most )3. Tea copies iioi the iprice of sine. sAdTertlsirtgi itruejbuL letltheni, carefullylweigh; thisraat-- 4 rates; Each square .tenjinea ;of ,iKppareu space,; one ter- - and they wilii assuredly grant to woman time, i3.00;. per mouth, f3.0D. A; liboral discount to the right o selpreservatidn, for herself and :her:posterity. It Is argued1 by men that an- -' ExiHracnt Office, comer f South (TcmpjeF and First cient history proves woman's inferiority and Eaststicets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business jjpuraomJiO ' servile siate, in theTdayswti a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday. . M Address all bgslneiBa communications to , prophets upon the learth; but do not the Scrip-ture- s ' TaWishcrs W6iCms Exponent,; ;! 11" certify woman to have t been- - not only '8altakeCity, UUhr queen and prophetess, but Judge in Israel, as... witness Deborah in the fourth chapter of Judg-eIs there then anything so inconsistent lit SALT LAKE ; CiTSY: NO Vi 1 1876.-- ; women building storehouses and filling them with grain? BE WISE AND HEABKEN TO f It'has' been remarked by some that Presl- - ' COUNSEL1! jdent Ybting- thought that jy doing this, the wives and daughters of this people would ceaso 3 to askCtheir fathere arid husbands to To the, women of, tbjs.iTitoiy.wefr-tlildispose o or T6r flpery, theiy grain .unnecessary .articiea Z appoalinjiUiiincerliyandftpr. most serious. ifor personal or housejioid ornament.' But in thoughfr,on storing, away grajn whjLleit is with- - t our opinion,3 men themselves in a general way, in their reachrii:W ;WisU' if jit .were possible, dispose' of as much means for tdbaccondsuch r. inesuoieet miciut Deaguatea in;puoiie ana-.to degeneration and degra- - ' private utttilevery imotber'and exery, sister i jproducts as tend Zi .. v tion, ,as women do for vanity. shonld feel the necessity ;of4mmedtate action., Of: What use would all the finest fabrics ever Is it not ;i presumpiibm in tbe Latter-da- y ;1 Saints to say they believe in the inspiratidnof i .woye.n be, or jewels and diamonds if there was k a lack Of bread? How little in comparison of the last days now commenced. would these things seem, how insigul'flcaritana that this people receive .uiyine revelation for guidance, and then pay.no attention .what-ev'and worthless. We diitiiictly rememberJffoV': 1 serto the instruction given .through the these things are not "easily forgotten) that in of of vants our exit from Nan vooj when ; we Were about to God who hold the keys power upon launch forth into ari uncultivated wilderness, yf:-;the earlW;;!;;'5;-;;heed-les- s the thoughts of the people were ebneehtrated Why 4rtnb:pe61eJ(4Tir iu acting,so of ilie. things which are" the'most essen- upon food for subsistence5, and they wTere glad ; ' to dispose of Euch things. as.Hhtey ' coutd posi- tial? AVhy do they slijmber arid sleep when they" to arise arid shake off are writiuually'invbkei blyi spare; ji i i jI.l lij Iheir lethargy ana prepare themselves for the watches, chalnsj VlngS ariS mapy other valuable' things were sent down into Mfssouri to exgreatand eventful future? And will they not ue ieife mj ravuru, uuu itiujuui' 41 luej urgic change for wheat, corn ineal, or any pf the to Uo? b&oii told the things thoythuve . stable products which sustain life, as welf as A great and wjso prophet in ancient tinies ;fbr oxen arid cows with wich tp .pursue the i'4fcum ai saidHath the Lp;d jreat delight 'lr':'-'journey. .rT To those who : have, experienced the priva-- , ofltjriiigs and sacrifices as, in obeyjng th voice of the Lord? .Behold to vobey is better ;jtfn tlons which the saints have passed through at ,rams,nr fat to hearken and tiian;the pf sacriflee, different periods since the, organization o this as This mighty truth is as much a truth church, the words of President Young must .. when it was first uttered. . carry a double force, for they can not only seet What is there that will so efltually appeal Uhe future in prospect but the past in retro.1 to human nature as want want "of bread? spect. - ... r;: The Iord has brpught this people from among Su rely if there is a spark5 of true; fire in the their. kindred and friends, and has made this hearts V the Hromen of thl8rTerritory, after desolate land a fruitful and desirable one, and the request1 President Yonng has made of them repbUnkich fcdnfideuce in their ability' and plentiful harvests have rewarded the husband- man for his toil.r. Have they; been : prompt :in exertions', thcyKvill arouse'all their dormant the fulfillment of thoso ilaws and principles to earnest, decisive and immediate ac which have been in existence ever since time tion.' Should the time come (and it will) when there will be a scarcity of bread, 'what' will wobegan, whenever the Lord had a church upon the earth? The law of tithes and offerings. If meu care,ihe.n"ifor 'aj HtOe 'sarcasm?;' it seems ' fri women have been remiss in the past, if they too trivial to call fotth the slhrhtest' notice Willi momentous the have been dilatory in doing the Master's subjecAnV,! comparison woum work'slow in hearkening.to counsel, and have betui luai mis peocoiucnjpiainin. it sought after vain and foolish things,' let them ple's privations in limes past would have so seek to make what reparation they can while thoroughly taught them the necessity of econ there is opportunity. This, subject is not the omy and of wisdom in obeying counsel, that uu , embodiment of. an idle tale or: romance, but a 11 wouiu onry uu juciosuijr iu asiw lucui stern and positive reality which must be met thing which is so palpable, and they would un it. sufThe hundredth parti of the derstand and acted upon. God grant, our . sisters wis- even this small Vemnant of -' dom'to car out President Yonng's counseL peofering among of anu we irusi inai ero another issue of the pie, heoLin.thesb.yaileyanlll-iIlricueen somewe may have reports from iliflVrent jo- -. .. xciar it is scarcity, nasever yet thiuK too deep for em))ty!f;wordi; tfaeH only1 to ' calities, representing i the; movements which,'; lias tle1 nil land over beeh: a scai city picture will, ero, then .have been1 made. Surely ;the-Lord will bless Uis. daughters .and give them bear lookih'.upoh? Let every uothe bo awak-"- ; strength and Iforiitnde. in such. .a noble enter- en?d to a realization of the necessity oT heart . prise. , THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT: sening - ' semi-monthl- V J 4 ..' .J ft . i i. ' : T 4 y, 1 . - . 1 : : 1 : . A WORD ABOUT WOMEN. .. s. ; ! : 5 - - s One can scarcely take, up a book,. magazine,, or newspaper nowadays ' without being aware-tha- t women are "creating a sensation," they - are certainly getting themselves talked about; are men beginning to fear arid tremble, (I fear some are) and is there "a woman at the bottom of JhoinischieBMhatisfammaiayin of theirs. We are told that "in the last days men's -- hearts would fail them," &c, but we had no idea it would be attribu table to women, yet i t is even so from the pulpit down; this, is by women, and thpugh men speak of her as eilly, vain, and frivolous; they-wi-ll peril fins fin f tr( lnno' tTiftt vrrvmfln is fpirihlv in .earnest; that she is np longer willing to lm idol-breaki- trammelled by narrow conventionalities, but to step forward on a broader platform, undaunted bv the sarcasm or even ibul aspersions cast upon her by these who have not the inspiration of a potent power urging them to a npble purpose. Hhe can endure all the calumny and reproach of these who are ready1 to attributo to her the motivts.of revenge, spite or disappointed love, knowing that the end will moro , ! I ; . ment for any personal sacrifice. spawn from hell And woman's slander U the worst And you whom once I loved so well, Through you my life has been! accurst." "Throub'slander-meane- i , 5 the-wor- 1 . -- i - er 1 ; . 4 i . I rf. k. L J x.;., - i A l -- - ! W-da- y L -- , - " .. - . enc-rcie-s 1 , . t J- : It-ix)Ne- st, : ng 1 . h '. . . .. st will not agree that woman's slander is the worst, Tennyson to the contrary, notwithstand- I ing, and I venture to'llispute the long lished dogma, estab- of total depravifyin women; tradition TiasTM Adam ana JKye. :i take the grouna that slander has.no sex; the "poison of asps" is noirioro unber the lips 6f woman than of man, and ,the unruly membe'f that stirs up a' great fire belongs no more to one than to the one who thi nks men andLwomin are made of differv ent flesh and biood,npt even that men are made of dust and women are anrzels. but that wo men from their very infancy are guarded from all outward contamination, so that the very At It? A.l Jf 11. me. ueaujies sianuers are wanting. eiemenis 01 Woman untaught, rin a .vast Jnajority, for countless centuries in all arts save such as pertain to domestic life or "the wiles that charm," at best subordinate or inferior, to come and go as shewas bid, has. been termed silly, vain, U'ooV anil "rTX7'i Trl it iti rr rr lir. inaliui anrl she is rio coward, give her cause and she will face fearful odds, as is abundantly proved at tne present time in nerputtmg forward a claim for the right of the ballot; we have as much to gain or lose by good laws, cr bad laws as men; we should be well Versed in law and understand all that pertains to marriage, 16 divorce, and to property ; we have as much to '.risk by law as men. ' Does it detract from their dignity because .women prove themselves capacitated for the s ime positions as riaen.is this any usurpation pf power or of rights? If they are' real ly superior .to us let them moyo onHherc ?s'room higher'up.J' They. have not reached 'the rin- nacle of greatness yet, to which it is possible to attain, let them look to it that they advance if they would not iliave women too close up on their track, for there fa advancement among; women; thought is growing, aud inv-i- i should turn their attention, and. bend their Energies to things of Tnore;tweighty- - consideration than woman's faults and a jealousy of precedence, 1 1 1 1 1 . " 4- - '. , men who are seeking to elevate, ' inspire and ennoble the sexi; fori they arei the imolders of men, It' is conceded; then as women advance, . eo does it moro. perfect the future race of suiely imen.- Woman bears the Impress of the seal of , , jmja.- immortauiy. . , .... ". . , 