50 Retrenchment meeting held in the 14th Ward,W Saturtlay, August 19, was well attended. Counselor Mrs. B. W. Smith presided. ... The speaker? were spir- ited and earnest, and seemed to bo es pecliy ' led to dwell upon the subject of Ehe General to my heavenly tude and thankfulness ' Father for the good feeling manifested by "iny sisters, but I could not express my ; thanks then which I now beg you to accept. When a meeting, was appointed .for tho organization of a Relief Society, I thought I would attend,; partly from curiosity to see how it wouid'bai conducted not expecting I should be called on to occupy a .place in this society, but that I would, if permitted, Counselor Mrs: Sarah let trciiia,Ih-Temp- . 'iL'KimMl'aUuded tbr the time whenr the "torfldhd Temple" was bcirig.built, when tho -- r,$ixjLis :;theyi allconsiddretjitht.whit ' pos-sseSlong- ed the work of t ho Lord ; '"wnltHe Women wulduehunr and cheer, flifly sefld their butter to the workmen on the Temple and eat without any on their own tables; then they were all hopeful and in joyous; sho had never seen happier days M. chef life,that she knew of. Sister: Mercy -Thompson spoke beautifully Concerning the donations fox tho building of giving Temples. She considered that the poora i sainfsdbllar; which; wa3J given with grateful hand out of' a meagre pittance, would5 go: farther towards purchasing eter-riblessings in the kingdom of God, than the dollar of Wperson whom the Lord has blessed with 'abundance, so that the small numJ8jini given would never be missed. Ato the ber bf sisters bore strong testimonies truth of the Gospels At' the closo of the to 'meetlnift Counselor ' Mrs. Phebo Wobdru askedthe sisters id remember In their pray- - tbeAsspclatiopn 187G. Hybum, Cache Co., Aug, 17, . Editor ExpoP"":"' fflo niemlrs .of our societyre kill alive to the interests ' or1 the kingdom and al. to the ways ready to lenda helping hand a word of " ; ? r in&VthW needy, and to give w wm r We held our 8th vrtnwnpasf. km i .vJ.W r m m ii m IiUn -- i l im m w tne Btnttfi cnvArAl fif of Sister Maughan brethreipr this place'and was laid before the ' :rburr,rerort ::&)gari; kt.:TO"iiTrr.,flhnwAfl wo had done many iCood deeds in assisting .the poor, donating TemDle. t fYitcMiAnjitiftsand imva vpiv crood instructions jUi-x-tVrA- W But t at some iuture day becomo when I entered the house, :hefore I tookmy - - it'll, m ; . to "attend. w ; : 9V;sot;our; la wBI' Hblng:' We shall not all escape , quist ieit innJtiui iqh me wo hai roceivod, and 'asked ;tho blessingsi Qvy eLoidipbh;the; liitsWe. hadwasa; :Lord good time and; the Spirit .Of; the ' their renew to to feel with us; aU seemed .. . exertions to do good and r to sustain our - We President- and' ,thosa In, aUthOrityh sea-- ; . IKopoTo build a house Of our own next bless us in ie sonnd " ' eaco and quiet in ! ! Wr;enaeavors."4;All li our "liitle'town and the Lord has blest uswith a bountiful harvest which the brethren aio vcy busy'gathering in. ..ishiiig; $U5cdess; to ;ypur valuable iaper . . r I remain your Sister,",:M. . Njlkcy , :.y , Neilsox Sec'y. : r SOME OF MY.THOtJGHTS. punishments Moth-er- s. let mo exhort you, with myself, to gird Liljen-- ! jQsideuV,P)iristina was forcibly presented to my mind and I felt it my duty to pen some of my thoughts in regard to it. Hoping that God will help us to bo dill gent and faithful in all the duties of life, and fill honorably the station assigned to each of us, I will add no more. A. L. B. , . , FLORAL HINTS. Fob raising Ferns: Make a bed of deep rich soil from the woods; in this bed plant the native ferns; they will bear transplanting at any time. This bed for ferns should be on the north side of the house or fence. : The rose requires high culture, and : -- LlZJi -- When I commenced ;to write, I had no intention of touching on this subject; but it -- 1 rJ care. : " - al -- - seat our Bishop called iny name for, secre-tary. 1 thought it impossible for me to fill 4hat position, and therefore begged.:- tq; rbe excused on the. grounds that I aireadyi had as mahy.duties as I could perform, and that there were many others who could .fill the place much better than I could, not having had the advantages of an: education which would qualify me for such a position. But my excuses were not accepted and I was elected. I knew .my inability ;; and the thought came, the Lord must help me or I shall fail; I felt humble and asked His aid, and am now Willing tD give Him thanks for the honor that was bestowed upon me at our last meeting. 1 have often noticed how well our sisters in hese jsocieties ; Jill, their positions, and I know it is because they are humble. and willing to try with tho i help of the Lord to do wnat is requirea oi them:" We are not all called.to fill the same places, but every one that does her duty in tho office assigned to her to 11, be it ever so humble a obe, is j ust as honorable and deserving of praise as the ono who; occupies the highest pbsition; and I think I can saj in truth that our President and Counselors are just as willing to award praise where they see one attending to her duties ''faith-- ; fully, whether in attending her meetings or in staying at home to look after the family that God has given her; for He will require her to guard well the jewels He has entrusted to her, care. And here let me say how often has my heart been pained to witness the neglect that we as mothers are When guilty of in rfgard to our children. and7 our so of girl3 boys run I see many ning wild, disgracing themselves and their; parents and sinning against God. I .think . -- -- quence of an incorrect course, and point out the path of virtue, and portray its blessings and advantages, there will be but very few who will not . have confidence enough in their mothers to heed what they say, and in after years will bless them for their strict requirements of obedience to theirrwishesand for their guidance, and could command - courage enough to read. When a vote of thanks was given me for tho faithful performance of my duty as secretary my heart overflowed with grati- , .f, i . on the armour of watchfulness, ;and never, na never ; lay, it. on again uniu we nave rooted out this arch enemy (recklessness) . evil bcn thepcause pf among our young, people. What a stigma on virtue and religion, what a disgrace to bur settlement and above all what asin be- fore God! ' AroiiSe sisters and let. us unite ' in this erreat'work that lies before lisV and let us call on our'young sisters to assist for which haa so much ne, responsiDuiiy.jaisu rufj w , upuu iucui. x feel that we have already put 'this matter off too long and that God will hold us accountable for the same. I presume that many mothers feel hattheir children are young ;?and want to ebjdy themselve. but we musi' jemember that because they are youngand iaye not the wisdom and experience of older persons, "they are not prepared to shun temptatiod,'1 therefore they nee'd our';watchtcan3 and" cbuhsel.- - 'Better, fair betier to curtail their pleasures or offend them now, than to allow them to go uhre- ' strained and .unprotected. .: , j If we take the right course with our ofNephi. Owing to a diffidence whichaways, attend me whenever I attempt to speak before my sister3 In our meetings, I thought I would writa a few lines Wch I surely d should be planted in good, too rich.. The insoil, it can scarcely bo sects which are most injurious to the rose may be easily destroyed by syringing the plants in tobacco water. Carp should be taken in winter to protect them from severe cold and frosts; cover them with leaves or straw, or remove them to a cool cellar. A is in a circle, nice way to plant with some tall growing shrub in the centre; in this way they can better be pro. tected in winter by throwing sdme straw or light brush over them. Care of plants: Almost all house plants require const care and attention, plenty of sunshine and fresh air, they.' will not thrive without it. Windows which face the &outh are tho.best for most plantsj am' monia water is ono of the best fertilizer, making Ih'e.jieayes fresh and green, also but .very. weak. : For some ' liquid manure, delicate plants the Floral Cabinet recom-men- d glue. water; get the most common dark glue, put ft in a pitcher or jar, pour water over it, then when it is cold J( boiling dilute it and water the plants with it about once a week; glue being made of bones and refuse of various kinds is a very, good stimulant and makes, the plants look healthy and fresh. Sprinkle and wash plants frequent-iy- , and as much as possible keep them free well-draine- i 4-- . ! children when they are quite young, talk kindly to them and tell them tho conse. 4 rose-bush- es : . . .from dust.;' . ;.;. 1 " pHi nese Garden The .largest V garden in the . world is in China; it covers an area ",f J r of ; .fifty .'thousand square "miles, round Shanghai; it has been in a high statoof cultivation for,hundred8 of years. .Thtee crops a year are harvested from. It; it all mea dow land, raised a few feet aboyp'thb and with a complete net work Of water, ' .' communication; wa-te-rf l -- Addressed to the "Relief Society ' . : .'J'Tnk. term "conservative,,, so' says afl t was first used la writer of note, English ' the 'Quarterly E6vlew,,, for January, 1830, by John Wilson Crokcr thuW' Wa despi ft and abomlnate.f ho, details .r partizh but we aro.no.WjV as jve always h ;f beeni decidedly and conscientiously attachea to what is called the Tory, arid which migo1 with more propriety be called tho Conserv r . war-jar- e, ; tiYO party," i 