WAMiiS'S EXP ON EN T . 31' est in all our meetings; wo feel we could T not do without it, and wishT Ite very ' AnntJ. Stickney Sec'y Y. L. I. A. interest in fitting her out and supplied her sttc-ces- ClArkto, Editor ExroNENT: Cache Cot, :" May 21, 1870. ---- -- We, the sisters of Clarkston,- would like to mingle our voices with the rest of our sisters, as we are engaged in the same great work of helping to build up the kingdom of God in the last days. The Relief on Society of thi3 place was tne 12th of January, 1875. Sister Mary Griffin is our President, and Sisters Ann Keep and Sarah Jane Carbine her Counselors, Jane Godfrey, Secretary, Theophine Griffiths. Treasurer. Wo have - Sinca our re our meetings r we organization we have dpoejvyhaCgood " could in assisting the poor, the widow and the orphan, and also in' translating the Book of Mormon into the Spanish language. Our settlement is small, but the sisters in general seem to be willing to do all the good they can; we have a good president, full of integrity, always on hand to lead out in any and every enterprise tor the upbuilding of the kingdom of God. Yours in the cause of truth, A Providence girl's expressive description of the Centennial show: : , Philadelphia, June, 1876. Dear mother: Oh ! Oh M Oh I! ! Oh ! ! I ! . ed semi-monthl- : :;: ...... Mary. ScoTcn Saying. A doarplaat wi a mon's name on's a vaary good, thing, but a dinner plaat wi a mon's dinner on's a better. "Silence in the court-roothere," thundered a police magistrate; "the Court has already committed four prisoners with-- 1 out being able to hear a word of their testi- .. m mony.,, . The hog may not be thoroughly posted in arithmetic, but when you come, to square root he is there the hog is. AVho is tho straightest man mentioned in the Bible? Joseph; because Pharaoh made a ruler of him, A doctoiTs wife, who Attempted to move herJiusbanrl JiyMai3r was Answered!thus;i Ann, tears are usele$s; I have analyzed ; Jane Godfrey. 25, 1876. " ; As it is seldom that this place is represented through your columns, I thought I would write and let you know what we are doing here in this part of the Lord's vineyard. I - 1 them; they contain a little phosphate of lime, some chlorate of sodium, and that's all." think that the most of the people here are trying to live their religion and serve God. Our Sabbath meetings are well attended. Our Relief Society is doing well under the Presidency of Sister E. G. Stickney. On Monday, the 22nd inst., our Bishop and twelve of the most prominent ladies of Santaquin, including tho president and counsel ors of the Relief Society, presideut of the r. : Your affectionate daughter, . Young Ladies, Improvement Association, and other officers of both societies went down to Spring Lake and organized a branclj Relief Society in that place; it being too far for sisters with small families to attend the meetings here. By unanimous voto the following named sisters were appointed and set apart as officers at Spring Lake under the presidency of Santaquin: Mrs. Elizabeth Broadbent President, Mrs. Melissa Babbit and Sarah A. Jonson Counselors, Mrs. Delcenia Babbit Secretary, and Mrs. MarPresident garet Spanihowr Treasurer. Stickney read the instructions Miss E. R. Snow published in the "Deseret News" of April 23rd, 1868. The Bishop gave the sis. ters a great deal of very good and valuable instruction. I can say that our Young Ladies' Improvement Association is doing well; our young ladies are imDroYincrjanidlv: wo hold-numeetings once a week, which are generally very interesting. We have a weekly manuscript paper which is composed entirely of original compositions, which is read every meeting by 3ome of our young ladies; the name of the paper is 'Our Young Ladies' Thoughts.' We have had no work done in our meetings until lately, but now we are' making a quilt for tho benefit of the Temple, and as soon as that is finished we intend to make somo other things for the same purpose, for we desire to do all we can to forward tho work of the Lord. - . Our young people have not indulged in round dancing this past winter, and all our parties, since we heard the instructions of President Young, have been dismissed at 10 o'clock, and all seem satisfied with it. The Exponent is read with great inter-.- .. . ! I ! ! ! y. Santaquin, May Editor Exponent: PEN AND SCISSORS. , i, "Sam, what do you suppose is the reason that the sun goes towards the south in the winter? "Well, I dunno, massa, 'less he no "stand do climate of norf, and so am bliged to go to de souf where ho speriences warmer longitude." A "personal" in a New York daily a short time ago stated that, "If John Brown, formerly of Philadelphia, will call at No. Bank Street, he will hear something to his advantage." John Brown called ; there whs about two hundred and fifty of him and he has been calling at the rate of forty- seven per day ever since the personal appeared. The jealous man is always hunting for something he doesn't expect to find, and after he has found it, he is mad because he has. lie is always happy just in proportion as he is miserable. No costly monument shall mark. Tho place where thou art sleeping-- , Cut angel bands and loving hearts, Their silent watch are keeping. rRovo, June . wo can hold communion with God, the only true source from which we can receive comfort and consolation. When our minds are darkened, troubled, clouded or depressed, in all our sorrows and afflictions, we can go ; ' itemJntercstia mission. i ' ( w - y . :; . . before our Father in heaven, in faith and humility of heart, and have the assurance that . He will hear and answer our prayers; .Jesus, when . teaching his disciples to pray, told them to use simple words, and he charged them not to make vain repetitions, like the heathen, and above all not to make long prayers like the Pharisees, who think to for their much speaking. We I read Jnitho Bible that Hezekiah, after he hadr received tho messago. of death, through prayer EOTu And many . other instances are mentioned in tho BiblQ of prayer being answered; and in our daily i life. we cari see wherein our prayers have .been answered to the very let-- tcr. What Js there more pleasing than to see a little child scarcely able to articulate the words, kneeling by its mother's knee, lisping a little prayer which she has taught it, asking God to "bless papa and , inamma,M bo-hear- know where to commence. .The principal The bishop' said we had an 6p- x portunity lof helping tho missionaries to an outfit. We accordingly worked with our sincere good will, and provided what .wo could for the family thatwas called from our wardC 'There was a party made for the Arizona boys, as a farewell compliment, and wTe: thought it was all over. The young man who was sent from the Second ward had started a few days before, but his tean being 'weak and his heart per- - ' haps weaker, he returned to attend the farewell ball. He waited on a young lady ' who,' If Is said, ho had been casting a wish- full towards. I supposcJio found tho ' ball eye a success; ho- - succeeded at any rate in persuading the young lady to cast her lot with his and try the Arizona mission. As sho bclonged'lri" ourWard, wo took an sub-jec- tf that can po spoken of, or written upon j it is tho only medium through which I intended to write something of our Sobut I feel-s- o ciety business the next-time- , little in the humor of writing that I scarcely " Mary. Prayer is one of tho most beautiful PIPSEY PAPERS. .. 3, 1876. PRAYER. j 3 -- needs as well as we could. Nine days from tho time ho tried his fato ho started on his way rejoicing, with a stronger, team and a braver heart, with a loving wife and the be st wishes of true friends, that their jour, ney through life might not all bo so rough as at the beginning. If I was a novelist it would furnish tho plot for an interesting story; but, as it is, I can only give you tho circumstance, which was very interesting to us at the time, I can assure you. Our Society had been for some time talk- ing of making a ball, and after our mission, ary labors wTere over wo turned our attention to that. Wishing to carry out tho President's counsel, we issued our tickets for tho, next Friday at two p. m. We met accordingly at Academy llall. The; ball was opened by prayer, .and while a portion were dancing, a committee appointed for the purpose laid the table in the lower part of tho hall, which was abundantly, large, arranging tho picnic as it was brought in. At four o'clock we partook of a very nice supper, after which the tables were cileared, the hall filled with dancers, and all went merry as a marriage bell. At ten o'clock our Bishop offered a prayer and dismissed us. It was a veiy enjoyable affair, and the best of order and good feelings prevailed. A few days later we were called to part wi th a beloved sLsterMrs. HarrieJoberts 'relict of the late Horace Roberts of Provo. She was a kind mother, a faithful saint, and an active member of our society; she belonged to tho board of appraisal. . She died after a protracted -- illnessr beloved and respected by all who know her. : ! &c. ? d. Or what will cause a parents heart to rejoice more, than to peep into the chamber of their son or daughter of rlpef years, and to find them, before retlririg, ujton their knees; thanking Qod for his past blessings, and asking him to preserve them through the night and unto the end of: their day. And wo feel sure thelrprayer will be heard by nim- who hcare th in. secret and reward-' etti openly. T , " 