ens WOMAN ' S EXPONENT. THE LOST BABIES. ! , Where I brought you iopg.igoV';'5",' thehair was bright with sunshine ! That is now like winter's snow, ; ; y j Let us talk about the babies As we sit here all alone; t;.. Such a merry troepof youngsters;' "7-- r ' How we lost them bne.by onoi i Jack, the first of all the party, ; : r . ; , w Tl . ! " -- ; 1 Like a little fairy princess : ' Ruling at the age of three. , 7 With the years there came a wedding How jour fond heart swelled 1th pride When the lord of all the country Chose your baby for his bridal Watch that stately carriage coming, And the form reclining there Would you think that brilliant lady' ? 7 Could be our own little Clare? , ; : it'-cam- e, . ! -- : ; .. . ht, rfuineiv Rtlsesurtfiboghtsranti 1 For the Expoxest. REMEMBERED HAPPINESS. (One of the English poets saya "at.thing of but I proposo to . beauty is a joy forever,", iv umi; imuiom: anojner version 'fril'on give lf1V for ....... TT..nn:nAa-nnnId ft. much the, ..happiness 0j past everj 7 How , .tlays adds to the felicity pr;tuo preseui: Thappy childnood, ispenttbenealH the eyo ol parents '.who wp.ro wisely indulgentdiffuses over iho whole life a. feeling of. alm pleasure and satisfaction,and oven; in age, is still ' a 'ioy forevef.;' No happiness is confined . . . n , vate it, aiul lleaven Will Ue around aud about us; we know hot how rich we are un. til we examine the treasury which God has bequeathed to His children.' Let us help to make others happy, and if posslblo teach the art of acquiring it. Tho' material lies around alt more or less, butve differ so much In temperament and organism,: men-tall- y and physically,1 that each must select for themselves out of the rich material our Father has provided us with. Byron wrote: "The Past is nothing.' Vilh such a wiud a3 he possessed, he could not have been in a moou wnen no wrwvu;u healthy -. f- ; And bless the die in which T" ' - Ull UUl nr. , bright epoch will be & 7 cast. ' i :: -- . ' ' recall an agreeablci tour through country, where we beheld splendid scenery, and every heauty which nature and.art;com. bined could throw together we, made it a. i lovely s. l'. : , " Han yin T. King. - City.- Fancies ar6 the blossoms of facts; on -- pur- er and lovelier for their strong holdin truth, fin. be- " just thefairest roses arofgrown t it soil. " ;r cotton crop in the South this year will exceod the limits of 4,000,000 bales. TintKi: car loads of silk, worm eggs val. ued at $80,000,000 have' leeu taken from San Francisco to Now York recently. , The : !:TiiEnmbeoC for the same timo this season was 239,874$ i? 7 V 7 Iast7ycari253, 045.s The largest polished plate ever exhibited was the work of' the Thames Plate Glass 5 Company of Engtatid, measuring .19 feet, inches Ion?, and 10, feet I) inches wide. In 1653 the Paris om n i bu ves carried 40, onn nnn nrwpnrst in .flStiO 72.000.000: in 1$G7, Exhibithm year, 12l,OU0,qO0; in 18G9, 119,000,000; in 1971,7800000; in 1872, 111 : - f 000,000; and in 1874, overllOOO.OOO. Is doubtless safe to say that wo havaas voters in the United States fully 1,000,000 of men who religiously hold that their first and highest allegiance Is due to the I'ope ot Itome National Protestant. ; or weal, The Past Z3 something the m!ghty past la built upon ich through Eternities may tost! ' The future is within the Vtllt . . Obscure in its unfolded tale, f ; , , BvX yet whate'er u r G cd's. behest, blest. been have we for II bless iin, Let's nf.jthat Joy foreverr?- - we Tvith agreeable companyj.every76plrit ting one in a desire to promote tho happiness , ; ; reveal yesYes the present willwoe wstrt11nitinn4 vw tra ' , : : J UO "Th rast la nothingr Few can s At Their star of life has left ho ray view . That o'er their retrospective hue. of Casts glowing tints pinky ' I revel lathe hoarded Past; ' . rl? UUv,. lo me present moiufm, iur ujcmuij it immortal. If any one nas aauea xo our their happiness, by their social pleasantry, their and cheerful intelligent conversation, ready attentions; tne iaco o tuai, mvuu v wilt rlso before us unchanged, years after . tL -- a FOTIfl I cful , . . iiii at- mosphere of happi ness. 7 Let us then -- Seioctcd VW1 siira'tions-tour'Qre- at Father who dwells in , 4Tm w V i)ui-an- Then the last, a blue-eye- d youngster ' - I can hca r hlm prattling n ow 7 1 Such a strong and sturdy fellow,' i With hi ; broad and honest brow. Bow be used to love h!s mother! , ; ; .Ah! I see y ur trembling lip! Ho is far off on the water, : Captain of a royal H1p. See the bronze up.n his forehead, ; Hear the voice of stern command That the-- boy who clung so fondly To his mother's gentle hand? 7' "7" Ah! my wife, we've lest thq babies,. Ours so long and ours alone;; i: What arc we to these great ptople, Stately men atd women grown? . Seldom do e even see them: starts, Yes, a bitter tear-dro- As we sit here In the fire-HgLonely hearth and ionefj hearts.' ' All their lives are full without mi ; They'll stop long enough one day t Jnst to lay us in tht churchyard,, ; Then they'll each go ou their way. : . ..... , 'K- . ft. V rin-thetasteiuugam:oianLAnu . ! ' aelf-sacrifici- ng gig.clhnbupon my.anec, A frt ; Then a girl with curly tresses mm jah . . ' : . - , ? a ! ; 5" , f Came to us one winter's night. Jack, you said, should bo a parson Long before ho saw the light. Do you see that great cathedral, . Filled the transept, and the naveV Ilear the organ grandly pealing, ' Watch the'tllken hangings wave; See the priest.in robes of. fficeTrr ,; With the alter at bis back Would you think that gifted preacher . ' r Could be our own little Jack? V 7 ? f;.Tn "'tho autumn of 1871, notices were portinnoceni pleasured We parted with regret, ed in public places in Cadiz, Spain, that on perhaps never to meet on earth again, but a cenain jaay mo puu m xLturu, u mugum-cen- t was the happiness ieXtirict? No, our im- animal, would be introduced into the pressions were indelible, and they remain a arena of the amphitheatre, and that when ujoy !forever.n If we desire to excite our he had been goaaea to tno utiqrmost iury, ideality, we have only to recall these sunny a young girl would appear and " reduce days of happinessj and the sweet moonlight to quiet subjection tThe giH whdwaito of memory beguiles us to a return of the aet'thi3arlng;part-3vas;.beautiful and happy, Nothing like the sunpeasant girl ;,whd--dial, only theu sunny hours ,of life! Oh! -- IIUU 1CU UjllU puituu mo uuu vuiuii mo of its growth. On the appointed day, the bless, them who havo been kind to us in vast amphitheatre was packed with an eai days that arc past! What a treasury is the El full of riches when, with a terrific roar, remembrance of them--hoger crowd, nfV t fl nntnt-Ar- l rn h PVPS vi v w M rtn 'i hoarded up with miserly care, were we in iuui yJ Km bv v thovVt -ami dilatinrr nostrils. The nleadors attacked a dungeon its bars and bolts. could not rob him jvarily and hurled their hanaeriiias 7 us of one Jota, but are with lis as a oy for 8malj jayIntende ever. ido vrcmuru nuu ivtucu un huuvj uu We recall our youthful homeswi th their ovoA r!rht. ruindHrilhis in his neck and magical influence and associations, with tho 7 Lares and Penates of those circles, oven shoulders, the signal was given, 4ind ho was left alone in his paroxysmof' wrath. : .Pres.; our beloved parents, "so wise, so good, w jvnti it iirtt musical rinto was heard, and a for our comfort and well-be- 7 uvw aavw 1; I ?ing! The contemplation of these will be a study" through tmieyetiri"we"lirDTeunitn t. Huranir lightly into 'the arena, ap ed with them; and then again our brothers proaching the bull fearlessly, at tho same and sisters, our friends and playmates, the time calling his name "Moro. Moro! Ya copartners of our infantile joys arid sorAt the first sound of the sweet voice," ivoy rows, and on them our memory is immorthe animal ceased his fury and turned total. Then came the magnates ot our ri per and when ward the place whence years, those with whm our souls conversed he saw the girl he plainly manifested pleaswith whom we took sweet counsel whose ure. 8he came to his head and , put forth love to us was passing the love of w6iueA,;-thougher hand, which; he licked with, hb tongue. some1 were of that genius Those Then she mgra low, sweet eong, at the years, with all thei r powerful rvuiiniscenses 7same time caressing the animal, by patting rise before us, and verily they are a joy him on tho forehead, and, while she sang, forever." I have traced but a brief portion the suffering monarch kneeled at her, feet. even of the outline; and then there is the Then she stooped and gently removed the residue, and the filling up of tho picture of cruel biinderillas, after which, with her arm happiness that pervades our pathway of life. 7around El Moro's neck, she led him toward Ther remembrance lives within the prethe gate, Harper's .Weekly.--- ' r ; cincts of our own heart and brain, and it is Is this beautiful exhibition of the power unto us "a joy forever." Happiness is tin of womanly kindness typical of the future, emanation of the Spirit of God, where it exAvhen ou r pol i tieal society wi II be tern pered ists the principle of evil can, have no lasting by tho iutlupnce or ieminiuo sympuuiy uuu power; it is full of the spirit of life, of love, patriotism? wouau a juunuu, of generosity, of all that ennobles humanity; "it enlarges our hearts.exparids the mind, inFACTS .AND FIGURES, creases our intelligence, multiplies "When " POWER OF KINDNESS. of all, we jived a short, time with those spirits, enjoying every day some rte w and1 4,: Come" my wife ,' put down i he ilibler : .. Lay your'glasses on the bcofci1 7 Doth of us arc bent and aired TSi Backward, mother, let us loofc; j r This i still the same o'djjome&tcad , 131 itho It An easy observation of thc most common, sometimes tha; meanest Mhlngs .in natuj'c, will gtvo the truest lighfs,whero the greatest sagacity and industry that slight such observation' must leave us in' tho dark, or. what Is worse, amuse andmislcad us by false lights; Jn an inquiry it Is almost everythlng'to be onto in a right road. : 