T. WO MAN' felt proud of our success the past season. Ho exhibited somefine specimens of silk that had .been reeled in JLiogan, which went to show? that those interested in this branch, of home-industr- y are making rapid progress. He stated that this season from' the small expense of forty-f- i ve dollars for vthjejtelng of the cocooni he received a profit of eighty dollars, receiving two dollars per pound for cocoons; and that amount of cocoons when reeled into raw silk would bring a net profit of one hundred and twenty dollars, paying at the rate of three lars a pound for reeling. Some samples of silk had been sent to Patterson; New Jeriey, and other places, and an answer received that it was worth' twelve dollars' jier pound, which wa? very encouraging to tlie society and ought to give us .more courage another year; those fhould get wishing to secure mulberry cuttings ' them now and keep them i n 1 he cellar until the frost is out of the ground next spring, and ' then set them cut. SIrV Barney 's ai that tht, prospects of our ' home InduUries vere brightening and. especially that of ilk, and this association hoped that all those who might have felt discourffgetT by not finding a majket for their: cr coons, would take new courage as we could now reel our;silk at heme, and get a remunerative price for it. All of our farmers h'ould set out mulberry trees next spring By: doing to they would bs helping tmerof the home ; I ndustries that ere Ion? will rank among tbe best, and be enriching (themselves and1' the community, by keeping- hundreds of dollars at home which is now sent out of the Territo y every year; addressed by others and The meeting-wa- s dol- ' . T - 1 all felt encoUragedi ;" - vj- Meeting adjourned till the first Wednesday inrJanuary. 1877, at the Firemen? Hall. It. Simpson . KrcftKTAuv. NOTE S KROM A COIIIJESI ON DENT. . You asked me in your la?t, to give you all the political information I could. Now the political matters of this nation are one stupendous fraud from beginning to end; but as this dees not preclude the possibility of telling the truth about it, I will endeavor to respond to the requirement as far as my natural abilities will permit. But, to come, to ;the point, there is oue thing which has come Under my notice while here, whether it will bear a political construction or not I leave you to judge. . , One thing certain though, political and legislative tyranny is the cause. The matter to which I allude is the hard times now so prevalent throughout the country, and which, poor people are deluded into the belief will change. Aunt Em, the "good time coming" :to this nation as a body, is a myth and delusion which the rich and proud are in tlio liabit'df using to beguile the minds of the poor 'and classes while they bind; their oppressive chains the tighter. x The state of atTairs in this region, at the present time is the state f atTairs throughout the United States. Corruption and tyranny are the characteristics of those who are in power, poverty and misery, these of the working classes. The blanches of industry, ihc more remunerative ones, arc iu ,tbo hands of,, and controlled by a few rich men who beside this aie the members ef the jegislatur; and tbey instead tf working far the good ;0f the people at large are banded together for self and use the power placed in their hands, for; the purpose of robbing the poor and enriching themselves. U might be said that tho whole state iUelf, hard-worki- x . i . ng S EXP ONE NT. Is owned by these few; for not only can they control the capital of the country, but even the lives liberties and consciences of her because of having beeome acquainted with their heavenly Father, and the principles citizens. As an instance. Among the branches of industry? here coal mining is the most im- poriant; especially irHho place wlure I i.ow am is this the case, and the companies who work the mines also own or control the Lrni!. roads. ' TTt. rJ In the adjoining large citfe3, large store houses are built and constautly supplied with Coal, as the deroajioMncreases or diminishes. WhiTethi demand is equal to the tupply all goes well, the rich man pockets his dividend, and the poor miner "can support T hisr farniiy; But should the state: of the market change, and the coal on hand begin to accumulate .while the owners dividend decreases corres-pou- d i ng'y , the o der is givenl?the'ownirs shut down, discharge their hands who depend on the employment for their daily bread, and the coat houses' ap4.yaidvf"r: rat lief ,"!i:o!6uperin-- . tendents advance their prices till they pay.ihe same dividend, 10 per" cenK. for coal" is always in demand to. force degree; thus you see, while the rich man loses nothing by the change, the poor man is in danger of starva-cio- fel-lo- w - creatures, and have proven that their greatest happiness consists riavministeiing to the comforts of others. Wo havo learned that heaven must be begun at home, that if we ever truly enjoy a heaven, wo, .must exert all our powers to assist in makjng it eurselv.es, and help establish the principles of truth and righteousness upon the .earth, that there may be a people prepared for tho second coming of tho Lord - and : Savior vhenrIIejcomes to take, -- vengeance upon-thWicked and-a- ll who know him, not. Vro can also comprehend something; ot that charity of which Paul speiiks, which suffefeth long and la kind thinketh py ovil, is not easily provoked, hopelli aU .thiigs, endureth all things," to make th allowance for our fellQwbeing3 that. , we desire they and the Lord should make fotusj considering that when we have striven to our utmost we are yet unprofitable teryants.; We are taught ; to keep heSj))r continually with us, to purify our jvery thought and feeling, that7wo may 7 have claim upon tho blessings of the :IiOrd. In fine, the instructions we,, receivo jinclude everything that is pure, noble and exaltipg, arid are calculated Jo; make those who 'accept them and carry them outin their lives great and mfghty women in tho kingdom of God, arid finally exalt them in tX presence. Men should wo not bo grateful !for this boon? Yes, we should give,thanks da,ily to our Father, and prove our. appreciation of this blessing by being faithful to all t!e cove nan t s we have mud c, carrying out, i n our lives every commandment that is given through the servants of God, being will jng that ourselves and all wo possess shall , bo used for tho iurlheranco of His righteous purposes, "For what doth it profit a man if a gift is bestowed upon him andtha reelv-ct-h not the gift, Behold he rejoiceth - not in that which is given him, neither rejolceth in Ilim who ia.tiie Giver of the gffl.J'Ooc-tririean- d Covenants, p. 90. j)ear eislers, let us receive and rejoice in the opportunities given us through the .Betfenchment Associations, wliich will, if improved, brng U2 'knowledge and happiness both er6 and 1 o n. And hot only this, but when they cannot kep their own increase up to the established line, they lower the wages of their employees, or let them lay id Jo "hair the time. All this time provisions are as: high a9 ever, wages may lower, but provisions are the same or higher. And rhe, worst is this; that it is tho poor man's fault. They dare not vote for other men than those who employ them, they would be discharged and thus this system of tian is the means of placing these tyrants in power, while the laboring classes, not being united, forge tho very chains they are groaning under. If the superintendent of a mine votes for Hayes and Wheeler, or vice versa, his1 employees dare not do otherwise; their bread and butter are at stako and they submit to having their liberties stripped frum them, their consciences violated by being obliged to uphold men whom they fear and despise, and their richts trampled on by Che laws of a country which bjasts of freedom and equal .rights to ail. Who can view this picture without di?gust- Does it not foreshadow; something terrible? We can but come to this conclusion, the hat d of Almighty God is ,011 this nation, and the day of their destruction, which .has been predicted by the holy prophets is c!ose at hand. They are nearly ripe in iniquity, and the wrath of the Almighty Is but staid, in mercy, to give thera a chance to repent. Woe betide those w ho: harden their hearts against the truth, for the edict has gone forth and the Lord has spoken. Gcod honest" men as rulers make "good times." This country eanuot boast of cither at this time. of the holy gospel which bringeth ijoy and and peace that the woridcan neither give nor take away. A continual growth in the tMngspf.God can be observed iinhosenlT have been, faithful to their duties in these societies from the first. They have learned to govern self, and have to a great degree gained power over tho evil propensities of their nature, and temptations of daily life, have learned to seek tho good of their , : tod - . , hereafter. ".. S. L City, Oct. 18, 18715. '. JIaky A. F. . 1T ; L ; Spanish Cream. Oac half boxof gektui one quart of milk, four eggsv- beaten jpmtery,3'one tho inilk cup of sugar. Take a small quantity'1 to soak the gelatine, put on the back o( the stove. Let the remainder of tho - milk ' boil. ' Mix the yolks and sugar together and stir qmckly into tho scalding milk, let boil about a minute,then take off and stir in the soaked gelatine, put' aiida for or twenty minutes, then stir ' in the whites of the eggs, by the spoonfed slowly' and thoroaghly, and flavor to taste with vanilla. : Jip'yoar 'molds in cold water and pour in the cream' to "xoolr ' fi tf " ' THE BLESSINGS OF ItKTItENCII-MEN- T ASSOCIATIONS. never realized our these positiorisr mission onjho earth until institutions were brought forth by . tho Inspiration of heaven.' CVu.wo Imagine what . would have been tho condition of the had not the Lord Daughters of Zloh in His niercy conferred this bioising upon on us. It certainly could not ha vo been as IrHho first ptace ye to-da- -- f-te- cn !? y favorable as lls. Many c&n look back to their Ant associations 'in theee Moieties as o tho damning of a pew nwj hppier life Lemoa Jelly. :Take one packastr ot f clatine, add one pint of cold water juice i pi t. Ujcpns; let them stand one oar, then ad4 ope pin t of boil, iog water, Qjbj, of, white crust I 3r,sfraia and cool. ; A 