woman's; Appelles.- - Aleiander went . to 150 Norman Conquest" is now about to bo pub- lished .;....Mrs; Charles Kimrsleyi will soon publish a memoir of with from his largecsejtiohj correspondence soo-ihi- portrait at Ephesus, painted by Apelles; but did not commend the piece as it desery-- ; ed. Ah.orse was introduced, and neighed to the horso in tho 'picturo as if it, were a EXPO NEE'T? her-husba- Mrs. Antoinette Brown Blackwell is writing a book called "The Physical Basis of Immortality." It is to bo offered to xho Ladie3 Department of the Centennial. Miss Celia Elizabeth Harris, of Nebraska, a native of SQpth Bend, Ind., leads tho .medical'fcla'''bjl6stoii llm verslty,; wWch graduated Wednesday, March 1st. ; Ex.Empress Eugenie lives In a plain and; unpretending manner at Chiselhurst; the lato Emperor's place at table Is daily decked with a bunch of fresh violets. r i Mary Norton, about 1C69, gave the land on which the- - old South Church stands, "for tho erecting of a house for their assembling themselves together to worship Godlmd:f5r - . whatever.'' Jennie June writes concerning M Iss Alcott that she is not small, as the Impression which her books give, but tall, graceful and charming in appearanceTu tt e rifree from nonsense, shams and pretences, a quick shrewd and intelligent observer, and extremely kind; and loving to children, who in turn adore her. ; Miss Lucy Hale, thb oldest inhabitant of Plymouth, Mass., died on the 5th of February In the 99th year of her age; she leaves a brother and sister whoso ages are respectively 93 and 95 years. Until within a few dajs previourto her death, when she had a fall, she, retained' possession of her faculties toa wonderful degree. nd, " ? ' THE CULTIVATION OF THE HOME. the horse seems to be'aJbetter connoisseur than yourself." 5- Anecdote of Foote Comedian. the west Almost alinien havo an instinctive respect if not love for the mere words home and mother, but it rests with women to lift them up out of the region of simple abstraction, vitalize them and i render them significant ot all that fulness of peace and rest and joy and sathfacjtionjwhich .theydo m eari to those who have known the blessed realities of which they are the weak repre sentatives. - ratlence and -- seif,denialTtire needed,4 for few people know what is erood -- of England, Foote, traveling in the one at dined day an inn. When the cloth removed-thlandlord asked him how was he liked his fare? "I havedined as well as. any man in England,"- - said Foote. uEx-- r cept Mr. Mayor," cried the landlord.--- I. do not except anybody whatever," said he. "But you . must' bawled the host. "I e won't."" You must" At length the strife ended by tho landlord (who was a petty magistrate) taking Foote before who observed that it had, been customary in that town for a great number of years al- -. ways to except the mayor, and accordingly fined him a shilling for not conforming to this ancient custom. Upon this decision j?ooce paia ine snimng, atxne Bame nme)o serving that he thought the landlord the greatest fool in Christendom Except Mr. the-May- Mayor. i " ; f ?! Joi; them morally any mdrothari they physicallybut tha workingrouti or SPLINTERS. GENERAL. A Ladies' Debating Club has been started in London . . ... .The London Universi ty has resolved in favor of conferring degrees up. on women... ...The Sultan of Turkey is building a mosque, to cost when finished $10,000 .... .'.New Jersey has voted $120,000 in all to me euieuuiai Druwn papct,-- waucw are now manufactured extensively in England, and used on the beds of the poor...... A paragraph history of the Americrn Revolution will be a Centennial publication by Robert Brothers of Boston.... ..The second flt "encafvn nf Orientalists ef w v ih nw PnntrrAQQ UVjJU1U VVJj vww Marseilles will take place from the 4th to the 10th of Oct. next under the presidency of M. I. Abbi F. Tonongi;;....Gladstone and the Duke Argyle, each have articles in the March number of the Cotemporary Review. jsn.'OQO soldiers will co to Cuba to auell tho insurrection...... ...Russia has incorporated Khokand among her possessions, General Scoreloflf has been1 appointed Governor of the new province, it is named Ferghan. Accounts of the devastation from the inun dations in Hungary are terrible; 12,000 out of 18,000 inhabitants of Althorer are home- less.... .'.The Cincinnati Carnival, or Mardi- Gras Festival, proved a complete success; it is said to have been finer than any display in tho South. ; l-- . of-Bost- dp - duty always pays in the end pays! that is, a name for it and indeed, poor unworthy it yields infinite Satisfaction and comfort, while merely consulting one's1 own wishes and inclinations fail signally and inevitably to yield even the small return of individual satisfaction and enjoyment. "Women have no conception of the, power for good or for evil which they hold lrrheir hands, by the proper growth and cult! vation of the home.x Here the power of the woman, by its ju dicious exercise, can indeed in time, if not at first, become supreme. Lawless instincts can be checked order, ,which is heaven's first law, encouraged, and an example of grace," gentleness and refinement set, which-lay- s the foundation for the finest manners of the most cultivated people in the wDld. Women are natural conservators; men look to them to formulate and, preserve these domestic and social amenities which beautify y HOUSEHOLD HINTS. Broiled Ham. Cut in thin slices and soak fifPour off this and teen miautes in hot water. soak again as long. Wipe dry and broil oVer a Ham that is al- -. ; quick fire, and then pepper it. ready cooked rare is the best for broiling. ... . . ; , ' I thought I would say a few words to the Retrenchmentgirjs about wiUng toJhe Exponent.- I know thatrmany. ; of them , though they cannot express their feelings in their meetings could do so on paper. Af" great many think they are not capable of writing for a paper, they think it. is above their abilities. I know that we have in our Retrenchment Associations girls who have - -- j 1 -- 'Putnam and Sons in their ''Brief BiograFreeman's "History of the : phies" .U..C. idea3 and sentiments which would benefit others. It only requires careful thought and calm reflection, and any girl, who loves her religion and possesses purity of. heart, - would at least benefit herself and improve ' ; - - r ; - :;r ; , hard-boile- tablespoonful of Vinegar and chopped caper or v : "vv"" green nasturtion seeds. ; " "Salad Ieslng. ftl : teasDbonful of mustard, two of salt. and add a four of sweet oil, three of sharp vinegar, and the yelks of two well boiled eggs rubbed fine. . Mix first the egg and potatoes, add th mustard and salt, gradually mix in the oil stjrrmg vigorously the while. . Stir in the vinegar last : Heltcd butter may bo used in the place of sweet oU. The mora a salad dressing is stirred tho better it will I saw a piece in the Exponent a .few months ago from a little girl ten years old. I think It is an indication of courage and of an earnest desire to Improve, when one so young untertakes that- which wo that are older feel our incompetency to do; but I would not" bo without the Exponent for anythlng,and after I have read it I sendIn-it to Scotland, where it Is read with great terest and pleasure. May God bless us, and desiro prosper us-i- every good wish is the ' of your sister in the Gospel, Saiuii .McKean. . "a L. City, Jan. 4th, 1S75. . i shines with a double lustre" when it is sot in humanity. Ax able and yet a humblo man is a jewel worth a kingdom. William Pcnn. SENsfi n ri " , - tea-cu- - - - eggs, andx add a cup of milk, half a teaspoonful of salt, and a pinch of pepper. Pour into hot fat, and cook it till just stiffened. Turn it on a platter brown side uppermost. Some add minced cooked ham, others put in chopped cauliflower o:asaragujcooked "and cold: Drawn Butter. Take six tahlespoonfuls of butter, half a teaspoonful of salt, two teaspoonfuls of flour or of fine bread crumbs worked into the butof hot water. Heat very hot ter and one p and chopd but do hot let it boil. Two fish add a ped eggs improve it very much." For : -- mind.- uls ..Egg Omelet Beat the yolks of six For the Exponent. ENCOURAGFMENT. Augusta Evans is said to have received8 from Carleton the publisher $100,000 in , anniver144th was the 22nd years.. ....Feb. sary of the birth of Washington... ..Lord ' Stratford de Radcilffe, 88 years old, has Just written a play called "Alfred the Great at Madamo. Neiison is. going Athelney" the round of Europe; her tour including Holland, Germany and France; it is said her voice is declining in beauty and power. '....Queen Victoria : recently seiit ; twenty braccof pheasants to King's College Hoa-pital and a similar present to other hospitals Mme. Rosa Caillag, once a famous contralto singer, has lately been made professor in the Conservatory of Music at Vienna Edward King's sketches of French political leaders .will ba published immediately by - using. r . three Jlint Sauce for Boast Lamb.-Chp- p of green mint, and add a heaping of tablespoouful of sugar, and half a coffee-cu- p vinegar. Stir thorn whik heating, and cool before He-spoonf- Chronicle. ) f : m -- on : existence and render the neglect of the world or the kicks and scorns of fortune more endurable But they can do moro eduthan this; they can make home-lifecation for the heart, a purifierf the mind; at once a solace ,and a stimulus to tho. happy participants, as it is the basis of good government and highest incentive to patriotic endeavor. The homes of a people are an index to the character of a community. . WOMAN'S: RECORD, ,;. ! ; 