14 For the Exponent. AMBITION. liY BLANCHE EEECIIWOOD. 'Loisiiss f fcutillire a"ril aspirations higb,'' These few words will find a ready rc- tfDoiis'a-in'lhhearts of-- thousands. Thero are few people surety, but that have sometimes felt an undefinablp Jf not a definite : r longingio do sometjngnobjoto; attain to some position worthy of merit, or, respect, if not of admiration. This inherent principle in human nature is a, spark of divinity, and properly CexeVcisedand .controlled is certainly a quality which would admit of the highest cultivation. It is a human plant and should have abundant care in the training; left wild, it would be an uncouth, overgrowth, entirely unadapted to human intelligences, but hedging it about with graceful and appropriate shrubbery and foliage and giving it the support of some; lofty and reliable object,-i- t maydevel-int- o something grandand sublime. Ambition may be compared to the lofty heights of tho stupendous mountains, which' took so grand in the distance, which enchant and dazzle the beholder with the golden and purple hazo, and attract by their bewildering splendor, and viewing ill-shap- erf . ; them with rsmahticimaginings one fancies would bo the ascent, and fixing the attcnitorperhaps upon somo specified point, bend every energy to gain the alhow desert are Jresh bnbbling'j springs! of living water, that cboVthe paj&hed lips, and with which to lave; ithe .heatedVbrow& '? ;:, Occasionally a real friend crosses the way ; and the hearty welcome; t the, true encou thel prompt aid jvSo;irniich needed to cheer, to: inspire and revive .tho waning i' courage, is given in such sincerity: that one cannot but feel an .Infinite , sense-- of gratitude and a mord ardent desire to reach.: the pinnacle forwhich; they started. It is commendable to seek some perma. nent good for the general wellare of tho human family. How insignificant and narrow to a noble mind is that" person who is as to utterly ignore another's iso progress, or pass their endeavors' by with scorn, or, indifference, sometimes without even according? the civility of a recognition of heroism,, courage or merit How encouraging. tbTthe weary traveler is tho friendly word the cheery smile, the hospitable welcome upon the dreary way. "Such is life,'? pursue whatever path you may, you tread the common earth, travel where others have tiod; the hills are rough alike for all, it is common dust, and mire and herbage, and even should one roach thebeauti-lu- l mountain, would it possess tho charm it held out rn anticipation? Would there be rest and peace, or would "one look back at the beautiful valley below, where they stood as boy or girl, with yearning heart and admiring eyes, gazing forward into the distance eager to join the: chase for some lofty ambition? . esy luring height. Perchance it seemed very near at first, very 'easy of access and the ambitious climber, thought a firm resolve . . . self-absorb- : . -- S. L. City, May 23, 1876. -- and determination to) persevere were guarantees of sure success, and all would be smooth upon the route. Alas for the fallacy okhuman schemes! The golden haze that suSounded tho desired point shed a soft and glimmering glamour over the intervening distance, and hid from sight all questionable objects, and with light heart and undoubting faith, tho aspirant presses, forward, and ere long encauners hedges,-thorusthistles, and sharp rocks to bo pass-e- d over, and sometimes wounds are inflicted 'by tncfn, where tho surface looked smooth and flattering. lYlioxonld-Jiavf- i thought, when the dis tance seemed so easy to dotemilneTirwoutd take so much weary travel over rough roads, and through deep mire, across wide yawning chasms, and winding intricate i paths,and through narrow ravines, where an incautious step would obstruct all future progress in tho desired route? Often upon tho weary pilgrimage do tho tired feet almost miss their firm hold stumbling and faltering for want of strength to perform tho laborious journey, advancing so immeasurably slow that tho courage slackens, and doubts ariso of tho strength of endurance to reaciv iho goal. Whether climbing to gain the point for honor, fdr popularity or wealth, or with some moro noblo purpose in view, ihere are similar, difllcnlties to encounter; and after having traveled far and long, and perhaps Svearled with the arduous struggle, tho mountains loom upas far in tho distance as at first,' and no wonder that tho many difficulties to bo overcome, seem unendurable, for It wants something like -trcngth to conquer every obstacle. Jf there were not a "happy valley " hero and there scattered along tho route where. . one might rest and recruit and mingling with kindred associations become renewed and invigorated, none could ever have tho fortitude to scale the high mountains; but theso inspire the traveler, with increased vigor to advance, and now and then in the , 1 super-huma- n , . ed Boys, when you come into the house for your meals,and find the dinner or supper not quite ready, and your mother or sister hurry- ing around heated and tired,instead ol standing about in the way, leaning against tho sink, or tilting ack in your chair against the buttery door'I wMld advise you to take hold and help the women folks. At first, maybe, you won't see any way you can help them, unless you were brought up to work occasionally in the house. Try and Come in a few moexperiment ments before dinner time, and watch the " " : stel)Fyoirrotfrertakerift pu 11i ng-- 1 he--fi n -- ishing touches to the meal. See her lift the heavy kettle of potatoes from the stove, and, holdirig it with a great effort at nearly arm's length, carry it to the sink, and then lift it up again to drain Off the water. Certainly you could do that for her. You can take tho pot of meat or beans from the oven, and thus save much of her strengthyou can set the rhairs, and run . down cellar for - the butter or bread; you can glance over Iho table, and seo if a , knife or spoon has . been misplaced in dishing up tlje dinner, and if so, quietly replace it. Wouldn't this a better way,, than, after the family are all comfortably settled at the table, lo loudly -announce, "Maam my knife and fork's gone guess you mean for me to eat with my and then mother has to fingers spring up, no matter how stiff and tired she may feel, and run to tho cupboard and bring her great boy his knife. When you notice that tho vinegar cruet, the pepper; or salt box; or any dish has been forgotten,' riso up quietly and get the same, before your moth: or has a chance to. See if she can't sit in peace at meal time, and not be continually getting up for articles. Things will bo forgotten in tho best regulated families. Prac. tical Farmer. bo to-day- :" -- -- 3 What keeps' lent the Money. . ":- longest and best? - Pit att v i li jE,.. Sevier Co., Apr. s, '7i. Editor Exponent: I have often thought I would like to tell Jmysisters a Jittle of my experience in the United Order, with which we have been associated for two years, and what the prin- ciple teaches us. Itteaches us faith and instead of worrying foreyery little necessity, we simply ask our Father in Heaven, for He knows the desires of our hearts, and the way always opens so that we r. need not suffer; for if we have given all onr worldly goods forjhe upbuilding of 'His Kingdom, and spend our time and talents for the same; we can have implicit faith that the Lord will care for us. It teaches us economy, and we try to make things last as long as possible, for every little helps roll on the work; with economy comes industry; unless wo are very industrious and careful we . cannot keep things in good repair and in order; for we feel the Lord is displeased with us if we are wasteful. It teaches us contentment, (yet we sometimes hear complaints; but we feel to do what is required of us, and leave the rest in the hands of the Lord! We try to observe tho Word of Wisdom, knowing that unless we do so we cannot realize; the promised blessings. We also learn obedience, for it is ty being obedient that we expect to be exalted. But dear Sisters you must not think we have no trials, for we have many, but with the help of God we will try to overcome them all, and perfect ourselves as wo progress. It is also a great pleasure to think that we are raising our children, under such a good influence, they will, in time know nothing else, and to live any other, way-- win seem strange to them. We are endeavoring to observe the rules of the U. 6. which we know will improve any people who. will ' do so. remain your Sister in tho Gospel, 11. L. . LEARN TO BE USEFUL. to-morr- WOMAN'S VOICE. - - I Keeping Pianos in Order: 4.musi. cal journal says that there is not.attention - enough paid .to pianos to keep tb em in good tune. It asserts that a piano should be tuned at least four times in the year by an experienced tuner. If you allow it to go 4oo long without Juning, it usually becomes flat, and troubles a tuner to get it to stay at tuning pitch, especially in the country. Never place the instrument against an outside wall, or in a cold damp room, particularly in a country house. There is no greater enemy to, a piano than xOamp. Close the instrument immediately alter you practice; by leaving lt ppenj dust fixes on the sound-boar- d anpVa corrodes the movements, and if in a damp; room tho strings soon rust. Should the piano stand near or opposite to a window, guard it, if possible, against being opened, especially on a wet or damp day; and when the, sun is on the window, draw the , blind down. - Avoid putting metallic or other articles on or in the piano; such thinfreqtfently cause" unpleasant vibrations, and sfornetiines injure the instrument.. The more oven the temperature of tho room, the better the in strument will remain in tune. , A teaspoonful of; black pepper put iato the first water in which gray or buff liuen is washed "will keep it from spotting. It will also keep the colors oi bjack and colored cambrics and; tntulina from running . i :t ' ' 4 i -- i 