is at a single mqsical festival; v Mrs. EXTJRACra. ; MUSIC AND WOMAN i QRAV AT TUB WOMAS'tT CONGRESS. J ; x to'such a.jseltsac ing to devote themselves rificing study ; too many, jvhent they begtu; nmnnnt of labor reoulred: become; discouraged; and abandon Jt; and none among them yet, have acquired such will insdro jp thorough early training feet aeyiopmen i xo i.ueir- uuvuv w wvixipu- - BHling- - ton was; accusea oy ine supecsuious capui-- ; itans. 'of causlngrVhy her''' wonderful voice, the erupfibS' of Mount ?7Vesuvius .in 1794 her autobiography Ml Thierg n 'has-'trahslate- Liotbeiich;lilMr3.heridan, wiferof the dramatist; charmed by heb poetic gifts and' personal graces, 'almost as much :aa. wih her.f - ' 11? MADAME rANNY RAYMOND y r HITTER. it i Notwithstanding fhd'enlogiums of tho Greeks, music, as We tmderstand i I scarcely had an existence prior to tho establish nienF m unrisiianiiyjus.ieeDio germmnrsccr iu the ? rocks and caverns where; the n&Tl$ilhiis ttons took refuge, fao watered by the tears of the pcrseputed, developed into existence as "tho; ''Amhrosian nd.GregorJan chants,r and spread through fftoim and transition into the1 life ibf tho i thrilling voice; I- - : . h : , : i Ur Mathematics;1 Acoustics,' psychology,5 foreign ' Though we find little trace of Woman ia the' annals Of composition; that songstresses eXiitedclpable' bf interpreting tho works of i composers in an ol moskindepeiKienfcjmj ndi ner, the scores uf tld,i operas; provo,, In melody is reduced Jo a. manyi of these,-thmere thread, in order.to give the 8oagstresj3; perfect liberty in varying the, theme accord,, and tfiOT ittgta the exigencies of ;the aciipn, people, aa th& tfoubadpur;5M passionr of the poetry she had to interpret. and dance mufdcilnjiHt grsidai' And w Imt may shQ not have accomplished ally became what it nmr i th06inirigart in a secondary character, as friend,, consoler, ' of the present: day tho most Jcorisumhrate f"VVould Cfetho the ,of composer?, inspirer flower, of modern t;iviIi2atiori :iindJ artistic have accomplished all tht he; did,' if, (h his ;V culture. Weimar crcJt0,tJhe .had nbt' 'found suc wo-- ; von1 It is the most transcendental df ap ;;!(," men as the ..puchess Ateajie, Mdme.'' !f for It is a purely metaphysical.outyraf dinCrtStein, Bettina, "iintl 'the singer Corona i testation of the inward 6oul; ii:istinpJm03r Bchrceter? 7Whb dqes'ndr recall iho'exalt ed nnmnlar ef-- a art a friendships pfittrta"(lonn !l JS J J most iuem oi. Lss Angeio, 'of the Countess of Albany and ine yet jnnnueiy precise: ji idl arts, for almost a relilpninjtlf-lt- ; Alfieri, and many other interesting pf i3 the exquisitei embodiment-jinsKaken pies? So, among the friends of the compo. faith in continual- progress "toward serfec-- t aers, id me, von Breuning was a sort of in-- ; ion. In the evanescent, intangible, form of tellectual mother toUeethovenjin her kind from' from material the riessrtb and care for; him; Mdllo Boselli was posmuslc, smallest, sibilities the most yaatr;the; human? h PA T Haydn'a "inspiie : Moiarta iwlfe- - iwlib a and mind has gradually evoked lauguaigc,; to thooeroino nanie, Conatancev lio a-ve sin nrfc. a Hcifinrn. fnmn.irnri .with vhfh tho' "The his of elopement;froinT the. se opera, miraculous, fabujous creation of the - mV raglio,,, was his best; friend; the closest incold tellectual comradeship existed between gielans, of antiquiappj&apate r, Mdrae. Hen-BMendelssohn ' and r empty, and ineaoinglesA, the list of womenwho have made Wnman'a nrantlrAl :arfior as n musician jjnd ji beneficent and i inspiring uso of their ,in-- ; only began with the invention of the opera,T fluehce over composersia a long oao, though, p about 1C00. It vas not until her superior-i- t v as An actress and sin per. had- - been u nd o less so thanlhatjorihe lo ;.iit-of tho poet3 and pain tem. f v , T vn niably and triumphantly 'established on the folk-song- ' o ? , ; 1 , Ti Tovtia-!i'nAaRnitrtt!n'r- A fT' '" l-ll-l V . -- i mTTutul3uMi td frates not1 iJPt theni "better ZA rebflng to receive humano prepared, by this reasoo impressions;1 we shall find music one of the most important factors in the coming era of universal civilization, brotherhood, equality. Music possesses a lofty ethical Significance; tho very heart of humanity beats, in ita rhythm; and heart speaks to heart even more completely than brain to brain. Music too, Is, based on the social sentiment of mankind; it is tho annihilator of egotism, tho most completo expositor of ; the life of unnkind in unison, tho art whose" truest mission is to express the warmest, noblest, tnnst &C'pnprhna i human vyvKj ttf UUUiaU ICCllUgSy iUVCj faith, patriotism; tho art of order, nunityi harmony; the art that is destinod'to become in some far, distant but glorious . day the universal language, of humanity. ! y , r-- : their possessors. , f e lvifi One of tho first of these ladies mentioned In history, is Vittoria Archllei,' a musician at tho court of Florence inv IGOO, who took part in tho first opeta that was represented in public. Who ha not heard "of Faustina Bbrdoni, born In 1700; a songstress in Vbose name medals were: struck, wh Ho soeibtles were founded in honor of tier! :He rival, Itcglna Mingotti, whoso "portrait, painted by ltosalba, nowStands in thd Dresden gallery, astonished Dr. Budney by her.:afresh, riesb of voico at an advanced ago, as well as ny hef power of conversing equally well in thb favorfive languages.- lSIadamo-,Mara,- n ite singer of Frederick tlio Great, and Mario Antoinette delighted Europe for nearly fifteen years; Caterlna Gabriel!!, tho pupil of iletastaslo, excised b'er atidiehecs to alternate frenzies of admiration ritid anger by her voice; fccauty,: and caprice. ,!lt was she',who, when catnerino or itussia complained - - that her salary ttas" higher thdn that ot Jhe of tb'6 Empire replied, Let your Majesty try id irna'io tho .Kjeld Marshals sing in my placd, Uhcn!" Map amb ; Catalan!," born in: 1 770, l)ossossed a trumpcUikb power of voice. Id Iiondon, snq received twelve nunurea uouars ior singing tho solo JH "God Save the King," dollars for assisting and twelVd Field Marshals thou'd the most for ardent advocate of Wdman'u progress, to point to such a galaxy of celebrities among ; fem in I ncf composers, as may bo placed, without losing; their brilliancy, beside the names that adddustre 'tO LWomanhowl Jn other branches of art, ;and in literature. In corn! position wo cannot boast star of iuch pre- -' eminent distinction as Sappho, AspasIa,lIeI-oise- , Vittoria Colojma, Madame de Stael',f Doia d'Istria, Mrs. Biddons,, Fernan Cabal. Tero, Miss CusHmatf, iMlsi' Bronte, Bosa Bonheur, Miss Thompson, Mrs. Browning, Mrs, Jxrwes, and, the rest The list f feminine f omposcra isji brief one, and most of its, members are now living. Th'ef e was Xioopoldino IHahetka, daughter of 'a ' profess, sbr ormathematic3TInVienna, a femous pi. "anIstbwho"' published more thaij spventy songs and Lpianoforto pieces, some of which were greatly .admired by. Beethqyen'j Lang, tho .friend of Mendelsshbn, who,compO;sed jnry charming songs; Madame Iiehsel tho sister1' of f Mendelsshon; IiOursS 'Pdget,-whosvocal rom ances .enjoyed an "ehorm6us popularity iajFranco; Eliaor'I'olko, who,., carefully, trained as a aicger.lst,hcr.. voice. prematurely and wroto many pretty., novelettes, and now jfpV pears before ho Svbrld as a :Sbng composer; MadanVo Dolby' and ''Virginia 'Gabriel,' the English' Ballad Writer. Madraochiirman SfTatftdamo ' Garcia hav .both composed pome flhe works, though few-lnumber. r But women Imvo not hitherto realized' what long yer?J0f :6tiVero rqental discipline3 and scientific tmining ard nbcessary in order to master the aH bf cbmsltlon.'. This is not tH'ucli lo the discredit Of their mtienco and courage, for very few among musical stu. dents of tho other sex are, in Amerfcai will -- : Jos'-ephin- . . WJ uhhucu jau .mumue more and leap year' is gone! for.; you, forever gone! How inexpressibly sadhow inconceivably, tho thought! rJiut Within two months, brief though the period be, muclf may n bo accomplished, lick ,'out ;judiciouslyt "and with an especial eye to his total abstinence from those patent to theaspiring beerand youth, leal and iobacco, the lordly ' g oun y g man 'upon whom you would lavish your gushing' h'treciions. per-chan- ot heart-topejaip- -- air-bruk- ce, g- e3 Jiquor-contemniii- T Whereas the girl, whether fluttering ln thb .Wdeol a pfiwss or Wearihr tho ' calico polonaise of the la borer's 'daughter; who would be told that for her throb mdntns are ' for tho epP,uga wooing and tho may be .Pnipff of, as good a husband ; : -- LEAP YEAR.: 3b r b n and r,-.i- t . ( sympathy ahd-elevate- . "iFlinoverthelesvdifawH 5 the, heart iUthuV . ntagc, that she was allowed to resume her musical participation in church j service?. And what a position as an ; artiste, wo man has established Jot herself ,during the past two hundred years! The very names of those songstresses whose fame still echoes through the halls of musical history, are in themselves romances, recalling as they, do, the charms, gifts, caprices,accompUshments, charities, errors, virtues, and ad ventures pi the intelligence bui? to only ei . . , -- his-sl!e- , 7 , , - -g- tered by tho composer' gradually, and assimilation of the application through long years ui oiuuy auu piaiw uuvumu "second nature".of his mind.i!: f the ' GeniusJ talent; irrespective of Sox . too, receives...the highest emoluments and hon ors in this art; then let Woman, whoso success has been so signal a3 an exponent 'of vocal art, the art of passion,L persuasion, emotion mao a further effort, now that all opportunities are open to her, and endeavor to compose for immortality. But, to do this, she must abandon the idea that composition is an affair of instinct; tho highest nat. ural gifts demand the highest cultivation, and without it .they aro .unproductive, insignificant, useless. It; may bo somo encouragement to ,tho aspiring student to know that Jho, grandest oriinI ; idea of a Handel or a Beethoven demanded more per fect working out, more patient polishing, than - the smallest faWy; thai tsauei'fi'om ilip, brain of tho ballad writer dcmaKdaj . ;And let npt, women overlook on of thcr : ! - "u and - s, ' ?ahtT languages and liiterature, tho theory; mctlco rmanyinitrume TVlHaf latf VxA'tinab aU J.A"iF lUUOib ilanlf Ul Cneii mi vrvr uw. UltJ DClcUtD llOVM) ' : -- -- Se--on ITS a' by'anyrotherglrlwitho: faculties for tho busihor :Itis Bhaks- x? ,mim where wys and- It is PhMkspeare who knOv3-thail,J,Mtha tongue, I 'say; 13 no that tongue ho cahngt wlii o un-uestiona- bly - t, ln S)! ' . . . - - 4 V i - , 