WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 162 !' K. J . , : EEPOBTS. t to the ordinance of baptism, renew our cove-- ;. Miners ville. Editor Exponent: With tho;followIrig named oQcers: Mrs. Marlhii Curtis Presidetil, j ; , Our, society .was 'organized "Miy: 1 7th, 1875 and start anew to serve ihe Lord.i nants; ": I believe the Sisters are doing f all tbqytr can to earr out the counsel of our Bishop, J i - March Gth, 1876. ' .ifiMMiiriiTiu I havo been thinkipg for some time of are getWriting to let you know how-ting along with our Improvement Associa-- . tion. We meet together-onca week, open our meetings with prayer and singing and bear testimony to the things 'of the kingdom. : Thev young ladies Jjqf 2 the; Society take great interest in attending these meet-ing- s, and are.also improving in composing essays and take delight in learning poetry, and speaking and ' reading selections. We have good times and enjoy the spirit of tho Lord, we feel that We have His blessing with us continually;" Our Improvement Association was organized Nov; 28th, 1875, with the following officers: i - " 1; : d we pel of Christ. i; : 'ord i Miss iir ?:f'ji V1' ' Celestiaung .- '- !. f; T of tho Mrs, Melissa ICXee, President, uauisneoa ijrunuy, Miss Libbie Hamblin, i?1 - Leah Blackburn, Rhoda Baker, it Rifflh Ann Vsirnrf.. Prances Grundy, : f Wo havo also established . , y Counselors. instruetidnf i..litUe,;!girla ; a : class. . . .this' winter j -- ' - u-ui- j-m- ' '. V!TAssistH;8ep'y - We have made our resolutions as follows: lstl Besolved: That We consider It a duty on the members of this Aisocia- tion to attend Sabbath meetingsV East-da- y : meetings, and all other religious meetings , '- "of the Saints - i of $1C8 1 zna. ite8oiyea: That as we believe taking the name of God Jn vain is a deep pro- f (ill fA cYaMm-ntlMCtA- Kit nTAMln villi n V 1876. l ' i re-elect- for. some time of ; is more, interest taken in becoming.selfsus-tainin- g than Was ever knownln this settle; ment: At ftliQ "pfesent date the' Society , M mm. n u mboirs ; I received, a Tvisitfroinist valuable instructions have iunk tieep 'into and fo j vhom we sliali, ."ever I our hear i pray. iWe read your, yaluabie (paper w ; , ! ; hearts. f : . . , - i jt 'u-- if : t f7 j uhii ,:v.-- : -- -- .U -- it i - I liave b'eenUlii Mn-Georg- : : j-r- ICam as, March 13 th x 1 876. attend meetings ;very falthfuiiy and' take great pride iri Selecting gbddpieces from '"the best books and;npapers,;and a!good spirit prevails 'generally; I j rievr enjoy; myself better thanSyheri I;atten&-t;I think it a great privilege; the youngs sisl ters have to improve ttie talents tho brd has given them jifr thtsTWay.? If we; oould ' Not wishing to bo entirely forgotten by our friendsrl senduyoula communication m . . TTa valley U U. JlKll-llLlllI.Iri- .1 f m 1 m . 'VIIIIILK11 ll II I I river, III! ' I fir T ff ; V J. W .St k M 2 A la M I ' ; which .were They nheld severn-meetlnwell attended jmd a: good spirit prevailed, juwmip wieynarpiy rcprovoa us ,xor our sins, they left ui not without the hope and ' consolation of: the Gospel? but like faithful servants of their Divine Master, opened the loor wherebyvwb could, through, obedience gs , - i k '1 i i -- 1nbUigePa2:3nded6catiou:andileailli va;k00Wlede of, Outmost holy religion. 4 rha i cu ccess ; to the Exponent arid all its pai- - only realize ;thor jVQrk we! hayefUb perform and the.shoH .time1 wo, have to doJ It'in, I think we Ivould tfe more'1 ready arid will- -' irig. to respond to the calls thdt are made of us .from 'time; tb'im ; lent presidency, who are doing all they can V;'fprthe;'adhccmen't of1 tho4 young.7 Wo have resolved to rcarry out tho counsel of President Young In regard to r dancing. : -- : I A e I'-c- ; Tole, with no ; sign ioH Spring. Some time ill II ; : . t uu eo our ueuumul uumw uyuia .tJad. ia snow from mountain to -- iJ ' : -i mental culture; jrecrea.tion andsccial 'bill 'fit. riwilu- - v.?lI lj.iUh.hu hill iTh : Sunday School t is i in ; ai flourishing condition under the .supervision of Ed ward vBoborts and Jamos.Harrison.ii Credit is due Stuart j General Superintendent ,j n ofi all the, Sunday. Scliools, i in 1 h i& : yallej', ; .mJoe his untiriPg efforts to supplyHhdisfchools i j with ".book?, presents c.: ii I : WO havo two wplbattended t day schools j i n- Malad C i ty. The ca usot i.of Oducationi is nin the ascendencyihere; Our future prospects . are: cheerful to all t hose who have at heart i the culture and welfare Of; the rising, gener- - ' atlOO.i t: t &o ff ''ht J i 1 i IS: I U H udi .ii Wo a vaii. oursclTe3 y of i: every .possible iimeaus.t within; our ; reach; tot imprpvaiour-- r selves, faking in cansideralion 'i.thpeircqm-- i stances .Which; surrodnd i xis, .iarid:il believe f.nVankiiVorably Wi ththcat of; rdankind in, enjoy-nJUeufci- . ' ii-ir.h- for .plentyjpfitime.he$:iTliiter.u-iaonths : "f , I; would send yduf alrcportf of the ; orgaiifza-- i tion; of OurBetrenchm in;. ' not1 i but" '.Salem IwInawuiBfomVioyrit-- : " of letters tins ing kind; I have neglected it! until how. There are but a lew young la-- i I ' dies in this placej consequently pur society; . is but they; composed mostly of small-girls- , Mrs. Maiiy A. Osiwkk. : ; ?; i r ;"BAiMf:Ma Editor Exponents ruv r : i;f uu.l Annie Nelson, .Seey. rV - T1 ; our desire. ,ltf Yours Bespectfully, it i , : i ? loud laughter, speaking lightly of, each other and of sacred things. Our prayer is that the Lord will Jbless us .T and all those that strive to .do right; that we I may have His blessings continually, is , j ; i members and the dumber 1 20 :', ; ilnterest and. cherish itsencouraging cpun-- , sels. f Sister Hdf no organized, a"..Ypuni?' La- ; diesV Betrencnment Association, swhich we hope iwill begin a new erar in the, lives of j the young people. jTo assslst in rolling on -r the Kingdom, of God isihe desire !6f their ? s : ; ' keeps iricreasih nteach meeting.tf Great pniiso? and credit; arW dup; (bthe ladies of Majad,prorpsy6nis I wish to say .further thhti upder the superintendence of :Tour venerable andaworthy Bishop Daniels, In the mercantile 'and pth-e- r departments "of ccoperatidri wo continue to grow in wTealth and strength; and though our homes are notiiaLlbes "we enjoy peace - and plenty; - 1 The health of the? people is very good, and their circumstances cheerful, with f 3rd. Resolved: That inasmuch as strong ) unnjc is injurious to health and happiness. we will try to reduce that practice by not ' associating with thosowho use it to excess. f 4th. Bcsolved; That as we believe the .'..use of tobacco is verv inlurious to Iho hnnlfh f and veryf disagreeable inUhepriBsenceiof Jadiesi thereore we - will use all ourinflu- t ence to prevent this un wise habit. :ir 5th. IlGSnlvd Th.it ns rnnnrl Aznoi n & nl- so'i3 very injurious, to health wb will not jndulge in it to excess; and ; will try to, re- - ed plans for futurdfpperatlp in a business nahner, eacli membetgiving her views ib;thebstof,HeiS6'U , coiltributing a few lines td.yui'.yaluatipa. per in behalf of oufjel is in a flourishing c6nditlori.V I can j iruly tf, say our Associations, have united. us togefh- er; aitnougA wo nave not mucn, means wo i are rich iaVspirit, blest .with; liealthj kind hearts and ;wiUinghands thaii are reaciy td I help build up ;thei Kingdom of God. We : ianityv we will use our Influence to abolish that practice, and will abstain from1 the use )BLQQMiNa.TONarchVctii, Editor Exponents if I have been thinking I fuhrtliu"3inj withstanding tho ; many acliofjcuarity extended to the needy during the year ending Feb; 28th.!Mr3Martha vJoriesTreasurer. The officers . of j the ; Society ;.were.::.unani-mousl- y for the 'hexi' year. The '. -- r ; ? rons, !: Adieuv :tv j.V f. I .7 ') i -- Mir V'fi :.i.iv i'Ai-i- , ," :" ( ; g condition of 1 ri ;iriterest-in- ; ' J. this part t Luk-7aud;;othert- nl 7 ;;;'!. e and ;her Counselor WAv'ipn "Daniels, Esther Mrs. Esther Goodlifte read a report of the ; v .would-b- j . j; a;;:Ye;w;lines: from Lord-vihcyarx- -- branches of Home Industry.;, u ;, The Ladies of the Belief Society gaye a ball on the 27 th oftEeb., t he hall .was, beautifully decorated? for, the occasion. Dancing comcenced at olock p. m. , and; closing at, 10 j we havojiad :no round dapcing f-- i:- Co; IdaiiovF to the numerous leaders went, I avail myself of ;ftie ; oppbrf unity. r r The Belief Society' held tlieir Jmnual meeting at this place, Feh. 28 thr which was well at tehded.-- Appropriate speeches were delivered ;by the presidehtMrs. 'Jane Price for; tho ini'isome.t'-ofth- - Jackman,-,i i .Secretary... Woman's; Exponent: Thihklpgthat. 1 . Editor f almira ;..'V7 Malad City, (neida X JPrpsitlent, -- : ".- . - ' r officers!'. ounsoIors- - land .all those who are interested in its welfare is the earnest desira of our sister in, the Gos. ; - "e - BlayGOdbless "the Exponent r s'.. - 4i - e i f arah::D.,Curtis, Miss Almira Jackman, Secretay, Mrs. Delia Hanch ett, Treasurer;- - and rforwa"ri...thp'.Vprl .iri this place. Financially, wo cannot boast of our circumstances, still We do dll'ihourpbw- - er to help the poor and needy, visit the sick, ana comiort tnose wno mourn; paving iann ' in the wiprdsbf1 oiir Savior f'Inasmuchasye j have dorle It lirito one of the- least", 'of these f my! brethren, ye hayeone it unto me.lr :I cah truly say , we 'enjoy the spirit,' of the "" . J ,"; ;; :; in our meetings. ave a :YAung prOvement Associati6n witW the following .pf-roformatipn;- - r ; jiLovEns shduld lio careftil how they ict in tho : country; for potatoes J have 6ye3,"corn ears and beans ; s-ta- lk. . . . 