SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 1, 1870, - NOTES ANDNEWB. ST GEQRGE. TEMPLE. ; An ingenious specimen of woman's work at the Exposition is from .Peru. It is a bust of President Grant; made of the finest wire, so fine that. at first sight. ifi has the tbat 'consecrated land,' Bf the man of God .'selected On , Aiid by him Aevjaed and plann'd. appearance of velvet. It is said- to be ilyrecognized, although not at - all-flatter- Saints and angels shout lloeannah, - Peac on earth good will to men' Hear the message of salvation, Christ trill come on earth , again. See tho mlghtj angl fljing With the message to declare Fear your God and give Hlia glory For His Judgments now prepare. ' f Chorus. See the fig: tree's leaves are budding, Know, eas- , arW the watchma.n's loudly calling, Awake ye saints! awake prepare! Trim yeur lamps an.d keep, them burning You have oil M not to spare. ----- Clothe you with the wedding garment Come unto the. feast prepared; Yon have listened to the warning, Now you'll have the great reward. Comes to wed His ready Bride, Robed in white and wreathed in glory; No more to be crucified. Wilmieth East. si FLORAL HINTS. A .whiter in the f 'Ladies Floral Cabinet" describes how to make what is termed a Hanging Garden. Take a largo white sponge and . se w it 1" ull of canary, grass, hemp, rice and other seeds; then place it In a shallow dish and keep1 a little water constantly in the dish, and the sponge will b ab-sor- life-size- WOMAN'S RECORD. - A Book entitled ."Woman Created an Image of God,'1 is now being published by Miss Aasta Hausteen, who Is an enthusiastic worker for woman's rights in Norway. She is a daughter of the celebrated Prof. Hausteen. ' Miw. Emma, Malloy of Indiana delivered an eloquent, and spirited address to a numerous assembly of people in New Era Hall, 176 Tremont Street, Boston on. July 4th, at the convention of the Suffolk County Good Templars Harbiet Marti neau, an English writer of great ceiebri ty 'and whose1 works nave had an extensive Circulation In America, died at her own finmo it.. tVOAV' In Til n Inat -- 1 1L - ' nyva age or ' seventy four. juyuvw,, aifuje ttS'ZZ often spoken of as. masculine in her vigor of InfeflecV and Clearness' of pcrpeption. ... ,..v uiv-vwocusu ui xne'wora a woman of superior mind anc attainments. . : 1 . . a-- A " 'Baiawtffnni"l miscellaneo us. ; ; k BiEps of BomoJ fpecies are yeiy, of these are the eagle, raven.swan and parrot : "An eagje kept in Vienna died after a. confinement ' of. one hundred, and fourteen years." An ancient oak, iq still known a the raven, tree, is believed , tohaVo..beenIiha- residence of the , AFord, an, author: and poet, who died recent y , has :been oTin terms of the highest praise spoken as a :woman .possessing many loveablfc and aimable She was one labored assiduously, for the elevation ofwho her tho om W, u?der ffit. de:pluio of .JfcepWghly by Longfellow, whols by mostcomplimented people an authority- ed d; Shel-bourh- e, ) "con-Mder- long-Jiye- . j years.- -; Swans . " y. ; . i good hoaltb'y mndpwplants iorinrethan ninety the river Thames have pon been known to survive, a shundred adj; fifty, years' or more; 1 It is jcertified-upo- n good Authority that; there can J be, no 'mistake in this since they are annually, , marked by ' lYlntner's" Company, under 'who3e keeping ior more than five centurthey Jiave ben ' " ; y ies; ..,7; .;; ; , : , - same pairs ojjrave.ns tho moisture, and in about a week the seeds Will begin to sprout. ' When they have grown a little the sponge can bo hung up in a window1 where the sun" can get at 1 it Jby means of a feord of two Soon it will become a mass of green foliage which Is always pretty to look at. Wet the sponge every day by pouring water lightly upon it, and if it absorbs much water and : becomes dry during the day wet it with Warm water. IXowEfis for Windows: Plants should btf placed where they can have tho greatest amount of sunlight possible. . East and south windows are the best although bwest: windows will do: too many plants, should, not be crowded into one window. The pots need to be t urned e very fe W days." Fresh air should, bo gfven them : every day that is mild enough, by opening the doors or letting down tho windows from the top. IL "IBfreis-mucl- i; dnsi" arising From sweeping or other causes they will need frecarpets quent showering with warm water. It is best to: shower, them on :cloudy : days; if plants arev sprinkled with the sun shining upon them it has a tendency to injure . the leaves. The evening is a good time j to shower them; the soil in the pot should be r: siirreU every time the plan t.has'a thorough ' . watering;, for, this purpose a stiff hair-piJs a Very good thing. .. The best plan id have n ; - , - J eeus comes In power and glory by the evil spirit. ll ; ? The day of Yenseapce draweth nigh. W ' 1 t . " thl tokens summer's nigh qualities and attractions. : L . ing. Ttiackery, or Bulwer. One of the most notable of woman's w.orks in art is the .marble statue of Samuel Adams, modeled and carved by Miss Whitney of Boston. It, has been on exhibition at the Boston Athenaum for sometime, and by the best judges pronounced a wonderful achievement. It was designed for the Capitol at Washington. It is safd to be "full of character and expression,.simple and.inanly in attitude; and with the expression of great beauty of thought and feeling." TiiEBE is an Italian lady now residing at Rome, Madame Maraini, ( who is said to bo a sculptor of wonderful genius and talent,and also of most striking; originality in her ideas and conceptions. ' In her studio among the many specimens, portraits, busts, statuettes, etc a most magnificent d figure of her Sappho. It represents standing upright, back leaning again against a bit of rock,- the head a little inclined forward,in the expression of the features, and about the eyes and mouth a look of despair. UThOi right arm and hand from which the drapery is thrown gracefully back, is pressed close to her breast as if to still'the tumultuous .beating of her agonized heart. It represents her just at the moment she .is about to take the fatal leap from the Leucadian' rock. A lady correspondent writing from Rome to the Boston "Journal' says: "It is the most expressive "piece "of sculpture I . have ever seen.,' It is to bo regretted that it was not sent to the Philadelphia Exhibition. It is to go to the Salon Exposition at. Paris, and it is expected will receive either a gold medal or honorable mention. The lady's husband is editor of the most popular news- - Heat tije word which 0bd bath spoken : - : Tiie New Century for Woman" places the names George Sand and George Elliot as the two women? who have achieved the honor of placing the novel at the head of 'dramatic art; bot Scott, or Dicl'ens, or : . . s, liaifl a Tpmple stand erected ; a. cient method of writing wa$ upon, bricks' stones,: ivory, bark- - and tiles, oyster-shellleaves.jof trees, and no doubt it from the latter that the term, "leaves of a book' is derived. Copper and brass plates were in use very early,, A bill of foefi ment on copper, was ome years since disco vered in India , bearing date one hundred years B. C. Wooden and leather tablets were used and the. papyrus; about (he eighth century the papyrus was. superseded by parchment; Paper is of the greatest antiquity among the Chinese: : The first paper-miin England was built in 1580, by a German: t Dartford, in Kent. Inl713, Thomas Wal-kina stationer, brought paper: making to something nearer perfections The first pen wo have anys knowledge of, was thofitylus, a kind of iron bodkin, which the Romans forbade the use of becausq of its frequent, and often fatal usq in quarrels; afterwards it was make of bone; subsequently reeds, pointed and split, were used, something after the style of the pens of our day. fowinfer,ls to have new'plants' started ffomi slips during the summer, or ih'oso that have been kept ' in pots. If any 'of the cuttings wilt, cover them with a glass tumbler or astasias Ihe slips take "root transplant them nay j iwa or mree men pois; Keep tn em shaded from four days to a week. Cuttings can be roofed this way 'during tho summer and autumn arid.' you, can have tine plants - ; lamp-chimne- fbr wInterV k ? ' - y; - ', 