Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAtir SEPTEMBER 1, 1876 5. LINES. ten-twen- BY A RETRENCHMENT GIRL." Wby are we to the things of eartn , -:-about it. ;v, ;;; The speaker gave a highly interesting acl count of her own personal experience, she spoke with energy nnd earnestness in favor of equality of the sexes, in the right to control property and make laws concerning it. She truthfully illustrated the littleness and insipidity of the : souls of women who are perfectly content tp let the world move on in its own way, with no thought for Others because . all is well with themselves. - This was only in reference to property and woman's right to vote. She did not say as . I would if I were a lecturer, that every good woman has a right to be married to a good man; and that, as x ed But ah! the richest boon of all, When this life's work is done, Will be to know those Blessed.Ones, The Fathib and the SokI T To press their gracious bands, And hear their bwn lips teach the law, theraara bywomen than-me- n, it is noble and good for more than one woman to accept the same man as a Tcr1oi3lnjpwtheirfacs"KrMr"7r And utter . husband. Of course I did not expect her to say anything of the kind, but I felt I should like to say it for her.. ... I did not go to hear her Rail-Roa-d lecture, though I wanted to very, much. . I had been washing: that day and was tired; then I must have taken a long walk in order to attend the lecture. Still I would have gone, " but that my mother said,. flsthink you had better not my dear. I should like ; to have you go and learn all :you: might, but you have worked hard,; and it is not best to we commands. Hew can we, and why mnst we wait! Yet, patience, O my soul! 1 Perform thy mission faithfully, All anxious haste control. 'Tis not for you to question why . The way is long or rough, ' But to bo ready when the call : Shall come, "It Is enough." ty -- So carefully endeared , Forgetful of "The Kingdom" oft, Which must to God be reared! ;:r; Why do we vain and foolish thoughts' Upon a home bestow, Which winds or floods or flaming flre-:-. ; Might in an hour lay low? A safe, bright home awaits us, A heavenly mansion fair; The loved onerwe have mourned as dead, Now live and worship there. arms, They'l welcome us with At the Eternal Gate Oh! happy, Joyous,"meeting Sweet friends,how can we wait? out-stretch- ; . ' ' ingsof their own noble mothers, many of whom have lived in polygamy for and thirty years? Mrs. Duniway appears to bo a thoroughly practical woman. I think she should let polygamy entirely alone until she actually knows something For the Expojtxnt. v pendent voters support Hay es j not because they do not severely cohdernn' much for which the Republican party in any1', intelligible system, of party govern in held respons ible, but rbecarsd, upon a sensible and. practical survey of the situation and the parties, they have, decided that' the better element ? of tho Republican Jparty is more likely to prevail for good Results than v;i: that of tho, Democratic. rv.: nr.v :.'vi At the Exposition, near to Machinery Hall, is situated the Turkish Cafe, a; pretty cheerful resort. A Turkish ; gentleman from Comitantlnople presides; over Ut; and tho attendants are in the picturesque cos: - ; " tume of that locality. If, you .wish, coffee, it is made at once in; little brass coffee pptsf each holding a cup, over a little - charcoal fife in a small furnace in ono corner of tho v room. The berry is ground, as fine as meai, -- and the coffee sis30ured Into .a tiny cup which rests on a stand of silver filigree,ft;tho soon as it cream; settles, liquor ' . is as thick . 9 -fit. ana tne Deverago. swueivneu wiin jock mills la sufo to. withoutJLJLA candy and served x l. Jf-: : . , - . For the EiPoaEST. A I suppose, dear glrti, you will all think, "AV ell, if I were going to write about anything,! would write it in the season thereof, and not wait till the circumstance, was a month old, and had been forgotten by every one except myself !" But I'll tell you How it is with me. When I urn washing, ironing, sweeping, cooking, sewing or running after a mischievous baby I cannot bo writing; and these' former things occupy so much of my time that I only find now and then a spare moment for anything else. I went to hear Mrs. D's; Sunday evening . lecture, because my mother said I might. I liked It very much too except one or two small insinuations which I considered t uncalled for, and which served to weaken rather than to give vim to the otherwise excellent speech. She told her audience that she had milked cows and made butter in abundance, in ' earlier days; she had washed looked, plucked geese,' taught school, kept a milliner's shop and raised a family of boys; she advised the girls whenever they considered themselves old and strong enough,and wise enoughenough, to take upon themselves the responsibilities of wifehood, to get married as : she did; I Jikdau that- - "But," she added, "do not -Imagine that I would have you take fraction ai husbands, as many of the women of Utah seem perfectly willing to do " This was one of the weak points which she pre' sented, and I did not like it. : : What right, let me ask; has such aVo-ma- n to advisb thp ' girls of Utah upon a subject ofjwhlchfsho knows, practically, nothing,, in contradistinction to the teach- J 7 i I have nature.'. - style. to listen to the ' you if good fortune jshould'bver chanco to ' bring us face to face. "7" , ?1.U7; Please tell me if yon tyere not greatiy 'tlor Ottln i lighted,, with femarkable them for clearness and thought besides drawing is a subject fn which l am much interested. I thought your"faces gavo evidence! of t Interest during; all5 the lectures, but. especially whenrsomethfng'partlcuiaTly amusing was going on.; (I feel surq '.that yoa wero" there, and that I rnadoj' no mistakj in f the one TI singled Out ifor ou;" J V You have not read Nasbys't'Hanhah 5 Aiimw0. i ;Ih A f'REE Hospital is about to.: bo erecto at the Begum of Bhopal,: as a memorial of the visit of the Prince of Wales to India. The cost will probably bo 30,000 rupees. MAubice Sand, son of the: French au thoress, warns all -- persons ' possessed of manuscript copies of letters' from his mother, not to mako them publicpwithbut special authorization irorh him. ; i A State Conventidn i3 to bo held iu Boston on Tuesday, Sept 12,' 1876,at 11 o'clock . a. m to consider their political duties in regard to the fall elections; also to ' make nominations for stato officers if it is con. 8idered;advisable.1 'Men and women are who'aro interested" in ;Vomah suf-- -- r-frag 77: ""( ; .; A Bciiool is tebo found ed tolthe mem-- oy of Lady Augusta Stanly, in. tho of Westminister- - Abbey. I The school is tp.be a Homo and Training School of Nurses. To the poor this lady was a constant and tender, friend,, and'al ways cabled :,with her the warm h and energy of true sympathy in the hour of ladvers'Uy ror sick- T ; Jane?" You wIU find , in-vit- ed neigh-.borhoo- d. itvin;Hiirannai, ers. You would liko to see me,' j ust; for fan" would you? ' I am sorry, to Bay that Ifam not at all funny, '' But a3 fanny people ''and sedato people generally agree well together, : IAmi soon; hope to hear fromt you again very ."r"" tjH, ; t. - v---J- -'-,i; it, i T It buta&a ' ' s i i ' 't r i: lorma wer formed to soar. Like humaa iancj lfg!4iandfTCr:7: Here would I calmly wait no more,' ; f On hope's brljhi wln4 Td fl.to tlieeiTT I But glace we're doomed to. dwell apart t , And 'tis the common fate of men "' (And women, too,)" f Thank hearea tor. thla joodlj art, . . 'Communication with the pen. " Talr maid, adieu. The most'inquisltlve of ancient diyinU says I tho truly inde ) , ... -- I looked for you af the bnnkl Ihstltute, for I was therewere,Iybji ' If you 'answer me that'yoii were reallyesdht at those Very instructiyo mepUrjgff, trolievo I may pronounce myself ;?sjxsfled ;that I know your name now, and ihuid rcBognizo Farmer's Daughter. Harper's Weekly ": ; FOURTH EPISTLE OF HAL TO V THE "OLD MAXBy :1 v; Tiiijre will be a Republican Convention held at Worcester, Mass., : Tues., Sep. 5th. ; . ,4 learned, girls, that ;:: notes ''rn :'(!T1 counsel of a good mother, pays better than anything else. ; A. A strangers this glimpse of Oriental life i ts people and custwnspTpeWIiarlyTInterest-ing- . They will also serve you with; Turkish pipes and tobacco . in their own peculiar - l;i 1 : , over-ta- x 1 i ; MRS. DUNIWAY'S LECTURE. ' ...... -- .,. : .'! 4.. j It',., - . 7 i v ; . -- 