'' ggfjttj sheet, eoveriog the bpdycjosely witb blankets- - if the feet are very ,eo!d a: warm brick bathethe h-or bottle of hot water canthe pack with cold water of the patient while m coU is fever or heat .in It, and give them if preferred; Uer to drink or some warm herb tea from h If an the in pack tie patient should remain h I rs a hour to two the is over patio oroppression. Alter the pack a tub m off washed by sitting be quickly over while water, either cold or tepid, is poured is not strong, rub off the body, or if the patient towel or with liquor. Itis vigorously with a dry medibetter and safer than any kind of drags or often prevent the need of send-icine, and will very for a doctor. bseo Tomato Salad: Take ripo tomatoes and!eut thorn in thia slices: sprinkle over them amatf quantity of fine!, chopped green onions, add salt pepper, v.vinegar, and oil i liked. '..Servo "with -- roast meat. of Chop together very finely a head cabbage,' six gruea peppeisslx grW tomatoes; -- add two teaspoonfuls of mustard,- one - Msalt toinret this - lcldves it;i iready a long time; tablespoon-- - iin4 allspice and vinegar -for 'ase and will keep for ; :;: ; ; r ; For JelIy:Talce Oreserving IcetUe, rxmaiu is the best, have yonrfrUit carefully picked over, then put It over the fire and when thoroughly heated, take it off and let it cool, then strain it through a jellyibag and measure the juice; return it to the fire.and let it boil twenty mUutes briskly; add one rx)uad:of loaf sugar to Jeaeh pint'of juiceistitit until 'well' dissolved, pour it into the glasses or whatever vessels you use, .'and seal closely when cold. . The best method is to use the fruit just as soon as it is ripe, not let it become what is called ''dead : ripe.? Ji t s ,;!JHeajCoraf-Tnki- t . arVrg( A REFORM CAMPAIGN NEEDED- - serU : .? . The Salut Public of Lyons says: Dr. Bus-sio- n claims to have discovered a remedy for this terrible disease. In attending a female patient in the last stage of canine madness, the doctor imprudently wiped his hand with a handkerchief impregnated with her, saliva. There happened to be a slight abrasion on the index finger of Jho left . but, confident of his own curative system, the doctor merely washed the parts with water- .- He was fully- - aware of the imprudence he had committed, and says: "Believing that tho malady would not declare itself until the fortieth day, and having various patients to - visir I put off from day to day the application of my remr The ninth edy, that is vapor-bathday once a felt'all at in ! pain being my cabinet, in m y dyes. " My lody felt so' light that I felt asr.if: I could jump to a prodigious height, or if thrown outuof a window, coi.dd suspend myself in the air. My hair was sensitive that I appeared to be able-- , to count each separately witKowi lokin at it. Saliva kept forming in my mouth. Any movenient, 6X a"r cavised3great pain ,Jo me, vas obliged to avoid the sight of. janpl brilliant, objects. I had a continual desire to run "and, bitenot human beings, but animals and all thai was near me. I drank with .difficulty, and I remarked . that the. me morel than tho sight, of wafer, disfressed ' belie vd that by shut- - ' pain In my throat. tirig ihe eyes, any one sdfferingf from hy- - '" (iropnopia can always arlnk. The fits came on every 'five minutes, arid I felt the pain start from the index finger and tun up the- y nerves to the' shouide'rtt this state; think- -' ing my case was preservative, not curative '' ' I took a;vapor bath, not with tho intention of .enrp; ,but .ouffocating myself. )Vh a l . -- t their, political duties, ; they exaggerate the, corruption vof others; and lose faith inhe, principle of representative. government . jLessthan sixty per cent of our qualified Voters voted in the last Presidential elec-(t ion.,;. Less, than fifty: per cent, of our voters voted at our last State election. The only radical rem dy for this evil lies ' in ; ty0 extcnsoii ot Suffrage to women, the social element in noli-- : thereoy enlisting ' tics. But mean whilej it is important to! overcome the existing apathy, In order to ; secure a fairer1 expression of JubliQ cpintqii ''1 in reference to this and all other ' public batch" of s, i V ; f - ; ; season J Canning Corn; To, make com keep well re g qturpsttor; ,cminm .almost anything else to its cntainin a largo amount :of gas in its The pnl' recipe we can give is this; cvaipositibn. the, gather coj.'tHe niU'ibo'ro, husk, it in the cut it from the cob, ,yn$ it in, a jar or vf-se- l morning, to scald, with a ;little , salt; let it cook slowly' ' so as to let all. tho gas that will, pass off; have' bottlea your ready, andsco that they are j all per-fectly air tight, "and1 put the corn; in; while it is at ' ' boiljng heat? and dose. t6,' jarup'q them in a cool, dark place and never, alio wVdi'o ior." .' to touch t wall preach .other, ifion havea clos- - .. ow-in- . 1 . 'I t 7,. questions. How can it be Uon?eT---- Most readily, as it seem3 to me, by reviv ing-thgood, old, western fash lori of hold-- 1 In? mas& meetine's of thii whnlfr rKHtole. arid pddrssed'by speakers of boili aYties-- in v vvaiuu;Iwaii3fis. is(preieraDie,,as moisture exudes evenirom the'dricst walls in win- ter and spring.- Xi is necessary, oc?casionaIly to :is any sign of ,meata- - ; boil tion the contents up again, r .. ".,7..,.., : . - j " ' J1 . 'fi Ol 9 ' ' ., - ' r - Z TmJ c,a'JWnful three times a day; use vegQtabla diet and cold or tepid bathio For Poiwn:A safe and simple one" : remedy, has swallowed poison, is a heaping tcaspoonfuUf : conimon salt and thr sane . of grountL mustard : stirred well together in a teacupful of water and;;o swallowed quickly, a It iwiU iimmcdiatelyi causa k vomiting; and lest aay ! remnants theaxHsoEk, main in the stomach after!. theivoinlt if the white of an egg-with-swe- et com articles will counteract oil or lJuttcror many virulent twivnsJ TheW h a : 5 ! 5 J Let the National and State central" dom. inittees, in bihalif r strongest Repubthe lican '8p"eakerisVcha1lnge leading Democratic speakers In everyBtaff6 to discuss the national Issues before the-wh- ole people. Let alt citizens me'n and women, irrespec- ; I j - of-on- i -- , 4tenditheso tive of ipdHy'boi Incited The novelty of the great mass meetings. 5 iritelfWMMT brInuturntire popnlationi full' arid and in'snrte & Jfalr'expresionf uU' next ) .November. lie opinion . ia another and MoheThp.ro r,i I Vlt JVU iVi' cf6fmlhexisting political methods by the j the lth was, heit,) all th e ; sy mptoms, d isappearefi as Jf! by magic, and since then I never fihave' ' felt ' I -- any more orihem. L have attended more than eighty "per-- ! son bitten with mad animals and. have not ! ?l 1 - I ' - I A ng of ! j It will compel a high- uiuci' ui vmicai uiscussion. opeaKers tviirbe more guarded1 in Hheir 8tatementswhen thny areiBUbjectHo't criticism ah(l re' futitionpoa thb spot:'' Thefr Appeals be- Ingr made'to wembers of 4dtli partlesf a tono of efimnamiivfinndnr iind MftirntTnnrwiii liundrfeda l thousands 'of oUr revall uifus such raeeungs Tvouia oe fl :poiitIcal I education. Especially in the South Uhls is both-partie- s -- -- be inoll Ifidd"- - and "a fafr dd,"he must fdr Be ven' success I vo days takeV vapor bath, a ia RusVe. of 57 to A 62 ddgree& This is the preventive remedy.3' A vapor bath may be quickly made by pirt- - i; bricks'iri a buck: ting two or three red-h- etdf watefor'fineed - i ' mv in whlchoihnv hUfnm'Af partyf feellng by"h mad ot - the-o'nl- v remedy un a? mure, arc pcrnaps iuuiiv:uiaui wuj is buTTeaders whoarc unaaiiated witjiiti somof wiU them' the .'.best method jn lew5' give iisewd words: 'First put the blanket on the bei thia; : ak2 all cbthini eff th3 patit'an'd whfhiai cr! "r f 1 I conAici will For Prickly tteaf;Oac :9z.. crcani of tartar and one:or;.n0urof sulphur, mued in naif, a'tumbler1 t I e tnThid hfid'the fnterestI:of an 'HYGIENIC; NOTEiS; - -- ; ? v U. B. 7 : Vomau's Journal. Massachusetts the statistics '"bf elections show a steady decrease in the proportion of votes cast to the whole number of voters. This decrease has been going on for twenty years, and in the absence of some new method of political activity, it bids fair to con, tinue at an increasing ratio. More and more the leading, classes of society stay, away from the primary meetings and the polls. Just in proportion as thy neglect .' hours. ; Soak Movitlmsht hpfnrA-Vf- n simmer on the stove;unti7 llrQughiy'dpae- - The greatest danger which menaces the Republican institutions is the growing npathy of the intelligent masses of our citizens in regard to their political duties. In 5 ' 'triots?. . t 1 To-da- A CUKE FOR HYDROPHOBIA. . - r - ing corn and is1 much the surest mptiod. PicVtly com the: night ; before an& husk itin- tlfe indrnio; then cut it::vtlfc-;!oob'nd'p,-uit into pans arid fietiri the stove' orln the' bUnt with the oven doors fepen! Stir it Often Until thnVnirirtil RliM'sUr i t on cloths in: the siin,' andJ take cars of it at n night ' : L. i i 4J . ftTlrt if.v Will T..Art, arur ii Lll m x uu , iuu uura ia paper, uags ouuu ui jr andave it near' the lire for sqme time afoir,. its J having been but ia" the. sun, a sure waj' to pre-- 1 damriQess', arid hurrying" the "dry-- " jett ify gathering ; sotirin its mgpreventa Good housekeepers as'--"' : ! . n; ..: .. wajf of'kecp- - im than a fitariding ' -- ; sensf hours.-Wuntirthe- Republicans Ml - L , f. 7rarmy, With the abolition ol shivgry and the theoretical acceptance of manhood Suffrage, the ancient party barriers are broken y both parties substantially down. accept a common platform. In this Centen-ni- al parties conyearJvhyhouldooth duct a reform canvass, upon reform principles, by inaugurating, political meetings of American citizens, to consider questions of national interest, not as partisan's but as pa. ad re Chow Chow: oul1" to - her in a wtt HOUSEHOLD HINTS. n election,iihsur'etL)'Fbr such? discussions? will bring together nicn of all parties to hear r-twrity- minutes.1 When the diseao is declared; it only reone vajNir bath," rapidly increasing .quires r to 37 centlgradeV then slowly to 53, ;and tho patient must strietlyi confine himself to his chamber until the curo is completo., For God's sake give this remedy , a trial should a case present itself. ijv. ,? 4 ; -- ; 4 ; i . ' : COLBUKN, t,jb,V Washlngt orj, 'i. Cfj; i both teldb3 ami thl3iwiIInee53anTyrto6Ilf prejudlcoarid and j aamtm IndependehtlhDUghi awtf Thcy woalti !be laoro' worth Wno is tho boit writer Ifdrpublic ! w 