WO MATST'S : .W'77-7:.;- i . ABDBESS. ' "the Belief ItfcATViffiftml EXPONENT T why npy ctf spfiere' ;' cdagainsjlierf and her public; free-wi- ll tWvr ( 9 1 7Bear brethren and Ulsters.' I do hotikhow and-thing- s - - her o Enable :kP?? bear the 'fitxaln and to: receivq Jhe light jfWP J? reauiredplea - - " man-wjoma- : -- d shecanVsit- thrones, command and lead .r armies, ex- Mert .eloquent speech, make excellent Utera r0practice raediclnej and perform sur- - ..whp;said(hatth3 . H. .It .i 1 . - ii ,In short, the scale of her U !wtH pqWers cb.equa! :li(s1niairtingsl 8he ";tori dbrri.every 'departmetit Avhat 'she has MaaM Ufiction tbr1 doirigl Bji t; wha t ' perhaps slid crin6Vprofitabl d61n!thelo"rie :"rriri is, to lay hold bf 'tHfngsthe purely Biue aim eniur- upon ilium inus. uiuuaium Her heart predominates, as :thd-hea- d- pre-4omJna- tes iti tho.mn. No w this beingjhe to case, give her equal chances wilH-ma- n, T rBEVELATIOX , , a j...i.r- - knowledgo-Jn- -' eprppjee: rehabilitation-p- ( herjntnres ts also is ncceisiryf that she may ; Jearrta'., cprrespopdi j Speaking of tJiXnew freedom of ma ib kind ho says: 11 ititljeTper. ilQiVerylcspecialI ceptlon looming everywhere M the rights ot women. Not to mention other branches , of. thef! subject, .political - .rjghts, - and - tti o .rights ,ot eacatioft.may.. be ftdducpd; ju lntoTeason ha ycbeen giveVvvhy ; Vomio should bo denied her. eperimeit? and fhnt'fitt fhlnira thrnnfrh '! KAri fannltlfis. bow tbat they are being filled with the new " " which is creative, will reappear in " ; ; ' their new heart-form- free-wi- ll ldetarirbrnan!E:6ad ino auvaniago or s s. . Now the thought that comes out of a true sympathy is full of the finest natyral truths, The new. Woman will therefore be present by heart truths all through ; the common, wealth, and will be prime minister of. the new than in his ipermitted administration " of the God wealth. The. coin of regenera- tion will pass through her fingers in its frag-- . i ments arid to its endsrWoman's' Journal. . ; v k; 7 MISCELLANEOUS. ' '; ' ri ' il !i Flowers seem intended for the solaceTIor ordiriarhuriariity;1 Children loveLthem: quiet j tbrider, ?bon tehded ? ordi nary i people k love them as thriy grow; luxurious and 4dis- -i orderly. people rejoice in them gathered. ;jTiey are the cottager's treasure, and in the crowded town, mark as with a little broken . i fragment of rairibbr, the windows of the workers in whose; hearts rests the'ebyepar t ; of . peace. To the child ! 1 " pean't'imanrifacturing' :.;bpe.ratv,4 to the' woman of the world and,' the nun the 'lover ahdthemo , air Ms;pwn intellectual ' oxpprience; gained through his dwn effort by his own sexual process of thought. has no present advantage of the kind before her; and must be' content; to enter upon the faculties of man and their acqui- it jens4 jit jsecoh d i ban d i' Th Is f i s a i gray e consideration for the advocates of tho higher education of!, women; indeed for their gen Untiiwecan-react- T the-heartTOfrano- ther without doubt and know all the circumstari. ' eea:otlhisrlier4ifeiithe , tne (main or accident tnat jfias f surrounded the erring; one, Twe should pt blame too mucn or oe loowratniui towaras.sucu a outs. :t y uufc ytie, xjiis uuue .may . oo wrong, ; but !wecariubt; tell wny,it was ' dorie or ho w J the doing of it may" have Been' repented. 7 riibriieri t of strong fbell rigi an hour of wrath , may trirri tlie feet upbri the downward road so hard ;tbiretra(;e' We see one lying 'at ihb" fbot bf a precililce; Wte:do not knowr t 7' hbW he or she 'Tell : J,cru$l hand a may have smote! what He betrayed-no- r how the wounded bnei may! have clung , -- , over-f-wha- 1 : vainly to the brink,, praying in vain for some he J ' xJ g A 1 Wo-mati lampoonedi a nbblei by himafor, his wt,- - when manj on applying to the iDuke of Orleans, then Begent, and bagging himitgrdo him;uslice, the duke replied with i- a smUe, ir, it has t been dorio aireacW.? w having Voltaire, was caned f -- " ; gry, preac)i.inj :y c. ; adsciencesj nipyn,tO,alirts on but departed brother, Pres. D, II. Holladay, lsji yWseiest . , . r ri her new mental freedom is the condition. . The world must await tho trial,; and succor stress.which It involves, H jithe a it fv'Jt is evident that .woman has .the samo I mentatppswersai cnen'bat differently sex. med-anyCgntered. Sho; can z enter in her ' with faithfulness, unjty- andlove, iaalfact inot to: be denied ; therefore it is or. this that 1 J feel full of gratitude, tQ; Uod at this time, who has blest us ao richly- - ever, since this f . her" quality will : - eland!iu7 iikeand : -- Ietimale law be lifted off as a burden and Tight itself, j because , her experimental in. struction about her placo can then begin." : In herj thoughts jPfj educatiou. also, the same stram ia felt, t: Is she to be as a young man and a cbilegian here, and to be made into a by exactly that education which it is supposed has produced the present masculine race ivith1 its dominant pow-- ; ers? It is not perhaps any person's business to answer that question, but rather it must be referred to experiment, oi which : hoped that tho man .has done, nd is doing the coarse work of thougnt, invention ana : practice; and that his partner, in the das or time, is to pe sayea tnatr.iaDor. xseyer thele'ss it mav sbb thoutrht Vthat WomaniS ind hark'sphererof its owrfin erythirig; v ai shame,-an- d erty, and the : That our Society although: Door. is bmt God ! ? s f hardly. bo intended; because what has bceii done hitherto belongs ttobe past, .and, no ' copy is possibje ; nay, no ,now originals that .follow the old linesf ,Morebyerlit is Vto be woman.be left to; her "proper slf! determination; to be as much like a man, or as little like ai man as she pleases; If to vote, propose marriage, administer prop- - - d , T ; irand thatitshouid never XalL s 1w -- - j f wanfsf ,th"e pdnrVan'd the es ly 1 T .: ; inwardly in theltensibhf of ttils- bew free ' dom; and is not sure whether she is ' to be la's a man, "or whether therb is a whole new womanly side to affairs and the state. mapy times p,?qeed ilj iiJ I f 1 to care,'for likewise relief theirs f when sickness 'and f .death are in pur midst ybu will ai ways find ;;pr0st. Elizabeth' Stickriey among the 'first tof visit and administer to the afflictVd o'nes. Wo Have wise counseibrs, faithful teachers, and a good treasurer we also havo' about 7 one hundred or ' more faithful ffeisfers who "7t can stand uplat : buri1 meetings tatfd nobly bear their testimonies afad'Whoiove te give their mi tea fbr.tha,up.buUding of the Kingdom of God, and whpv relive the wants of the poor wido ws, orphhns,: aged and distressed, and who say they never miss what ihey give to the Belief 'Society We like- wise have k kind father in bur Bisliop, who inr anyr d(nlcaltyt kh'dwhqw ttfladv-Ueuand; who cares fort our welfare In evdry par-'-- :;,tr ! nnmfi r9urjncomf. WejiayeaJeiideirt f?j j ! IfarsocIetyhnotflkfTtfiffSIsdliv Ti f given. Clearly a hew education for femi- nine Wisdom wiira?ccrue:;" from her earnest desirq and inquiry to know what:fields he may, occupy, It; is obvious that freedom and vexperime'rit alone catt ualiy her jr iknbwing her qualiflcatiohs; that she, will v then learn frpm ailurog a,nd successors men :.have done, whero Rhn a 7 ' teacher to herself. In the meantime, even that other settlements" have done be fore; us, ,.Mt Is notibr the: want of talont proenergy, but for the ?wanf itime .an'ds meanMLiiWe as a society j are . composed:: of poor listers, -- 7 who hayo to labor;withTour,: husbands and whose means. ,are but limited; We have, a number of .poor; families to, care 'for, ;(riv-lal-'- i power, to exerciseuhem wflf Jrop ' ,whn ""is ar-Tgu- ! - f - -" : . -- '- ticular!--;iTi- -- : he?ihedUtinctively,andallthe;Waysi M ..needy, anwjio ,,well , nowsrboK weans irittuste'd'to Her ? - of life, are open to her,' and property; is no mas.culUieJ)ut huma, hat iWill she - longer do.with her freedom?; .There is no;possibil- ity- of, ibrejcostinghaj future- - J? Is adduced oiQnly- tp bQvvjiQ 4trajn;up$&t,'i;esponal. 5CbilityjWhichis coming; an homuch Q9d dec-corati- ng dis-1;"K.t- tlfe4'itrj-toi:deathVWhen- ter barfier" has. been removed whenrno stdt- T n te vrid t? i obviously a so thai ?cdntains se, 1 ther -- neyexjalive to the weaV itbut; will Thfe- hehas beehhfmnchisediiandlbarrieriaf. what may bo your feelings on this occasion,' but niine are tfuUVof intense gratitude to f the author 6f every good and perfect gift While contemplating the: display: of the slsterV h6mem&d$T work; 'so gracefully 7 these Avails, I cannot help feeling grateful to God, that he ha3 blest our sisters rith such talents,aud so 'inspired the hearts or wonny men and women, to introduce into our churc, such heavenly society as the Belief Society isjhere is nothimr -- but the Belief Society rthat can so effectu- ciitjr wmij wui iug uuw- - Liuui uriuuiuiH ever taught by bur SavioW while upon the eaf Ch. Except ye have Charifcy,hi6thing will avail t .andjour i disbursemeqw -- l. -- " V fre-ii- era! edncatiori at all;- - that the intellect of the Jseart that tbeautilul intellecti should s, have no knowledge of nature and no learning at first hand, but only what supplants its freedom, and is compelled. upon it by the intellect 9fthe head. It the throwing away fpf Marriageable quality, the abeyance ol the woman's intellect before the man's. j JIs she to rewrite ''history1' to" reconstruct, sciehcei tb' rfeprcKiuceretaphysicsy to reinvent the arts,'from her own womanly intellect so as to have a wofld'of "her own, arid Introduce it into "harmonious ahdv conjugal with the relationship, as of the Ifeart-minhead-mih- d : wi th thd r exisUtign intellectual t fabrics land art fabrics, which is so prepon-iderantof :masculino growth?; That can be despotlsnl over Ither ! cannot ilast j her i ln6essant fcaulo --will ;mascullne' t -- -- i -- - - - - 