WM7NJ S EXPONENT , r REPORTS, forward 1:: ::i Leonid not bo reported. She lookedwhen the with hope' and joy to the time : The meeting i6f the Sonior m& Jurijor Retrenchment Association, Held (a the lith .! - j 24, Ward feembly lloomsSatu was and 1876, was one of intense interest, attended.JVfterthe custom " very4argely ary exercises and reading of minutes by the young, lady secretaries, President Mrs. M. XJIoje3tddressedthe assemblyjnearnest ? ; : uri-:rerst- o6 4hat sotae people 'had Teceiyed ihe dulhtwere1 a impression7 that:nirticies; ; so - they had tqld onionYthsrwas inot every bnefrom: iW- - first that ; unless speci- - lf mfenserB ticketed1; for "sale, every article sac-riflc- D k td re-;Hga- ? ' meeting,frelatirig some 'of' hefxperieripes "among the (different tribeVbf Indians where she had labored' as! a' mjsslnaryteachpr, ' etc"! during 'five y ear3 ; sh'e showed some icrares 61 Indian chiefs MithwhprsheL . partic-jjarorwhl- ! Editor Exponent: ch ' OP 'fik'cnMii ANNUAL Asspb'ilipif Held - 1 hooli-whJ5- so on; and rbwa'stforigf she ' ;iipthey.'JiaQpr ad;tols.:pnglJjrccivfd reports from 1 1 1 brnches inthis" fTerritory, arid they "had -- . : - disbursed ior. chsjl'table purpose's; gathering . thei poor,:dc iveri $03,400. . : In addition there, werp mariygbod' worksv'dono .that Counselors, Emma?Adler, ; " Fidelia Kopford, Mrs. Olive Allred, MARl-BticiLi- Secretary, Assistant Seceetary, N, We hold bur. meetings rbgularlynd speak ia of the things overwhich we are engaged. We desire, to come everything that would prevent us from gaining eternal iife lathe kingdom of our God. : Our : President Is an amiable young lady, who is? trjing, together with her cbuhselbrs to honor her calling. There Counselors. 1 - - J xJ" are 8ixry4hrbemja''ol;ih&''l86de.ty and all manifest alobCP$t wheaithey meet together. We read pieces from the: Expo, nent In almo3trey ery. meeting, and by so , d oi n g, .wb feel miich ed.Ified ; and we wish it success, arid the blessing of Godto attend itj and all Institutions of improvement, P. E. Kofford. ? 1: . Wr - r our-belov- ed TSery NOTES AND NEWS. -Lt n-- : We l were Feb, 1 3, 1B76,' with re-brgani- zed tho followipg ofllcers; ; iillSS u : IN ANCY '. ; ZANDERS, tryjpheka Cox, Selina Stewart, f i i Counselors, r. : . A Xevee $ERRY, Miss Margaret Anderson,. . V ELISE rTUCKER, V Crooks ;n.i to.uvaQd Is 'iktlp read ;ith much Iritereste are pleased this y&jr,' arid it is'a hear ffom other hs50c!adqtisrf and thought perhaps you would like Sid. hear from 'us, tof We'are sometimes' .visited ; by some of the members of the jRelief Society-,- and they ';' always" "jgl ye ris gbtl; mstructibnsi: : We have formed' no Resolutions as ye iy brit all are striving to do right;; and I' hope arid pray that all the' Retrenchriierit Associatibnwill or--; accomplish thb end for which they were ' fs-- . ; ; . ganlzed. 1 : meet.-.Genera-l : . if .'" ' "We take the Exponent kin our society f A dispatch from Alexandria says a quarrel has arisen between the Khedive and the new Turkish 'Government, In consequence of which.the Khedive has been ordered to He will arrive proceed' to Constantinople. there shortly With his family. ' Twelve hundred lodges of ;;ih.e Sioux , are reported as moving: to ! ; iiRsjULlXiibBY, l?residentr - : I " Anna Larsen, president was caUedcn flie Arliona jnisslon. It: was with the greatest. regret' that we parted with h,eri but she had a greater -- given them and persevered in the path open to them j sppke.bf s"thb trials and temptations that WsC'thbrpatway.b the'saints, of the great power of. evil spirits, and of the diligence and faith fulness: necessary to preserve them from such evil influences; made some remarks upon punctuality, which she considered one of the essentials to aca)mplIshy"go5d"Workf"Spoke of the as thereere necessity;CJbulng temples,to": th'ej priest many ordinances, beJongirig cbujd a pf aiempie.! .Jheiemine.theiisters Vhow Ihe'iejtf gocjety cprenced . with a ' ; Juliette BiRDic, MARCaCAilSEN, Olive Aired, r ; 1 1 ts; folli'ohlpers : the 'abbveYorganizayonf until i re-r-'stfl- it Wo onjoy ourselves at our ' meetings which we hold once in week. We Jiaye girls from 10 years of age and over. and all get up and speak.. The younger? girls seem to take more interest ia our meetings : on th& 3rd of December . Selina Stewart, - UmtoHhdd0r-encs- of tho Relief Society, GEOROIANA CRISP, ' ' , t -- : Levee ;t. terry, Julia Sanderson, x.x?w.v xuiiuvui. ELISiE TICKER, jnJtiie minutes,- President Mrs.' Sarah Graham, juarbsetod" xptessed' herself pleased to see Wraany sisters' from other wards; said that hi: it Would-b- ethorwishof alito hear from them;ThoyOwould'dispense with the usual f 0 fcxereisesf selections, essays; tffor - She i vihtoto presentdd i to :thef 'congregation : Miss ; Eliza jK? Snow,5 Who j pTOcoedexi - to' address r.therii upon the progress of 'these organlza-- i v tlonsj thb cause of it, and i the ultl mate if they- followed ont thb instructions - T in., this place by M. A. Miss Annena Larsen, President, The Young; Iiadies' ; Retrenchment Association in Fairy iewj ivd organized 'August " Ellen Alred, OP RE rrrAttbsingirigr1 1 ; , Miss Tryphena Cox, " MEETING , ? Society for Young. la- nt 1874,Witli1the lay 20, 1876. Mrs. Rkbecca Terry, : REPORT Hyde,-Preside- ' - 1 ; ' . -- ' A Retrerichridbrit dies was organized: P. and het counselors 7th. 1875. with the following'ofllcers: Mis3 Mary oes, President, t 1 ! Editor Exponent: -- ;FAir.viEW, Co,r ;.Mfty23, 1876. ,5 : ; -- Sprkig fciTY, Sanpete ; members oiftheA8sbcIatib This society "is one of the, most active and prosperbusiin the city j . 2 Co-operati- ve r-- -- ... .$27-9Remaining, .... ..... ... This we have i rivested In the LadiCBf store of Manti; A. L. Cox, Secretary. - manner full of iaith and sincerity; j? ;; f i After the closing .exercises, a large rium- ber of the sisters repaired to the Tesidence tof Mrs. it. A, Musser where there was a .., 'delicate and tasteml r.repasipreptfired by the ! 1 $ 193 00 Total Receipts........ Disbursed to the poor and for pub165 87 lie improvements...... arid fumble in : an impressive ; "theso descendants of thBAbbrigmesv She t? ?is a lady of education knd culture,' arid has becomo.thbrbrigly iriterested in this Js? pnei;df4h jpst" noble '.and most necessary , to be dcdbmplished to fuinrthls isatipril": Elder Xempn, itfbo : was preseprttheb' 'spoke vtd thb ladies and previewed some parts of lils life and travels, 0 :Iwhich were particularly' adapted to th e sub. j'eci before the rneetingf the; Indians, the Book of Mormon, the proof of its truth etc.; spoke of his coining ainong this people a rr stranger as iMrsv Woodruff had ; now come ; op'ihe welcome' given him on all sides ' wherever he had "traveled through the set'"' tlements of thecr Saints. J 1876: . - :.. Relief Society for the year ending Feb. 4, es, ; 'laryjArin testimonies i:wa acauainted . which" were' strikingly ex pressive of 'the peculiar 'characteristics'' of ; : "; ' The following is the report oi the Manti . , . would be relurnetf 'ttf its owner, arid no made whatever, etc; Counselor Mrs. Smith theri'reiated u fewitems in ' :7B.j to her recent" vis ii4o Fillmore, etc. ' Counselor E. R. Snow then Introduced ;to !tlie 'assemblage '"Mrs. Woodruff, recently l':!ijromv llieEas whb;ttien addressed4 the : p ad-vantag- and impressive language. Counselor E. R. Snow1 theft concerning the 'kemostly "Territorial fcairnownbout to open 'she Editor jfixPONENTri saints would become a mightyhalanx; to prevail gainst the powers of darkness, I!Mrs;Mni D. Young then addressed ?the meeting upon the silk culture and its the lack of machinery, &c; and - touched upon " the subject of Celestial Marl we fall . riage; ahd. the need of activity lest asleepand slumber: when JheJBridegrw cometh. ,. MrsTB.rrVVV Smith, Mrsartha IToung, R R. Grant, . Mrs.sLydia Ann Wells, Mrs. : Mrs. Sarahr Wheeler, Mrs. Sarah Graham, each of therii addressed the meeting upon those subjects of .most .importance to the sisters in helping to advance the interests . of the saints. ;r andrMrs. Mary Muss-- ; Campbell Mragtie9. cr counselprs,' Misses Sarah jSmith and -- 18 76. Manti, Mayl6tb, t ?' . . j' :..:.. ;,r ; vTnE Prince of Wales' visit ' to; India, it is thought, will ' be likely ; to create some, " very' important 'refbrmj;; ridging by' ; Mr. tb London : The Prince riwayietter 'gave 1 iQ00; to! the, local charities of Calcutta. Ifb ;acboye;fa;rdaxlng; In; some dein '' gre" the' restrictions1 placed u rri;wotnen ;; ; - t : - " '. . I remain 1 v B -- '' Your Sister in the Gospel ...... - - tryfuenA Cox - cbmmericemcntbf 4he"Bpsfbp trilversity, D.'fRachelor ,of 'ecervWthe 'deee'of-Diyimtyj.""Miss uiiver istne nrsiwomau de LHu Am'erfwhbhaar 6Vrttaiocd'that ,Ju ' - 