WOMAN S; EXPONKKT. MB f liable to be drawn on, little by little, 16 it come a miserable lot, would he ever touch i No, he would tttflSJromlhe temptationas .froiic t a venomous repti'e! Yef jfJieiwevjer. lived an habitual drunkard who became ucii in one day. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ? 3C RICHARDS, , I1 OX1XZXIXE ft, U'ELXA. Eacheqnarc, ten lines of nonpareil 'epase, one lime, $2.00; per month, 3.00. A liberal discount' to itca: rcgnlar advertisers J ;f . '.'i-- y. ; .....i -- -- . i'nwianere-WOHAN'a . . ; J ,;. JSZTOSBXT, .u i Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE. CITY; MABOIt FORETHOUGHT. -- 1, 1876 i u! JjS It is not the easiest thinfn the world o " to!6ok: away into the misty future; and contemplate where a decided coarse in life must lead id, jut in nmn1rt'i1 f n irnlninr. flf fllflOTtpf. certain ends. Nor is such careful consideration at nl I ti mes p'easi n ir. But easy or not, pi easi ng or otherwise, this looking ahe id is one of the mast important steps in, the road to success and one tno, most commonly neglected. i nese facts are not confined to any class of individuals, or to any country; they are geoer- I., .. i t ; mu ca& k mwiu s recoru wouiu snow iewer accidcuts and failures in all departments known to the pursuits of human ambition. ... Th-r- c are times? in almost every life when . t i ial t,10. w,,ee1 oi iortune7' seems to. heeome' so clogs, d that far. her attempt at progress are apparently futile. When the human heart is so crushed and helpless beneath the wciglit of try'nir circumstances that it iteir thw mo. worthies, uhenvjab'e thing on earth. In undergoing uch an, afflicting ordeal, how neq- - j essary it is to be able to look ahead and calcu- late with accuracy. Some times the best and oriy thing' to be done is to stand still and await the But how many there are who have failed to acquire the which would enable iheni to wait calmly the progress and development of ew n'ts; or the'fbresight whicli would bH to them a covincing power, an assur- - . anc that their patience would be rewarded! ' How many evils might be averted by a little souhd fdretliought! Hoy many seriouV mistakes would be avolled if the perpetrators only learned to calculate beforehand!' What loving, but care burdened mother, vtlen her to his playing in w? the houieaud go along outof her way !' if she . might be the resu.lt? - Would in bhopeak any such way if he thought her oruHw..uujinK tco deep into the Jjttle, ten-dt- -r heart, leaving ft.8C.ir that could never bo effaced? A wound. Unsnarling of which would cause ihc child to thin "iiolher does not care where I gf so I do not trouble her, end I'll go where I lU e ahd whh whom I choo?e and do a? I pie i5cr' Would sdie ever drive her JIttId one fr her ptesencj far one moment if she thought that all her lov arid faithfulness in after years co m ma-wii.un iiacx arid keep him by her? iu fC' wothcrs" learned tcrdculate Tf in'tfme. Jio jjiins wmild be fepared to etablLh l the niwt entire find steadfast confidence between tlieir (hildren and themselves; never would or.c word be uttered that could rerveln the laa-- t degree to form a 'barrier, or stay tho r fountain of e titles most unselfish " ' ' ": '': love. If "a young man should well consider the fact that In taking hu'oceifjonal glass wiuo he is :. lllK-in- o : i ; - "; fu ue self-contr-ol uit Qu " - . if . - er live. T' t, '';7' . : ,: ; . in the United States, who would be much better off if they had no husb md; a source of continual annoyance, .dragging them down, by their felled to support this miserable existence, or jjerhaps involve themselves in greater difficul- lie, x uu general excianiaiiqu is tnes women are to be pitied; but of what use ja pitv that reaches no farther, that extends no real help; "' that opens no way of vscape? Woman has been the sufferer from'-thiterrible and crying evil Intemperance, andshe ' ought to have the privilegeof uingsomegreat er inlluence towards supposing it than can ever be accomplished through fireside instruction, home education, the lecture room or the pen. Take courage, woman, your tme approaches. Trust in CJod,, who health hf cries of His daughters nnd who will assuredly ans- ... ... : .'. wpr rrji vpr. Thf dawning' of a brighter day approaches and already somo tokens appear forat faint glimmerinfir of the light, that will herald in the morning of liberty, freedom, and equal priyi-legto man and woman, to brother and sister, Z to universal humapitv. ' . , t . - . T mere are tnousanus or married women se It H absurd for any person Jo assert they liavo no fnfluencf, and that it is of no cpnseqmpce to the world what; character they sustain, or wbatcour?e they pursue as an individual; that others do not look t thvm, and they are not responsible for any good or evil that may trans-- 1 i i j pi;e. ').';. ' It is impossible to ignore th effects of the bearinVof individual character and life upon society. Many instances are known, where the sinful practice of one person has so diffused itself as to cause'many to suffer the effects of that sin.' And on the contrary, good' is also dispensed to those1' who partake its indue? ce. If there were more brave men'arid women, who would not suffer themselves to be disheartened, but would cultivate that strength of character and nobility of purpose to rise su- perior to all obstacles in their pathway of life then, indeed, from their powerful influence and: practise, we might look for. reform; 'for better and purer state of civil society. Courage and endurance are necessary. Every person should possess a vast amount of fortitude; it is to woman, in, (ho nineteenth century, as for the leader of an army.' rc the' not striving to battle witb Custom, the- tyrkntvhor rules withj a rod of iron, and. whose- w ay has been so even and uninterrupted that it will re- quire not only time, but a union of fitiei.frtli to break the formidable rod to which the generations of the past have yielded willing obed- - - 1 COU11AGE i'OK WOMEN. - How many wivea and 'mothers rtliero are without any sympathy ,saye such as their sufferran accrd,and yet they must not bo ing allowed the privilege allotted to the meanest and most debased orthe"d;lher and: sustaining 'theIaws under which they J''f1 si-t- e Jrjj-crea- - - -- an admirer-rwit- h the expectation that he will finally lead her to;8hame and ruih? v Oh no! Yet it often happens so, to girl's Who, a few months earlier in life, would have believed such a dreadful thing impossible. The suicide or the murderer would! doubiles?7 : have shuddered at the thought of o fearful a crime, a year or two before its ;e'rp re tat ion. TbeLatter-da- y Saint who refusc3 to yield obedieiice fothc voice of the Lord in a very small matter, has often no thbughc of slepplng aud denying the Faith. But unentirely less penitence follows, and forgiveness Lis ob tained for the offense, darkness is. likely to in the miud of thendi vidua!, until the Spirit of G d is positively withdrawn. . These, and ne irly all mistafcesrqiult from a want of calculation, or from this imj!ortant faculty being misapplied. The - value ofwiso and careful forethought cannot be estimated. -- -: ' i tenanced in society,' iii circles large and small, that muslArage a perpetual warfare if she ruiiHX nnn nrrnm. nvuiu maiiiiiiiii rihi nT ..Iiirii 'Zi- ps ... . .. r-- of character, in ber home and among her asso- iiaic, jci, tucic is su mucn evil mat is coun- little-dishones- - , ? . r purip-mind- e( 'T- .. Exponent Office, cornc? iif South Temple, and First opposite EaJeGite. Bufiiriew hours from id 7s . to 5 p m. ercrr day except Snnday, nast-ftreets- ' j- Thero probably never lived one rjio calculated' t'tho beginning that be would ever fall so low, or so disgrace himself and his parentage. - ; shoes' a', chaste and girl eyer sufto-bllirting--per-haJured intf) merely fer Bersolf t with a man whom sho knows to be a In some respects, but who is entertaining as a social companion and fasciuatingf(as fcml-Bicnthl- ' ci & io Salt Lake City, Utah. ' Pabihhed One copy one year, $20$ one copy eIx months, X Terms: "M.OJ. Ten copies for the. price of ninci XdvcrtiBing flagrant evil unless shecan xert it through the powers of fa-- nation of character, or con' versation ;; Vj. To be surej wunau niyj and does, aoconi : - .. es -r - . Z. Se vera :"'vA"lu able communications .are laid oyer until next issue for want' f ypace, alsa items of Home AfJaiis worthy of note. " " as'es-seuti- al - - ' V ience?.;, '. In this, the dawning of the grand , ".V CenUn-- , .. nial year of America, there should be n freedom of rigid unrca trained, whjcUshoqld permeate every true man and woman How gh rioua wdiild be the Ileccrd uf America, if in to womau equal, Midyear shewOiild with her brother, the privilegrs guaranteed by the impirtifd framing olthe laws of the Cox-- 1 " '' ''':. ; The t;CfJrjvENiLE IrWruetor. has entered upon Its eleventh year; it m tire. only children's paper published;arnong the Latte-da- y iSaints; and Is really an Instructor m the true f ense of the word, and should be read by every ohild in Utah: Jit would be no loss of time for parents t read the little paper too, and intelligent mothers should take pleasure in writing for it. Tjie e x TETiTA I nment! the Sunday School iru'jical Union, on the evening of Feb. 21st, wa3 a moVt, gratify ing "success. But the farce ''As like as two peas,' which concluded the cntertaipmenVaUhough.' well render Lby;the performers, twns certainly unhappily chosen In our opinion, something more amusirrg,more inst'iKjtlve aud demoralizing in its nature a? should way ha placed on the boanis at the Salt 'Lake Theatre, put more e.pecla' ly should this eubjpct be carefully considered on such an occa? ion j when it is exrMprted thnt fhe greater pcrtion of the. audience will he composed, of ' ; . children. It-s- ;v Woman Is held responsible for ihe character of her' nnd. for many of the evils which prevail in society, yet she is not a!- lowed nny vuiccor iDflucncciu remcdyliig these -- -- artj STITUTJOX. Oub Teuritokial LeglaUfrs hive occasioned feel more satisfaction over the reMdU of their labors this year than they eiijoytd 'over the last former sesio n,' when Gov. Woods had the privilege to veto all ihir enactmnbtM. Gov. Emery is apparently very well' pleased with their proceedings, and approved nicst of them.r - : olT-prin- g, ' s ; : ' 