little letters; Goshen Utait, MarqhSo, . Editor extonent: t ;: ; v 187G.r bcr, r I am a member of the Young LadiesMler trenchmenh Association, and it inajproy.--IniHst. not am ourteen years oW o I very I thtnk that these A3sociations;are l -- yjitbut "the best things, that vas: eyerihoughtofn for the young girls and boys, And theoung peoplo hero take great ?intere$t ;iu sustain-- , ing them ;; : i,;v;;'-- vl A -I return my older sisters many thanks' for ; encouraging us. If wo Wouidr obyj those A who aro placed oyer lus wol, would -- becbme: -j-useul and : . g Idolairy'td tho)naajrabn of unrightddusnes? we 8haif,be given up 'to ; the" chastisements of ills' judgements: i: am 'ashamed of tho -- f uA T i ; t , i -.- . ; - ; ' 1 " ' e Heuiu& . , A full assortment of Day and Sunday 8chool Prizes kept in ctocik. frames, Chronwan Pictures ot ail kinds on hand. r' Send your orders to ' ; J' C IL SAVAGE,; r.: ? ui-- i I Salt Lake City, tjtah.-!.- ' ljL: id:Ji l ) -- 1 . Findings and Kit at Moderate Bait Lather, '" p. U MeAlXISTElW Sapt. r , ; ?, j j Now BeoeiTingi at ;" i f TEA S 3D E Xj S , ? : lj sJf will please call, as good attention to low Ladies , -- ' . I prices, and full assortment on hand. They will like in payment,jDAfeHV FLOtJR;;' jr - - n !ir '"'.' iS.'P.JEASDEIEagle Hbtise. to ,the; j " : R AUERBAGH & BRO. , So East 'Temple Btreet, Salt IiAKe City. Va f C Wholesale and Retail Dealers In ' ; sxit i Staple and Fancy, j q,'YaIuY SST-;;,- ; 'CS- - QCD .CH3D XCD Millinery Good, Shapes, Flowers, Ornaments t Etc , " , Jm' and 2?w' Clothing, flats and Caps, Boots a?uJ Shoes, LadiesKCZoaks and Furs, potions, .Ti i v; u'f:.. 'JPfjMt, OUlerjtt jStc , a Out Prices will be as low aa the lowest, Wholesale Buyers will flrvd the Best Assortment and Bottom Prices at ;: ' - ' the t Id Fashioned House. i : . Snecialhi ;-- i ' - f' should havo to depend1 upon tho Lord 'for '7 what ho might say, but that"- in ther after- "" IT noon he would come better prepared! , Recently, an actor was hiarrlctV Tn Parl T w hose name was M. Jau rcgu isHcsbessa d i ere; this reminds ono'of the princess, who mar- - ; rled a Hungarian General, Twith ,a .Xrlght- fully unpronounceable name J arid when sho, wont out shopping sho used to say ihglvingl her address',' "I was (hee) 'torn Priikcbs pr' Leoii, ii'u trmy uuriiei)rnuiie X ,rie yr.vou'', luru it. Ask my servant ho will fell you llOMADE tBRIiSDES lith blow Walker Uouse, and examine our doors goods, we guarantee satisfaction, and will take pleasure in making to order, Fnch ' brushes as we have not on hand. . i . Wm. II. ' 1 nSjEI s H OE S , , (I .. and llomermade-Sk- s, of LADIES' CORSETS. -- II. K. Phelps, TEMPI'S 29 EAST ! STKEJfT.; ' , miS, Snpt. Wholesale and Retail dealers in 1 -f-si- ' , 1 r PO ; Of a better quality, and a cheap as the Imported article. tCall at Uie Store of the V. . WARD, Four -- i- ; 1 . ? fnot 4r Fine Lu .i, ; BSCRI GENERAL DRX GOODS, a .." Crcclicry, CMna and Glassyvarc, .Tahltj Cotlf.rv.ant Plat rn va v E.r sr.: err. 2?, ' ... SPRING BEDS, WIRE MATTRESSES Fo athers; Wa 1 IjP AND ; ?; BABy CARRIftbES 75, 77 &79 Firsf.FoiiW ; GOB S:Supt. ; : ( ; t" LOT II I N G , B O 0 T 6 J uJ JO nrJ . y"-- !) ; . . ;ivh? UNETED ORDER OF TAILORS - i5 V f- husbands to have a good, substantia. iiuuic-ixwu- o vi viv.gMi"" eiiuor cull) them to the If rou' want your ; The first arrival of Spring Styles, Prints, Dress Goods, Flowert.Aca ri ' l a die ; :t ; ASSOCIATIOPI, Ri Mo! A Rt RpMlrln Done. - ! MISCELLANEOUS. iti. filirT' J o 1X9- - WORXIRGKES'S t ? i what :;: . I . na. 4 ' ' priccai are pnt at liring rates. We spare no pains to produce satlBfactory work, and are determined to excel is all we do. Sarau ,a; brown. - ! AWD hSHQES ; Are -,thb na'ndsome, drab'';n"l"Cf H?06 priced articles BOOTS : . " on a Sabbath mohiiiig, and As it was too'lato to send for them, ho said to Ids audience; by wTay ot apolorry,1 that1 this morning hf - - SPRlNa?6oODf3 6f Have just received a'large stock of' CV DRESS all kinds, NEW STYLES PRINTS; FAN ; GOODS, INDIES 'NECK TIES, and a fulUtock of DRY GOODS,; GROCERIESc, which: wo! .' - 4 , ; i : The Ladiea of Utah are invited to visit our New Art Gallery, the finest in the Wert. We will show then specimens of our first premium portrait and Landscape Photographs in all branches including enlargements from small pictures, any size or style, tho coloring in water colors, inlc or oil, iabyG. M- - Ottin-ge- r, which is a soSclent guarantee of excellence. Our , J . : - Commons, in her reply to their, petition .to; her to marry, Queen Elizabeth employed an energetic word, "Were'Ii to" tell you that I do not mean to marry, I might say loss than I intend; and' were I to tell you that j l j do mean to marry, I might say, more than is proper lor you to know and thereforo I give you an answer, answerlessI'! ,j4;..-- ;, A good storyis told of a; clergy man lh i.i . i " TO THjELA;lH-ESTAYtOR & cutler: I ; Marriaqe, In her evasive an$wer " i .y f . ! yZ - JIEAVY AXti SHEtF IlAItDWARpj QLASS AND QUEE&YtAKE, :; STUDtiVAKJSit wauuimo, AQRIGULTURALliMPtiE r : ('in'; i. t . , -0 , 4 ? We as a band of girls in Wellsville, aro organized into a Bible Society; and to let you know that we are awako to our duties,. y we thought, Way, '; that we; would give you a synopsis of our doingsl : On'the 21stof liIarch wclmet fbrjtho purr pose of organizing our class at; tho residence of Sister Ellen Whiton, President f Xur 1 Relief Society,and under her jurisdiction wo collectively nominated a president iburC Counselors, Secretary! and Treasurers Wo v hope through. our united efforts to do rxiuch good, and in place "ofispending our lelsurb r. time in idleness, wo ivi3h'to try to make ourselves useful, and learn to fill our places , in life to the best of bur abilities. i 1. i ! I "will add no more at present, but close by saying we love ) to read tho- Exponentt and wish it every succcssl , V;'' (. '"'V send" thir kind regards". Tho officers ' fashion.. oriexnPX.B'OP r wholesale ana ice tair Lwa img; v 'in all kinda of-- 1 ' . . Roberts. .''i little . . . V dTE, . i , .8th; !Jf Wellsville, CavueJZq. Apr. ' Editor Exponent: eV ; the Is now prepared for the Spring Trade with all of latest styles of Hftta and. Bonnets, and newest shaJc 8 Iks and Ribbons. Flowers in endless variety , Ladle attending, Conference, should call and see her and which cannot be excelled in.quaUty floe assortment; ' ' : ' IT, Bast templo street' price. i '. Mary to.- - Orders from the country promptly reibnped Address MlttMlA James, V9f ts, fiatt JfiU City. ; ? AtfN fUSPl. ntref rnmpa Itepalrd on aljert ! clearly understands, and consistently practices, tho refinements of a. highly-civilize- d existence, and the: most real distinction between a lady and;awoman who is not lady is, that bno ismorodvilized than the r. other, and. more determined to preserve, tho , habits o.highr civilization, both: in her per- eon and in v those ,oVet whom shot has. au, thority. jalhesoliabitsare not simply habits of expense; it is cheapen j to remain sober than to get drunk, ann yet it Is more lady-lik- e ito be sober. It i does not cost more : v English than bad, or money to speak good to bo gentle than rude; yet a lady always, from preference, speaks correctly and has W , gentle manners. grow up our minds wIH become more ' established. Many young" people run the streets and go to allelic! dances &c and that ris all tlrey think about, but we will try to reform from all these things and I do better now. ? We tho young girls'? ought to bo the Deseret humming-be- e and work , with one i accord to assist tho Prophet of the Lord., I . Let us strive' with all our ymight to be in tho sight of heaven., pleasing ' : , Yours truly, '. '" " ' 'h : ' - MRHamerton. in the Portfolio for March. thus defines a lady: AJady is a woman who, - I know J could .bo far- - better than I am, andl mean rto try, and asiwo , -- Mrs; b. , before God. FORCE RUnSEY'S CELEBRATED UFT WD i ! honorablo-woraenaridpleasin- glf: , 4 - ! : -- 177G; fere bv ilis- ffiitco tov control this universal . . it ,, John Adamis wrbte to ,his wifu in :' Philadelphia : "Th' spiritovenality'ypu; . mention Js tho most dreadful and alarming v enemy America, nas.io oppust?, ?. ; r; & jAliIES, WITCHELL ... Tinners; Qos, Wator &Stcam Fittora i - v,r ;r.? . We are'apt to think thlsa pretty Trad age in which, wo livo, but the ago before it was Ontho Bth of.Octo--; not'aUOgetherJovcly. ' or r ! "i Salt lake Citv ; 