i ! Editor Exponemt ; Sister in ' the Gospel, 13, 76. Kephi City, Apr. here,-me- et ' twice a month and spend the time in talk- inor of th'e"thltigs concerning their religion. . Mnnvtif-th- e voun cr ladies -- seemto - bo deeply interested n thQu Association and-.;f take .pleasure; ip composing essays,and read- ; inblectiQp$rom;gppd hooaRd0 papers. auitea Tho Association hasr y -- I edtliMissMagglo; .'SomervilleiPHsiflent duringitheinter,inhi Tpurswithrespect, Jrihd-j- , ;t r 00." i. taken ffom her for a wise purpose, she will have the sweet consolation .pf having done her dutyjrand'that herrhild hasone-t- o its -Father, pura and uncontaminated. I think if our mothers would instill into the minds of their daughters ''(heWcessiiy of attain, ing and exercising,faitb Tin the prdinapce of the gospel, instead of psingUgs and rely- - ir Ing on doctors, i tr would i be a? strong bui- - : wark against the power of the Destroyer. - Ou'Hnfanthavnfeknowlediwgh;to-have faithfori themselves; therefore- dt is ' merviUe,nT; Hrs.1 VSiisie the duty of larehts exercise it for hem.h ' Every mother 'ought fo sthdy thd nature of 'tT. her child, and be yery careful what food sho i IT talrps vhnk tiiitin if not gratify ;her6vvrij taste! with: anything that will not agree with it, but should' deny herself. It f?tnP ';baby is nbt; inclipedlto sleep just when youvant it, be ajtiit aridv do not give: it anyihjDS Watj yqiio know the najureofj donot listen to any joi one that has not foitlvinJthe priesthood In case; ' of sickness?. Let us seek to our . Eiither in . t& !h-'ihnii!- : ; M th , 70. H. ? ; o, , Apr f im ';uiV ales, j SAxrr Editor Exponent: ; ; come 'evil-iitsfjyarious ns,h'd,;to fulfill1; all pblitIonsyeq:uJrd; ;of, lis accou n ta- ble heingsj destined, for eternity. Wp haye abandoned tbund a'ancingV' lind 'are' t rgHoy' "sr for YdungXa- Tlie&etfGW d ieswas. organized .'in;' tH Is place fry Bishop! jonniteese ana nis .uounseiors, Marenpziv the officers as .follows: fH Maggie XJteese, Eresidept, rMj0iu ino'l 1876; -- mKeC2e' lizzie lieese, h? 1 we hafvd ! dope ; V, Counselors! .ifhC r - ' 1 lril8G8 oi-caniz- hi ;. tiring pfforts 'have' been blest, iridhat:'thi?;M sisters seem inspired with new iirdor and zeal; andAve :hope tbaccdmpl ishj much; gobdj Our busjjiess transactions have" een PP a limit ed scale, yet We have Administered to the; wnts pf the sick and heodyin; every instance that has come unjler our ' observa,-tio- , ,,,r.; . ; ttTY April 14 t!iVl876i: .V'",; EDITOItiExPONENr::-- Uuii nu lly dod:burFath-vThe Spirit and blessing of r - ! d::' I o.-- i ' er is with U3 in Pur labors and mefeitigs fo? gethcr as a Belief Society, and although we i may o feeble- at present we realize that ' I wisdom and knowlpd arn TAiiiif !to in seeking thosd. gifts ' and adornments that are becoming to woman, and higlily nee-'- -' ossary 4io ';those who have received the E verlastingIospel and havPltho privileges 3 ' - I I Bemain, Bespectfuljy, 'r KOi Vi gPaiE E. ' Tibbsj Set-'y- s f ! omeh, the1 principles "of exaltation, i AVe highly prize the Exponent,5 for i t Is! full of gems of purest light j whoever wiltj : there is a different Influence in Utah to what thero Is in iny other country, arid that we are'really "a peculiar people.n I hope the rest may be said of us with as much truth, "zealous of good works." Wo aro well aware, however humble our labors may be, ' iney wm result in gooa, u we work with a pure moil ve. We are 'trying thls season to raise means to build a house, for there is qui to a largo Betrenchment Society here, who require a meeting-hous- e as well as ourselves. ' Q ; ' Our Pjesldentrsister Melkleiohn. is most untiring and energetic. ' iu her labors, 'and possesses the full confidence and love of 'tho ' : sisters in this place. That wo may do our part in helping roll ou Jlh is great work) and eventually be caved " r 6 'jaway.;'r:r .T ; ' , ls Your Sister in the Gospel,?,: . iQ 'wi t n h EniToR Exponent:! r I thought I would give you a little of my experience" and some of my views1 about the treatmeni; 6f; Ihtants whick is ope of great importance. 1 hear of s6 many little :i children dylng.'t-Ththought arises in my THE GIBL ! r , 4. a . Sabah Layton.', 1 the on part of the mothers. : They trust tooTmubh' to outside jnfluences. V I will tell my young sisters the course I used to pursue when my babies were sick. If V was alone- with them I used to lay my hands upon them and with all the faith I had ask the Lord to rebuke the Destroyer, and then I would kneel down and ask my Heavenly" Father to direct my mind as to what course I should take; and whatever camo to my mind" firsts however strange and simple it appeared,? I always acted upon It, and it never failed to relievo jay Children. When our Heavenly Father suffers the Destroyer to afflict our children Hq knows best what will restore them. I never administered any drugs or spirits or Boothirfg. syrups in all my lio. If they were so Bick that I had to lose my rest I would ask the Lord to give me : strength and patienro to bear with them. I ulJ - . : PEBIOD. OF-TH- E She wore a round-haput upon the7 back fif ainr to of b'er head like the aureole of t i-- s -- - ' " . f Ik- - it is a lack of wisdom in many cases '' Kaysviile," SlarchTff," 187(T. WOMAN'S 1 VOICE., J : f 1 1 -- ' I - Ij 5 V -- 1 - s ': :t'; ' heaven for wisdom, and he will not. with-- f poiajt irpm us, 11 we are living, pur, Ion and in the linoof: purduty My jisis- ters; into avhose hands Uhese' few simple v lines may chance to- fall let ; nie entreat" of; you not to let them pass:i by i unheeded. When our childrenre taken' from us,5 we r' ; do not know the loss t hey;f niay ustafrv 2 Even if they sustain none, we do I often feel that the Lord is displeased with us for ' neglecting our dUtisasweSiiteri do.,? .Wo ' trust too, much to the arm of fleshf "IWe are, . told in the Bible, "they that know their Master's will and do it Pot. shalf ho bnatnn ' 'with many stflpeaL. Xlii trij'l i.' wpiifd. firiyci r me greater sorrow than toiha ve my ; en takea away from me, If;X knew I had 'neglected any,duiyCforJh bless and comfort them is. whilo they are ; Iwithyou, it is too late when'they, are taken- : 1 With an earnest desire for the success of the Exponent, If: and -- ! n. u 1ft Yf0 . Our Belief iSooity was J ( visited dtiritii one'yeari:r'We &pti8.$o some of the. more expcri- the summer by enced 'sislers from Salt takWCl(y::i "M pak he is remarkable for her energy arid perse-f- ! ; veranse. She had disadvantaged to cuuiuuu. wiiii, maiuiy arising iroiii uiw members heihgilat ings;. but I am pleased to say f haf her1 up. y? Bec'y, ;b"e 11 in" the ..wi$h;Si$ iHc As our settlement is a small one, the So ciety' was organized with ten members.' We hold our meetings regularly, and desire to improvein everything pertaining to pur relations in life, socially, physically and religiously. We have already raised money enough to subscri be for the Exponent for .. f ' r - Tibbsj Seci f HaWs;CounseIors ' retary, Mrs. Hannah 1 SomervilleTreasur-- 1 ; pr.r Qur resolutions . arp; similar tq.f those' 1 by other sOQietie's' o the same ha- adopted ' ture;' Wo ; hold ? xbee tings jSemmonthly, ; . Our object la to enlarge the mind by reading uaeiui uuu&9, uiju cunyauug uur moral uuu, Intellectual natures realizing :that this y is tho only1 means by V Which" we o'can' enjoy true happiness, either iri'thls lift orV in the! lifeWhich is tp com ou r j t much: esteemed iPJcesiden trigham: u Yo$ng withjregard tq jijanpingf. was strictly ,t mi re- - f vfeel- -. We have read with great pleasure, the jrrsEliza " wys have faitbandifherchiIdhould4)o. v thoy.wiU,soon;bo ahlotQ.mahufacro,th'eirf ns-n-i own nats ana oonneis. funds-to Being 4e3idouapf raising purf chase bpp:Ge,yeraJl7 parses were venj : 1 of -- the differentSocieties, and wb pauch interested Jn their prosperity, and Avish' to bo one with them in their efforts for .j Mutual Improyenient "6n thV.secbnd day. Of jklarch' the (Officers pf: the Beliefybcie ty nt assisted "by president 'John Ha ws and seyC; ' eiai others, organized auBcfrerihm sociation.r;The following officers wTerp e j braiding s material Hpn;hand,i and Judging from the improvement that is .h'ejlng rmado,: - hdhninistftr chn If OUO r lnh(r- nwnnffnrintr X' will put her whole trust in God, she may al- - Mona, Juab Co. -- ports - fbuddIv of EditoiTExponen t : ' ? Emily Warburton, See. z , The Young: Ladles1 -- Society not allow' any person toVadmlnister ahy- - ' thing, to ray child but myself I think the mother is, or should be th proper person to withihe sanctified, is the prayer of your B. S. BEPOBTS., 1 jwhom her sweet ance of Idndred; fiice-;gav- a her ttn'iippear--- 4 o; Her bodffcei!was 'close fit-- f Iting indeed, drawn tight aboUttHe walst like the bark of a!yo'ung,: tender tree Her scantskirt; pulled' tight; th front eo as to J:C show her. form, and "tied hack;" terminat- e ed behind in a short train," Hke tho'7 tail of a mermaid. She was Amounted onr shoes seven sizes loo small fotxher feelin-- y deed, only her toes seemed to hjive- accom modation in them; and the high heels com- ing under' the ipstep tilted her: forward and completed the &rao oi her carriage. When she walked she put down pnelii Me.foot' at- elastic x ter the other as if each leg wert-ia- s as an iron rod. It was a" great: i lfafeure to see her pegging along, a thing of perfect . ' ' beauty, like ono of the drawings 4 -- - 3 fan-lik- ' . '4' - 1 of-som- e mythological biped by some of tht old masters; ' Good luck Is a man of pluck with his eeves rolled up; and working to mako it' ' 'IV- orao out right;1 I ' - 