WOMAN'S1 EXPONENT. 100 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT, LVLVGBEEVE BICITAIIDS; Editor copyx . ii. Ten copies for the price of nine. AdrerUelng rates; Each Bqaarej ten llnea ;pf Bpopareil. 8pdpJ one', time, $2.00;, per month, $3.60. A liberal' discotirit to "" '" regular adTertlBers. iil'.,';!' Exponent Office, corner South Temple, and First ' East sheets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 " a.m. to 5 p.m. crery day except Sunday. ' Address an Dnslness communications to ; Publisher "VToxak's Expowbxt, : ' : TTTT it ' i " I ; i8aitIiake.my,:Utah. 8ALT LAKE; CITY, DEC. 1, 1876. THE NATIONAL PUZZLE. FlrsCwho is elected President? And second- ly, how is the fact to bo demonstrated? Thirdly, is it to be determined by the civil powers, No Wonder people are becoming confused on the subject, for confusion reigns supreme, and if dissolution is not the result, of haranguing for reformation and or by military, force? , why then amendment, constitutionally, ' is ica surely exceptionally lucky. If only some good fairy would .whlsoer In the anxious listening ear of some pppuar editor, whose nerves are strained ta th? highest - tension pr touch, with magic hand the Electric Telegraph and send the newsihroughout,.the length arid breadth of the country now anxiously wailing Amer- ,J t V lluu JLJUVI SK t . V.WUWUVU4V V Tf '. UU1UHIVI U most commendable and praiseworthy action. Alas ! the people of th is highly enlightened to nineteenth icenturv are too matter-of-fac- t believe In fairies or. magic and top to put their trust in aii who the Scriptures affirm, holds the nations in His hand, and Who has declared he will turn and overturn until the kingdoms of this world become the kingdoms of God. 66 people will go on wonder! Dg arid puzzling and querying what is to be the result of tKls pecu liar crislain national aftalrsk; ; ; It is noCstraiige that people get1 muddled in trying to solve' the mysteryj for there never was a more vexatious riddle propounded to the ; ' " Ji V ' " American nation. All the "reports which have ' been received from the different states since the Tilderi party were so positive of his election have been con-tradic'.pry poes. On, every side arises, difficulty in determining the fcts, or arriyQ'-at'Ajasr to dedeciiorr,and, the only way out of it, clare the law, pertaining to presidential eJec ; -se- over-ruling'pow- tt-confident er i ; ! , -- tors incomplete. p This is the only policy left them ;tD pursue that will notimplicate the governing powers. Onepartymy of course cry out afainst tho dishonest proceedings of the other, but when both-knbthemselves to be equally in fault, what policy so clear as to lay the fault of the evil issues upondheir predecessors who fonned for them a government and constitution of laws, surpassing all other existing form?, and yet, (for their wicked purposes,) IneScieut And so the great American nation has made In ad vine- m a hi' pnmiu such ericantic strides , f lion) that they need; another amendment to meet the emergencies of this case. All these thing to those whose eyes are open to "the1 slgnajjftlie times" are direct Indications of the approaching crisis, which will eventually result in the final overthrow of all governments. Borne powerfnl agency which the world cannot understand U now manifesting ; rV-n- r ; y, 1. - ; rabllBhod Ja S&lt:LftkeCUj .tftaU. Terms; Trae copy pnrjear,7.w; one monj.as, Beml-montM- itself aridi producing sensations of among the masses' of the people, and some hare.'been so strangely impressed with forebodings of eyll, they have recalled the fireside' tales told them in, their childhood, and ' shrink, with trembling at the anticipation of anotherJpplitical revolution. The wisest arid shrewdest of political men express themselves, that when the truth is ascertai ned --about-the election, then something may be foretold in e regard - to the work which, will come the House of Congress tho ensuing season; but when the scale will turn or what may yet transpire, with all the party feeling that now pervades the publhrmind still remains inexplicable. One thing is apparent to those whoso minds are opened to the light of truth, and that is that. the adversary is striving for mastery in the hearts of the children of men, that instead of peac, he will, If possible bring war, and as a natural consequence of war, famine, pestilence and plague. If this nation would receive the testimony of the servants of God many of the difficulties might be avoided; but they are wise In their own conceit and hardened in their hearls,and as kings and rulers of nations refuged to listen in ancient times, so do they now reject that which would bring them prosperity and happiness. But Babylon must fall, and everything seems conspiring to bring about the fulfillment of the prophecies quickly. Already are nations of the greatest power and strength preparing for war and ultimately a wacin. which all nations will become engaged will be the result. In contemplation of these fearful occurrences the saints should be wise ... and seek more than ever for the spirit of Cited to direct them, that they may indeed become not only saviors of individuals, but assist in the protection of the rights and privileges of nabe-for- tions. i r ' It may seem to our readers that we have Wandered from the subject, but a question so momentous in its issues may admit of elaborate discussing. It has been advised by those who are anxious to assist In arriving at the adjudication of the great question now pending, that caution and quiet would be the better part of valor" ths both parties are weakening their own side by making , charges of dishonest dealings; that posivive proofs are-- the only real specific. If these wise men can succeed in lulling the great political tumult and clamor, we hope it may not prove the precursor of a tremendous national thunder-bo- lt that will split asunder the two opposing parties, so effectually thatit will Ikj impossible to cement them together again, Without,1 ai brother Heber C. Kimball used to payithrowingthe ciayrali back into thohopper and grinding it over. HOME AFFAIRS., we published a report from JNiill Creek Ward, Salt Lake County, in1 which two mistakes ocay curred accidentally: every , namo of the and the should read Tuesday; pre ident of the as?ociatlonntead oi rs.5 JsabeC 'la Carlisle, should read Mrslsabella Walters. The Utah Musical, Times, No. 9, which we have received, contains some choice and second-Thursd- inter-ninfartfclesWr- ;Jt which expesses clearly, the , true system of writing for the press, r Themusic is of home production and speaks well for Utah's musical talent It gives' many late dramatfc notes of interest. tftah may be justly proud of this , , - periodical. ; We have receivea speclrneri copy of the "Daily Hotel Gazette," a new publication in San Francisco, California. It seems from its variety of advertisements of business Ac., to be valuable for reference to travelers, etc They are using Miller and Richard type which they strongly recommend. This manufactory is a Branch of the Edinburgh Type F oundry, and has on hand, beside Hard Metal Scotch type, presses, and printing materials. Office, No., 521 Sacramento St., San Francisco. At the General Retrenchment Meeting, Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Sat, Nov. 25, Elder Junius F. Wellsrecently returned from a mission to the United States, addressed the assembly briefly.-H- e expressed" great joy at the work In progress among the sisters, and con trated. their, ideas, ieelings and knowledge of the future, with the women of the world. He manifested great interest, in v the Woman's Book, believing it would open the eyes of an enlightened class of society: to the facts in regard t3 the motives by which :the sisters were . .. actuated. ;, . The women of Utah have taken measures to secure the publication of a book which will combine in one volume, the lives and testimo-nie- s of the sisters a& far as possible, from the time of the rise of the church in KirUapoTttp to the present day. Such arrangements have been made as will ensure to every sister ample returns for' all' tridney invested either in her own name, or In oallnectfoh, With a Relief Society. It is expected thiff book will reach many places, homes and' Individuals where the doctrines of the Latter-dain whatSaint, ever form presented, would not be! toTerated; for that reason it will do tho mbsV'efncient preaching to a cerWfri las3oftpeoptel,n(me y 1 enthusiasm upon 'this subject 1 w'o-utc- l ; not be In ."forwarding tnfs laudable amigs to iisei work. The women of .Utah certainly fbonld able' ia publish Their pwu lives. ,We hope 'to see the sisters c6mo forward and 'subscrib'fpr ihit immediately, that, the work may be speedily published and circulated. ,. h we have received from the authorj a new publication entitled uOvercom.5The' book ' C. W. Iekrosk, editor of the Ogden Junction, and S. W. Sears, produce" and grain merchant, areone on a business trip to Sari Fran Cisco. We iiavet recently receivexl, through the courtesy of the editor who was in Salt Lake City a short time ago, as an exchaoge, "The Watchman," published In Boston, Mass. It Is the second oldest newspaper in the State. Hox GEonan Q Cannon, the people's Delegate to Congress, left this city for Washington, D. C, Tuesday morning, Nov. 27th. "We wifh'hlm a pleasant trip and success In his efforts to maintain the national rights of the" people of the Territory of Utah. . is published by :Lovell pridtlrig ati ! ;" pecq-liarl- r ; - f Correction- In the Exponent of Nov. - 1, publish; ing Co., New York. The jvriW ti. A American lady of prejx)ssesing appearance arid gifted in conversation. We had: the pleasure of meeting her liere, when cn her way to San Francisco; he, ran down to J?a!t Lae' fora davprtwb ig Ue tu'e Cityof theS'ints." We return her our thanks for the book, i'd th favorable notice given W in the Chicago Tribune." Her book is a gem in its- way drawn frorii nai life. It is a true tale, calculated to touch the heart, told in a charming and pathetic fetylci, and bears a Similarity tp man incidents occurring in households all pTer the country.; If mother and isters can! be. in h .duced (and this is the author's noble earnest entreaty and tho ihfluencoiof desfgo)-throug- y ii f I f 