WOMAN' a DRESSEll) V TO M R. E. A; WHITNEY L; CITY, ON THE 7oT1I ANNIVERSARY HER BIRTH-DA- S. j S- EXP ON EN T . - 147 overcouie our weaknesses. How much, do you 'suppose it availeth Lucifer to tempt President Young? Very littlo indeed. Wo should try and live so that Ave too shouid have a coat of mail impervious to the shafts ; ',bj the enemy, in spying strain every nejrve to do right, I would like to explain how to resist temptation in a few instances. Did you ever notico the different influen- ces that surround different persons? To il- Iustrate: we, all of us, I presume, are acquainted with one or more who are not Lat- -' ter Bay Saints. In meeting them on tho - street or at our homes, are we not impelled "to talk 6f halls, pwtiesjja ally novels) we have read? Again, when we meet one of the "girls," does , not, our conversation unconsciously, turn on the light current tonics of the hour. The last sensa tion, the coming theatre, Mrs. John Smith's new bonnet, and "how cruel it was of Tilda e Anri to play off on Adolphus." On the nand when we meet some good Latter Day Saint, do we not, unintentionally perhaps, speak of the meeting we attended last Sunday, and how well Bro. So and So spoke? These, although we may not realize it are the corre.ponding infiuetices that people. Thus we may see wo should cultivate the society of the Saints, for, from always talking on theso frivolous subjects wo make them our study, so at to be able to talk more fluently about them, and so eventually they come to ho our every day thoughts. This is one of the ways Satan has of leading us out of the line of our duty. We iceet our outside friends, and are so cordially invitfd to call and-sethem, and they treat us so well and are so agreeable that we go again and so on. Another thing I wish tortpuchpon, is reading novels. I used to be in the h i bit of reading a great many but since I have I have quit it altogether. been I consider that it is as hurtful to the mind,: as drinking tea and coffee is to the body. And one of the principal rule3of the Unit-te- d Order is, that we will improve our time. - And I think that our time is worse than wasted in this evil practice. It seems to me more hurtful than visiting outside ac- -. disquaintances. We have all realized the satisfied, discontented feeling that immediately follows readinga novel. Very often we neglect our duties or studies tofinish them,, and sit up half the night besides; and when wo are through, we resolve wo won't read another in a hurry. Do you suppose if; this habit did us no harm it would effect us thus? Why no! Of course not Not only this, but life is too real, too earnest to spend in reading such trash. noth.-inPerhaps 'you think, well I can do y sol will just read thisone story;" but resist tho temptation, and instead select one of our Church books, and if you preslst in your determination to let the novels alone, thismorbid craving will leave you. And in its place will bo a freedom that is indescribread-in- g able, and you will take a pleasure in can good soliiT books that you never Believe am so full of thoughts myself, that I am rather churlish f saying much to others. But that is the way we improve I supise, each one exhorts the rest to keep the law, and let uV enleavor tb keep it more: faithfully, at the same time ourselves. .1 , OF Y. ; v Wbero'er, Dear Friend, on earth.I Tho' on tbelauioroo thesea y My mind, oft to my "mountain homo" ; Rfevdrts td "loved ones' there, Vitb tliee. ; , ' And, as familiar scenes I trace Around my home, with f riends most dear, : I always meet one precious face, That bsams wltlr love - . ay heart to cher. ' face that wears afjtJonfr toiley,.,--True Index to the heart within- A peaceful heart, devoid of guile A hcait that grieves to witness sin. ; A y ; beait that fourscore j ears, but five, Has ever ihrob'd.for ethers' woes Rejoloed when trith and.virtoe.thrive A hearty rpmjw hence affection flows. A ,' r . .; In heaven above! the righteous find .True recompense lor deeds of worth; . And there aiy&Jts a husband kind -- To wlcomo thee from scenes of earth. And thore with hinii who waits for thee, oth-'ef- r : i : - To welcome tbeo to peaceful ; rest--- " , A rest from earthly sorrows free, ., This feeble token, worthy- - Friend, As birthday gift, I'sond to thee, And as your fervent pray'rslascend, remember me. O. Remember, " ; , Sydney, Australia, Dec. .2t5th, .,; '. ; , Eldek Isaac Gkk. f HOW TO RESIST TEMPTATION. e WRITTEN FOE WARD. T n' ' TIIE .YOUNG LADIES ASSOCIATION OF TIIE 13th rti f ' Proa i f ant) a ra " quest, Thop6 the Lord will bless me with His spirit, so what I write will be beneficial to myself as well as to the rest. I would like to say a few words about tempta tioDrIn the prayer. given us for a model by our Savior, one sentence always lays with force on my mind. ,'It is this; "Lead us not into temptation.", Mark, it says particularly, "Lead us hot info 'temptation," showing that sometimes we arc tempted for sw-v- r-- l t- - tr r it 1 1 V that be? ITnghtetfus purpose. Did you ever read in the Poctrine.and.Cov- euants where it tells that a certain man was delivered over to the buffettiogs of Satan.. he yhat was, the cause of this? Becausewhen had transgressed the law. Therefore, we nre delivered over to temptation, we are either tried so that we may prove to angete and men that we will stand firm, or el$e; wo ha vo trjinsrped the law. We may be but templed while we are doing our best, unless 'we yield to it, it can do us no harm. Of coarse as long as Satan roams the earth, he will endeavor to lead us astray liiWiVery direction, still we must learn to resist Ifis. evil promptings. Foz tins purpose we are. placed here; to', keep our Second,- .Estate1 ; to," overcome the vorld, the flesh.and theDev il. And how impoxtant is our every step here to make, oV to mar our; whole lives hereafter. SohieA things may-- seem trifles hero, but their influence over our future,, can scarcely be comprehended,unIess looked at by tho light of revelation. Satan will from the only be hound by being shut out our govIiearts of the faints; and it is In that' we erning ourselves in small things, are enabled to overcome great temptations. When the Evil One finds us invulnerable on ceases to tempt us. there. one 'point-nHence' when we pray to be kept fronrtemp-tatiowe pray to keep the law in every Wc must strain every nerve to re-haptiz- ed T 4 How1 can . ; -- : ; - , , n, articular. Saloame. , . " g to-da- while under this "novel yoke." the words of ono who strove honestly and and : prayerfully to break up this evil habit, feels that through the Spirit of God, she has come offconquexor, and. enjoys the possession of a peaceful conscience in this particular. Now girls you will have more time to attend meeting if you read tewer novels. Do try and let ihem alono and realize tho folblessing from it, for there's a blessing lowing obedience to every commandment of God And he has commanded us through his prophet to quit thisNruinou3 Practice. I would like to say a grfeat deal more, but -- . A GOOD BEGINNING. ' There are many good and; noble resolutions made by the great majority of peoplo Very frequently, but t he effort of putting them into operation is delayed from time to time until thoy aro forgotten or all interest XO , ail II1CUI IIIIU tliVIVtUll' w crv er.uenveu irom ineni. ouuiu yci&nis, mciu are too, who continually have so' many good resolutions in theory but fail to put them into practice because they attempt ty perform them all at once, and reach : no real beneficial results from any. But the greatest importance in all things is to take the first step, Itemember in all to make a beginning. things, if you do not begin, you will never come to an end. The first weed pulled up in the garden, the first seed in the ground, the first shilling put in the savings bankr arid the first mile traveled on a journey, are all important thing; they make a beginning, aud thereby a hope, a promise, a pledge, an asiurance that you are in earnest with what you have undertaken. How many a poor, idle, errjng, hesitating outcast is now creeping and crawling through the world who might hao held up his head and prospered, if instead of putting off his resolutions of industry and amendment, ho had only made a beginning! Zi: If you intent! to refonn ia habit, make a firm beginning; if you wish to do a good acf begin at once, for no ono can be too early in a good work. X'J- ; .t v;. WOMAN'S WRONGS. has Although the condition of woman tar-fromaterially improved, it is still what it should be. She is still hampered still igwith social fetterVsinrXn-ilavednored tho right of self maintenance coequal with man. Sho is still debarred tho of privilege of living, unless at a sacrificeno. in the prostitution, of tho blest traits' of her' nature. If she is will-in- g to work, she discovers few avenues of employment open Man ha monopolized nearly all, and she must compete with him in the battle for existence. Strong though she may bo In heart, her tender nature is illy fitted to cope with the strongeris attributes of her masculine rival, and she generally compelled to quit the field, and either starve,1 sell herself in puhllc, or under the guise of marriage, immolate her womanly purity. ; Truly, woman hai" many wrongs, but the greatest of all is the she encounters in earning an honeat v MaiiY ANN. livelihood. The Gem. v m: , ; self-respec-t,, - : -- ditli-cuitl- es VHE that can 'apprehend aud 'consider -. vice, with all her baits and seeming pleasure, andyet abstain, and yet distinguish, and prefer that which in truly better, he is a true way hiring CnrbUan. I; cannot praise , d cloistered .virtue, uubreathedthat never fcallies out andseeks her adversary, but bteps out of tho way when. that immoi'tal garland is to bo run for not without du.-- t aud heat" John Milton. a fugitive,-fur- m unexr-ciseoVan- 