WOJI AN ' SEX P 0 KB NT. MisslM. t ' territory. &omper6nsinter-- r csted in the subject of schools and education in Utah, and from straogers who have visited her ' ; Arthur Parsons, "Yb given during this iermwhfcb cannot fail to be an advantage to those eDgaged in teaching, and indeed to all. There was a report irom the committee on resolutions, tendering thanks to Prof. J. It. Park and others who- had: assisted hi mthe rai road companies, and all Lo had favored the Institute in any way. Prof. Park returned his thanks and also in behalf of all interested, and made some most excellent .closing remarks which it would be well for every person to re- have had the pleasu re of a call from !.' ? 1 1 tion of the country. H 7 Bro. HardyJnformed. us they had, while traveling visited the day and Sunday Schools and fpokeno them whenever they could. At tfteyhapjbexi very, niucu gratified with the,manneT;M ducteclby rs.jBean, & r lad wboVfieemed to have a;thorbugi.; understanding of her . work! She had a class in the Book of Mormon which was very interesting; this Book as ;a history of this country; and its former inhabitants land , - -- the honorable superintendent,' 0. H. Riggs, of Ulah fhenlfments of the teachers of lf : .: government ought; to bo well understood by tho and; especially by; the ch ildfeh of 4he latter-da- y Saints, rr t On tho 10th- of July Elders' Young.: and Hardy started North to visit that part of the country on the same mission; they held 4heir first meeting at Brigham Clty with the young people thero'itth heMr assembly and had an intere stinj? :tIrne.They ihen proceeded through v Cch? every to wn, 1 - ? ! I : 1 HoracV'Greely. . , ; rising-generation,- yaney;-visltingi;'ainc- 8t ornlzing'asscciationa at Hyrum76mithfield, to Soda Hnrinrs and on' andYellsvilfe; thence ' 'I Bear Iake' Yalleyrliolding' meetings vox . , . A... (' tn.oV "D E laiiT 6f ; rXiGiiT: q SclefjUsts have Tf ;now proved .that'Iigh't has weipb'f,' it Isejcms . n, fogeth.er, b it fell, Mr. Crook, 1al .the Roi; Institution London ; --l- Jately ; demonstrated not" , ;pnly.thls;ru'th;uV ;r culd bemsured alk scale andwith foendohV'p rr a very p nelyvcoristruct ed, a pratus j'y et .i t thil;-,ha- s . . V suffices td' give a" standard, ;arid fromthls the calculation Is .that sunlight falls with a. " weight of thlrty-tw- o grains to every square s ?Joo9 : and pamphlets containing the"; first "principles i ine uospei tnrougb the Sunday Schools arid associaJiqns'in the eettlcments; it wlll no doubt " Ted a certain fepellaritorqe upon whatever " v L 4 . . ImpossiblQ ,fo asspQiato light , .vitli . ,pjgh t f so long have we looked at it In another seiise, JVthat ttseetns inerediblo to associate the' two ; - -- -- 1 , : y' : -- in full below be suSr7! the secretary' of this Convention to rice-swam- p, . : - lotions,.whIch wo.glve l - - - ; s f , , . : . Sec: fiwell on this at to .a great deal of instruction ; "':.-- . polntj for Iwouldiidetor 2:'others'frm'$hterIng that place of torment Hair the young men In this country; with many' old enough to know better; would go Into busiriess-this,' into debttomor-rpw- , if they could. Most poor men are 'so ignorant as to envy the merchant or mariu- . facturer? whoso life is one fticesant struggle with pecuniary difQculties; who h driven to constant "sihknirig," arid who, from month to month, barely evades the insolv- ency which sooner or later overtakes most men in business; so that it has been computed thathutorie man in twenty of them achieve a pecuniary euccess. 1 For my own part I would j rather beconvlct- - inu the Stato prison, a slave In a than lli'e under rharroW the of topass through debt, . Xetrnpyy6un man miffjude him-seunfortunate, or' i hzlf pobrf mj long as he has the ull use of his limbs arid faculties, and- - is substantially free from debt. Hunger, cold, rags, hard work, conteiript, Riisniftirin' and nninst fnnrnb nrn HIda mma. ' worse than them able, but debt isinfiititely CIkA. 4 A rM nil' And t I t'J h ftrl ' rsi ; either or all to be : tho 4' support oty : ifijr ucuiiuiuy jeara, me iesson wnicn x should most earnestly" seek to impress up-011 them Iti, "never run ih' debt:" Avoid pecuriiary obligations as0 you "would pestilence arid famlne.f: ir you vhavbuV fifty cents arid can' get'rid pidre f6'rra Hveekj buy V a peck of corn,' parch it aud'HVe on It ra- ther than owe t4dolIarf Of course I know v ; that some men must "do business' n thai3 In. vol ves a risk, and; niust give7 rio'tb or other ' obligations, arid I f do' not' consider him in debt who can lay his hands directly oii' the inearis of pay ing, at some little sacrifice all i; he owes; I speak? 6f real 1 debtthat ' which involves risk arid sacrifice pn?foneV8ideyob ' ligatibd arid dependence oh the other-ran- d say frorri air suchlere Verjroulh btssibly God to preserve hlrri Vetmore.- ' pray Eiders' M..B. Young and M. H. Hardy who have been traveling for some most of the time through the settlements in the interest of jJ)'.;jyoun.,.Meh ;MdtaallIm- provement Associations. They visited most of the settleiiients South as far as S George, and organized in all the towns where it was deem-- ! ed; practicable; they express themselves as having been treated with the utmosMdnd--nesa'hd hospitality by bishops and people, and everything done as far as possible to advance the special mission in which they were engaged. Br. Young while South made quite a collection of minerals and curiosities to add to his cabinet; among them were specimens of petrified corn which must have Jain at. least a hundred 'years,' but were perfect In outline Upon" the topJ of a very blgh: mountain ho found a great number of petrified oyster shells, perfect, and some of them closed together, never having been opened, proving beyond contradiction that the sea bad once covered that por- i . r': . r member and profit by. He exhorted the teachers to remember always at all times and in all places, in the schoolroom and out of the school that their conduct should be most exemplary. He told them- how closely children watched the conduct of teachers and those who were placed over them; consequently how much evil a bad example might work upon the minds of those who were too young to discriminate for themselves.. He said the future happiness and prosperity of a nation depended upon the training 'and- education ' of the young; and that teachers dbuld not bo too careful and judicious in'th'e course pursued 'tbem- r selves; and by example as;they well as precept instil into' the mihds of pupils true principles. The Institute in its session this year numbered 158 members, including some from 'almost 6YQ, countyin'Utati; These reunions will serve to give tone and elevation to the system of education tho bringing best together andy; talent of the country promote the advancement of literature and science. noN. JoiiNTavlorand Hon. J. F. with the teachers of the territory, met Smith, in the IJni verslty Building gat ' Aug. i2tb, . and 14thto discuss the Monday Aug. question of suitable school books for the territory-rIt is well known that some cf the superintendents a3d. teachers of schools have declined accept-Inf- e some of the school books adopted by the convention.. : RUNNING IN DEBT. , TIie Norjial Institute closed its regular session Thursdayr4 ug." 17lhl There IThas been , v ! . . -- nently deserve, ir. resume her accustomed occupation. It is; to be hoped that through the assistance of our energetic sisters in Bountiful and elsewhere, we can trim our hats with Ribbons of E. R. S. Home Manufacture. , - success and patronage we are sure , they . em I ;::: A ; weaver. .Mrs. Porter has just arrived from England and has brought harness, ieeds, shuttles &c Ac, with a model of her loom. This morning she goes to Bountiful, Davis . Co., where she expects to locate, and, as early as practicable, . .r" - f z: rpraiseiandommendationi eB-city,ngi- Sunday School teachers very considerably. There are many of the children who are not sufficiently informed of the fundamental principles of the Gospel. Elder Hardy has been for some years assistant to Pr.' J. R.; Park In the Deseret University in Salt Lafeo jCIty, he has iow gone to aesist BrCarV GrMaeser A a the Academy at Provo., Ve wish them the the late convention Whereas, The acts-oheld by the superintendents of schools, of the territory April 6th, 7th and 8th, 1876, for the purpose of adopting text books in accordance with section 16 of the school law of Utah, fail- -, ed to meet the approval of many of the citizens of said territory, in consequence of which said act failed from being carried:: into execu-tion; and Whereas, Said failure has be en attended with much inconvenience to our schools,""in some instances even breaking up classes, thus placing our teachers in a very embarrassing v: V position; I ;r7 7 .Therefore, it is the voice of Jthfg convention that the Hon. 0. H. "Biggs call a convention fort the purpose of unravelling the presc nt difficulty, and if possible bring about a change before opening our winter schools,, In offering this resolution this assembly does ' rnot presume to criticize the acts of said convention, but simply fiom necessity calls for relief, and appeals to those whose right it is to say what text. books we shall have. n Ghables Weight, Chairman. . 9. d-- be me -- school and taken pains to go through her rooms and hear recitations. Miss Cook has taught for many yeara and Is a thorough and energetic worker-i- n the cause of education in the school room and elsewhere. Her terms for tuition will be the same as usual. Mrs. WeIls: Yesterday I had the pleasure of an interview with, Mrs. Porter; a Bilk llib-bo- n have a tendency to facilitate the work of the --- ahoul this territory, and -- that the-sapublished in the leading; newspapers of said -will ? opeuiher-Grad- ed .'School in the Social Hall off the first Monday !in this month, September 4th, assisted by her former teachers. Miss Cook has taken great espains and been .Untiring in her efforts to tablish this system of 'school here; she has so far succeeded as tot draw forth encomiums of -E-- Coo '.63'. flfty-seve- a 3,000,000000 tonaf lo the square mile, or, tons onV the' whole earth, a 3;,globe front its orbit; and send ft nyfng off into space, DUt lor mo sim muru uiguuu Influenco of gravity." 