EXPONENT. WOMAN'S : .is hatevor evil tranp-ire.and the mother tu -t ti e ed h:'.' i!:ui.ibly ,,.:,. i;.;!.,. ;. ','. Then in the namewo-of"comuion sen.se, let iai!ce. and bo fortified strengthened by every thai -imay be ade ,.: !,:e advantage, Vaat. ly and thoroughly li'tted not only to t,, jinMi;: and tii:. !MI'l.!)Mi''R' AM'JIKhM ;Y 31! I'.-- . I , : -- lo Oil:. I V U t wv-- nv drawimr-r'-i-m- ",Vr f Si 1. i Van tr.c. wer !i::;t.n hx--v.- t O,- - !. i pr.iVi l.. ,i (;.;:;. i.M ;m l i t!.- i ! h ; t!o- - li. : h -t I ; f : ur.-- o : .' 1 :. ln i Tv eTl UlllL-- it; y. t who ;;a-exercise of one's hear a .similarity u. cone the 'ess our ow n. Pros ami v. ; - ar! . L :.t v..ri--;.- - its th,c :,JTii--ti.t-- th-aih- they are niuMk-i'. at t lo;.-- in fam the- ph-.'.s-- ur pains of Lane (;. crowding ;:: a the mind, who shall say ?v,ru:)y liot the same faldof labor an hidalgo in thought1, raking our own iew of t . of iho jui."se'oi in' muni nicies, with rt t elements o Y may rinrr together a fow skrels of tl. night Which perchaacc may aw;d-;ein otiier heart.-,- feeling ural iuijullsc-- sy'tr.p.i- tlii'tic with onr-- , 'Licit now iic irnitrii't ,:ti;fl tlu-which,, liav jjot the fmvo to in itito bcinjr and an-1 is not aione wfuith or aj'pendapr-r - 1 i..a-tha- n No wonder that 1 y ' w.'-rd-- the md s.u!sa;i:i.-- . U icarc limnexDin jduty. lioia-:not :ok I does one as a place li uion in which there is nut only hud peace to be 'found, bat duties to 0 perform ed; then iiirevrel to coiitentiuent at lioiiie.' These duties and tiMi:ation m:ry more largely upoir-thewire ra jtl0i!H.r, than other. members .of tise houv.-li1, hut none are exeihpt, it is a part of all. There are certain, duties' in the home' relations, which unfulfilled leave the- heart and home both desolate; dwindles to a liv-- . ing death,-morexquisitely painful to the day, the home qukstion? About our homes' let our best- aifections-- , centre, make them attractive tovour children and friends, be courteous ana iolio to those of our own household, cultivate cheer-- , fulness and good-humand let the interests of. home'devolve 'upon all, 'let it be mutually shared, and the burden will be light, let duty, stands guard, as a" sentinel, whispering to 1:3 at all times the obligations we owe each other. The better in. every the homea of the people, so in proportion will society and governments be, ior from those homes must the future rulers of the nation come. . . S. L. City, M..--Hh- , 1S7C. or; ros-poc- t6i-e.-- t -- TTIAYEII. . i : as ..-- 1 : repeatingaome-thin- g you have said over a hundred times before, and all the while your mind is occupied with something dse, srae enioy-mevou have-tnior going to..' have" or something foreign to that which Vouro engaged in; is this Prayer? No, this is mockery.- The poet says, .'d'rayer is - nt d - the'-soul'- sincere desire utteled or ed: then when we pray we in aunexpre. it be pray for things t we need. We can ask m.a'few words; for" fill the blessings sin-cerea- th-a- nor still Catherine of Aragon was good. looking; for a while they .swayed the fickle heart of their Bluebeard husband.. Queen Anne was a dowdy, graceless woman in her best days. Cromwell's wife was plain. When Que?n Anne of Bohemia came ,o India as a bride, there was a pageant at Clieapside oHr. castle with two tovers; from both sides of which ran fountains of wine; and we are told tlvij- the beautiful girls who blew in the faces ,of the king and que&a caused the plain bride to look plainer; yet -she made her "way m the good 'graces d' king and people.In France the gay .and pleasure-lovinlaurels. plain women have- gained many instance, memorable Madame de Stael is, a 'of though no one was more conscious wasl'ra name per.sonal defects, Even her power in itself. The great Napoleon to be so jealous of her "icfiaence that no persuasion would induce him to her to return to France. Madcmoi'e de Lespinasse, one of the. most .fascinating women of her day, who exereiseu vellous influence on those around hcr.o - g conae-scehde- . was a plain woman. - Madame d'Epiuay neither beautiful nor clever, but ffirtsst Madame deMailly wathe plaicf the Court. .'Mari'Il,n?7 daughter of Stan islau, Jim gbutot lnterewife of Louis- XV., was plain, -- is.it?. The mere matter of 'l'ny:-r,-vha-t . i.rm of kneeling dsuvn fnd Cloves, i gol-i-lea- - al .". -- ' - - n out-east- s . V sensitive soul, than the phy-h-death of the body. What earthly in is more sred to husband and fathertban to inakeliis home the dearest spot'on ail the earth by adatir.' himself to the' surroundings of the hotm sphere, and elevating it to the embodied .idoalof the home which all long to rest in when tired with the bustle, fatigue and excitement of the 'Avork-a-da- y worhi. " Should any:person allow 'themselves to'' devote all their energies and time in pur- -' suit of any external object or influence so f ir as to ignore, or lose their interest in home life? Who'' has. a 'better" claim Jo know something of the soul of the man whosename they bear "than the wife' and children? The most imVartaottiuestiOns of the day considered by the "world at large). "Re" t (so iormf Temperance, The Woman Qaesl:oa,'r .well asnany others, all point significantly Neither .Anne of Men are every where: willing to ackinnvl. edge, home is not home without the presence of woman. Ask the poor wdiosu the world turn from in-- corn, what v.aahl give them most satisfaction, they will tell you a home. Then after all is ndt one of the most important questions of the Ie-' foTuCT--f -- 1:, g Cod-give- . Among women of exalted rank who been wanting in beauty are Margaret of Sweden, Matilda, Empress of Germany, and. wife" cf An Christina of Sweden, thony, had few persorrd charms; nor had Terentia, wife of Ciceii), if one may trust to the majority of historians; but most cf these have found some admirers among " right-- . true home. One wfl! say it is af--- " t!ti-ris fection, granted that U reoui-i- u another tulamin whose fn;in his "pn-t'wi- g far-seein- SIcKean. PLAIN" WOMEN. women are beginning to seek out some remedy for the injustice done their- ex. Woman should lie of eiomtly capable proteetiug her true inter-e-t- s and all-jno invasion' of her a li Sara ii liigli-miude- d t , will well-known- -- 1 ' Stv-io- r -- ; - of com- - w-n-- toosoul-hariow-in- . When wiie ind s, ' ;. riiiiiiatk-i:.- ' ;':,Tiaies a -- lb-yrint- hinder V. live pure lives. Jesus laid u ''Pray without ceasing that you enter not into temptation." How needful that we should do so, for there" are many- snares lau to lead us astray, but if we'keep a prayerful spirit we will be sure to prevail against thejn. It is by prayer and he we receive that blessings of gifts, vfe that receive the Gospel. Ifkby prayer in the are we If the Kmowjedge whether, that or is hot. channel It by prayer right ' we are enabled to live faithful. Then let us be pray erf id and ask our who set us the example of p.raver, to teach us how to approach God in hui arfl faith. ' set-tain'- w r. v r i b" and tlm-- e faithfully to d;j d WI, th C l.atie u.pH r ' Kfarageihent. There are turn hearted; and unap- ha devote themselves, unself-anh.uly to h'ousehold duties never allowing themselves, pleasure only; their dome&tio' avocacr re reatlon- out.-id- e of a life who live abject slavery, nev-i-- r tions, to find a sure patli oat of the of darkness, doubt and uncerenvel-ciM'-- d tainty in which circumstances have tliem.-- I will not take time to enumer-at- e cau-e) and they are is one of. the' worst' causes; .vet there ar1 many others, ton numerous to loentien. I would not draw the picture of tkcrWo-olate- d homes, it' is where broken vows and aching hearts' are the result If duties unperformed and Such homes are iliiratiohs unfulfilled vauereu oroaacai Hi! o er i;n land, ail to wli'') are ia'e. n. t. d iii humanity it is i.i. t!.-Ug- tW to be , - -' mmv r . andJaMi-.;x:v"- ln'djng !y n.-e- o.--- ai.T sarreuiaimg-- , f.m. aud cuttles j.hVsi'jUCy Xl vertheWs f e'(-r- f whiclNociety-i-- trive' iiO."' i I an. I he - ' i - iii'vii hv . I.ibrie- aa-- mg'pers.,;, tench the intra, ate : r- - : heart. It is wonky a u: a1 in v, J a mortal t e.: t e of fame. lu Wen uis.jfr.ti-a ware that the : of aib--ra!'Vor- !Vr fM,h:.h r it it su! li eery - .flVwr, !.;;! V ; : : p:r:t artna:;;t und jianage . her household; hut to per. and .whdom the ardnou .V we stand in' need of; and thank God for the blessings of the Gospel and all other thira, Ttiere is nothing, more pure and angelic rhan a prayer when, uttered with an earnest and contrite heart. When we"' ieel discouwe Should go to our" raged or down-hearte- d and ask for strength to Father Heavenly all" i.ve.icc.me temptations, "and endure &'j we ask in faith Lelievic and when tiia':;', to receive that which Is bo sure .will .we best.goo?, for Jesus said;. "ask and it 'shall be given." We do not always need to go to our room to pray, we can pray in cur hearts' just as earnest if .we are humble and nd nest wom-a- - - ivcr. nnH fh if fVimrmsKibitine Princes?, iU tner ond w ife of Philin. Duke of Arsjou, Ire of Louis-XIVand mother of the ' Jj! XV. Orlean.?, the regent during Louis iiority a .Vvconah who exercised jiiorcw. than any of her time was" coarse w1" w ture," and so ungainly that her large pq'ssed into a proverb. She was of o line habits, clinging to the 'customs a short, close Wg many, and. ., U. L man's. Exi ' ' 