V V " - "" - - t - -- : v. i My husband har blen shot at before, my eyes. when he was carrying a flag bfjpruce and conducting two of the enemy's men In-- ; to their camp. At one time in the State of Missouri three or four of ainoh came into ray house,, armed with swords, pistols and bowie-kniveand demanded to know .where my husband was, and when I retused to betray him into their hands they threatened to blow! out my brains,ut finding I would set . fire, to not comply, they- - threatened For tbe Ejpohhst. ADDRESSED TO MRS. L. B. Y. BY .BEQUEST. And humbletbouf h it be and all too weak To give the 'diapason ottaS tcul, yes, I blew the Giver, Yet I bless-y- es, Who basjtningmy soul with chords so sweet, That to tfi mighty touch of natnre they respond, note full. , When lre and kindneas give the key Language is poor to demonstrate the heart, And hence we often represent ourselves Amiss, where we alone dearo to b true; Bat Sifnts see y6 to eyeanil comprehend That grand pulsation, heart toheart" and hencer Thoagh aor my language, I will iiwpe to give The honest feelings of aa honest heart. For years I've known thy face, and musing gazed ' Jliwn It m wo gaxe'upon a atar u ivay in the blue ether t)f the summer nhjht, Or as a picture set for contemplatibnl tf ; -- The t f - -- ; ' ' 1 Chiaeled,'claesic, chaste and regular, Such as sculptors choose for models, and to mould; And the, ejye that glorious orb that lights ' The numan: Xace with fire divine In thee ' Bore calm and gentle rale o'er all the rest; ' Suca study, lady, bast thou been to me. I describe thy face as Index of thy son! :t i t Which simply shoTf the jewel finely set. Where much is given, much requirM will be, , ' And hence aesPOJrsi aiutrrvthe head", ; ' ' will bow; . The gifted head-bumiThe soul is cognizant of itanobilityr u , 'i : .. And feels i bears! upon ilsmo.rtal brow ' The seal and coronet of Deity! ; , And hence, the noble strive to grace their high Descent with deeds that ne'er shall tarnish it; ' " " Their great ambition is to be a Saint, T6 bless their God for an He has bestowed And hold Bis gifts; as Stewards hold the wealth J. Their master in their hands has placed, , To be accounted for with usury. V' , Slater, thou wert kind in tbv exDreilnnj . To .my humble self, saying thou dld'st desire lit' e should, mingle more, that-w- e might Each other better thaff In days thart compTndT past; To which, most freely doth my heart respond; f ;- --f It ; - 1 Lake City, May 4tfc. ; A' V , - ' v ' The ' , !V brie-thir- d irty-thre- thousand' persons Switzerland, 4 o wateK-makingj- n' women.- - a new monthly pape? cstablisheclrin4 Ne w ilCorkibyR-MiUer, an4 pther to Advo l ijcatei xmrrencyirotorm, 1Wo.raan!s nvjotherif mproyements. ?iWV? Rgbts,and tliat ' Mrs. Secretary abe informed Bclda'me-wa- i ,attacheTdf;f6';that re- - "Wis 1 dfthe ; :i WQmen JiieT-diyBaint- s lly -- ns 1 i ! ; ago to jpay!,no heed to the ; yrs ;6f bnestomen foV 't'h eiriirifra n i3 1 de-- ;$ - Vomen wiEhOrOaftebe admitted as students by the University-at-Delawar- e, -- 1 The I Board of Trusles C have "re J solved that ladies,J graduates '" branches of learhihg; bo:,admitted to the the re regular college classes-upopassing lSi i n;; Ohio. -Of- y, whollyunenduraW ing to make Iniilarsacrifices'to. Abraham when he offered up jita only son, believing and trustln Iij 6od nhat alt would be well. We TejoJciillthe .principle? 'of: plural marriage.auduldidt' have: it oiherwise if we couldr To us ;there is a nbbillty of uiguav namquie.oa eario, coming through !the; patriarchal ordei" pf marriage. I, rayselhat Uf0 Ja'lt for tblrty .years, and I believe gloved my husband Jruly; and devotedly, andVasmarrieti tq':hiui expect Ing to be his jonly wife so long aa I should a few bhisiemeptNew KSrthwest, -'olher -- duired:examIntIons --j- r ; psiciarisofh i.stanlbginifi.eCtate scliool 'in good eddal SocJety,;; are ;;;iuCBriciitM.vf''BaV is these;prmlseii0blessin2i Irirthb fa ture, tor which we continually lopfprard, -- that buoy us up , under, Circumstances that, -- viewed from'a w6rldly 'standard; would be , t , j A J ?f , p. - t ill. u,9 V1 ouu i pse, - ITue' Women's Provident arid Protective Leagnd'of Ix)ndon,havo issued. the first num. her of Tmonthly .paper; entitled the Women's Union Journal Jt chiefly consists f reports of ::thd jDeague'srmovementSy'and bears tho nominal prico of o6o penny;rrti a-:li-ttle E 1 iUBUUO, MAfrxj pf the. f naal e clerks ash ing. ;atf ton once ranked wi th the aristocracy of the land. ' 'Amoncr many may; bo found widows pr daugh ters of army md navy officep of- highest rank,; daughters and granaVdftmrlileiH n former members : of the Cabi :;.riet,.6enatorSupfctile" CurtrJostices anu ; ;tbO vf - 4- - . d:UE !NEW; Bepublici a "It e .. theinth 4 .; em ployed re-vedl- ed tes-timo- ny 1 ir; KOTES :AND; NEa) celestial 1 glory rn"d i eternal happiness, to this' people through the prophets, if they live in obediecce to jthe requirements of that higher law, the law of Celestial MarHag'.Tevealed 'through this prophet - 1 :; -- CKristiaricyjjand; all lh6se horiorable il-might- we have lived, and which advocate by faith and practice. ' en a. member of the Church haY Jesus Christ ot Latter.day Saints for. of over thirty-si- x years; have passed through many truis tJ. wit fr; thu haw been driven from and robbed of my hom from UmA fri itm A4i.c..tt. totfcen and 8isters,'and have had my house plundered by a wicked mob. :';r " 'J3alt JUkeCity. '; , r s " live in 'ah element r'.ao ye the troubles and anxieties of the wonieh ofhe woHjihey seek the aid, and assistance, qf the Holy nthe arin of the Spirit, ahd eljr; trusting In His justice, and belie ing, with all thelrliearts, the promises of I have long felt Wmy d u tyM bear with the rest of my sisters, and to publish a written-articlin defense of the principles in which we believein i which ana-persecutio- t i ForthefexporXTi we-continua- - . necessarily in bur: WelfareV W'woiild jsay, we do rioi stand in need.ot any interference in our behalf;; wVfft no held in bondage, we areas'frea as ii is ppssibie for us to be while we haye' rulers t$hli&tfJ0i( 6ther states, who know ;ndihing of Mtl wishes. our desires, or bur determinations to serve ; TESTIMONY.! : genttemenwtQ;!ia)erest;th - -'- - - .$alir. 1 uJii exceedingly cold and- I was' unable to' 'sit up, having been' ill for some timoirom hardship and suffering; ?! Journeyed to Quincy iii that delicate' state, At::): ""After heaping1 upon, ami :6ureople these . gross t.indgBiile then the cryis; raised that the np w age; that' they are Bot; free to exercise tireit own will and judgmett ;ihat they only sub mit to: polygamy throng cQmpulsipn,v and they .'arrogate; to' tli e.msei vesj the power to undertake td release rUs;' from tyranny and lv .':';;i,a despbtism;J t -- : Lady, we will meetancl that you thought was pride In me, I trust will vanish as the sun Drinks up the tnorning deW from flower and tree; Ana that we may; as two fond filters : A be,. vc ? s , crowd, an gky Witl rasliqn's Taiaylnteiunable maze, A friend's warm clasp, knowing their heart A true and faithful heart, which is God's Is more to me than Croesus could bestow.gift, i. i "": Jjj-'- lwm llty I care not for thapompcta those seen fiave the Saints had to endure within the boundaries of; theL United States govern-menf- 7 where freedom arid liberty are the watch-words- . Bat amid all the persecutions I have been called to pasa. through, I have ever felt firm in the principles ot my reli: ;igion. ; Was compelled to leave my home i Far "VVea Missouri on the 13th of February, when the snow: was deep and the weather " hujtnan face divine" hast eer borne i. mighty barm for my poetic soul I love iajBit an gaze, and readand read And rate the character that's written there; And thine was" surely in my studio,! Its almost Grecian outline, Its features, n tr f'-'- r numerousjily antl I them :and feel $ tenderness for I them which ij?t strengthened is yearspasrjv, I rejoice in their society, in their welfares and the happiness; I fel - the .samp pride-ichildren pf ither wives that 1 feeli in my own.. It is a'..'sacrQd arid Jipl;'jfelaUqnshv instituted by God, and none but hearts are rigbtforeHimVnCFnX to Jive pure, lives, wiU be able to abide in it The Lortt eaid: he would try the heart abd assuredly Hisords must be fulfilled.? rlt is useless tp fight against the kingdom of ' ''-: God. :l V Women understand; the- principles of their) religion, and are as willing 'to die for it. as men are. Therefore, we pray you, spare your (pretended) sympathy extended to us,jw do: not need,Ur f Yft Jbayjq something! fiir. better than :anythingyo can- offer us l lipok i to tthe wlyes an(idaughters of J th nation J 4eal honestly and honorahiy by r tbeWtndj leavo us the. free exercise of our religion, which the; glorious constitution of our, forefathers so wisely and nobly V devised to protect all. Sarah D. Rich. prevented by;soni'e unbutre influence. These and similar trials . "c-- fii lo.Vje; s, the housed IT. .. V , Hve nowj he, has a ; : thoii but asked me to address thee ldy, By the aid of my lov'd poetic lyre! ' , SALT LAKE iDITY, UTAH, JUNE 1, 1876.; , 2 - v . . - - - . - 