THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. MJLA GREENE MCIIARDS, i: JIM KLINE B. WELLS. Editors. L'aljiislicdscminonUJy, In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: One copy one year, $3.00; bneopyIix months 100. Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising one r.4ies; Each square, ten lines of. nonpareil space, to S3". 00. liberal discount A time, $2.00; per month, ' rcgularjiflTertiscrs. Exponent uiuce, corner i douiu ieiupie, nuu jeuok Eaststreets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publishers "Woman's Exponent, ' -- -- Salt Lake City, Utah. r. SALT LAKE CITt. JULY 15, 1870. PERVERTED AMBITION. It appears that children are bora with the their abilities in propensity to some form, and that this propensity develops . faster than any other. A sensible woman writer, years ago, cautioned mothers arid nursemaids against the impropriety of allowing young children to stand or walk too long a time without resting. She said that children at all delicate should not be .permitted to walk long at a time, but that short efforts with intervening .repose should be the order of the nursery. When the bones are in the least soft, it is incredible how much mischief may be done by keeping the limbs much on the stretch, or allowing them to support the trunk long at a time. Even healthy children of two or three years of age, have become indisposed by walking about a mile without even being hurried. It is clearly evident that but few childrento come into this world wanting a disposition see and do everything that can be seen or done. Thfi little feet are always inclined to be mov- " ing, long before the possibility of standing upon them becomes a distinct idea; while the the wontiny lingers always in motion, and dering eyes always endeavoring to search out some new curiosity, leave no room for doubting that nature endows the human species with a desire for knowledge and exertion. Alas! that this sublime desire should in to many instances become so early perverted! How often astonishment is expressed by parents that their sons or their daughters who, in infancy and early childhood were so active and full of life, exhibit, a few years later, such a lack of energy, and are comparatively dull, torpid, positively 'lazy!" Somp.cause must be assigned for such results; andjfjf the subject were thoroughly canvawsed, it would, in all probability, be ascertained in nearly every case, that tbe individual had been allowed to exercise too much while yet a child, w)ien tflbrt should have been restrained rather than encouraged. In many instances children are urged and required by thoughtless parents or jruardl.au 9 to do more even, than childish ambition would Incline them to accomplish. And it is leasonable to suppose that no estimate can be formed of the injuries which are liable to bp thus inflicted. Another great wrong is frequently done to children by compelling tbem to do the very V work they most dislike, instead of encouraging the natural inclinationtand allowing them tho privilege of doing work in which they wouRlxbe most likely to excel. People caannot at all times control circumstances, and (hess evils cannot always be averted. But uioflieqi need not. and should not call over-estima- te . -- ' of History and Natural Science, Prof. Karl G. girls idle or lazyv because Ihrast-growin- g they4treutoLfeel:aiidm.u. tbe-inert- ia indulge more or less. Aud fathersydoubUeis, do less good than harm, by making their young sons blush to hear what wonderful days' works they were in the habit of performing when about the lame age that their boys are now. These same fathers would bo more caif in youth they had kept a pable men portion of their strength in reserve instead of exhausting the who! ere it had time to mature. If boys and girls must waste their energies, however, it is far better that they waste them in useful labor than in unprofitable pleasure-Ye- t there are more young girls in these days, who destroy their heal th by dancing and frolic-in- g too much, than there are who injure themselves with overwork. They should be taught the folly of such a course, and, if possible, brought to realize the danger without entailing the actual consequences. women have the Too few of .our middle-agefreshness and vital strength which, with proper use, they should retain, even when they are grown old and are ripening for another sphere of action. If the natural! strength and vigor f womanhood has not been dwarfed, or dead- ened before marriage, it is most likely destroyed in the early years of matrimony, by injudicious measures, which, though often deemed n in most cases be avoided. "Young wives and mothers are too proud and too ambitious," says a woman of experience; "they want to do every thing themselves, and be esteemed model housekeepers, when in fact they are not through with the alphabet." The de sire of a young wife to have all things kept in order about her home is perfectly right, and a rule which should as far as possible be kept inviolate. But still it is better to sacrifice a little ambitious pride than for a mother to risk her health and that of her offspring. Young men, and old ones too, in all parti of the civilized world, and in all occupations, may daily be seen exhibiting the same weakness which characterizes the child just learning to walk the propensity to overreach, to accomplish more in some diiection than the Lord has given themability to do. Whrn financial ruin comes, the cry is raised' extravagance has wrought this evil !" whereas it is merely the result of perverted ambition. That men and women Walk tide byside in this path cannot be denied. And for the heavier portion of blame to be shoved upon the weaker vessel U, perfectly natural to fallen humanity, though most unjust. '. to-da-y, .. . d eces-earymig- ht -- "vvo-wan- Maeser; Music, Prof. George Careless . t iV .: IT .ooenna ininnr l'J.tl UOaUAlk7 l r n ' -- i i Aii"jj .'' ifjj'T 'i i icq I' : - tuiK1- . Elocution, J. L. Rawlins. This Institute affords excellent, opportunities for instruction for persons who wish to become , asteaeher? for attainment and advancement like this, should be improved by all Who can possibly avail ' r themselves of them. pToffcient and-opportuni- ties The Ladies' Centennial Territorial Fair now open in the Old Constitution Buildings, is certainly a success in the exhibition of ladies' in- dustrial home work. Very elegant and artistic specimensOf wax fruit and floyrere'jgirtifieial flowers for trimmings of all varieties and shades, almost Innumerable varieties of ornamental and useful articles, for adding to the beauty iind comfort of home are there in profusion. One of the chief features of thefahvis the silk word in all its various form3 and stages of production, from the egg to the cocoon, and from, them to the article reeled, spun and woven. Competent judges of manufactured lace, assert the pillow, Ecru and Honiton Jace on exhibition there, that is equal in worth to manufactured elsewhere. There are many varieties of articles too numerous to mention in detail. The Fair possesses many attractions for strangers aiid "visitors, who can thus form some idea of what Utah is doing. The ladies whs" attend spare no pains in describing the articles they have for sale or for show, and the price of admission is only 10 etc., which is so very small that every person can assuredly visit it and see the products and the handiwork of tho women of Utah, The Fourth of July in this Centennial year of American Independence was enthusiastically celebrated in various parts of Utah. Can- nons processions, music, sjceches and all the appointments necessary to make a great noise anu great uispiay were provided for this joyful occasion, in most of the towns and settlements. Ogden was the chief point. Our space will not admit of details, eveie one who desired to participate in the enjoyments of the glorious Fourth have had ample opportunity. Wednesday, July Surprise Party.--O- n 12th, a soeiil party of ladies of Ibis city went to Cottonwood, to celebrate the anniversary of the birthday of Mrs. Elizabeth Howard, The day was a fine one, and everything passed off" , This lady isa charming hustcts, pleasantly-one and of thoe genial, geuuine, .whoU-oukwomen who. attract and draw aroucd them hosts of fiiends, . 's fire-work- s, d ; . HOME AFFAIRS. E DITOR Eg POggN Tl v li agrceaoie, piesingcit liie luliowiug Normal Institute. At the Deseret Uni. versity at 10 o'clock a. ra., Aug. 7th, the Teachers' Normal Institute will open its session of two weeks, under the Presidency of. Dr. J. R. Park. The object is to discuss the best methods of instruction, and many talented teachers will take part in it, giving their services. The Institute is freehand arrangements hare been made greatly reducing gome attendant expenses, railroad fare, to Theory and practice'v of teaching, prof. L. F. Mo neb; Reading, Prof. Chas. Davis; Arithmetic, Prof. T. B. Lewis; " Geography, Prof. Chas. Wright English GrammarProf. W. H. Rager; Orthography, Prof. Milton II. !flardy; Penmanship and Bookkeeping, Prof. FrM. . Rtehop; , ... m ... : " the ExroNENT. Some little time ago I sent a photograph iu of President Young to a friend of ours in England, and I extract a portion of the letter I got back upon it. ' ; Hannah T. Kro. "I was agreeably surprised and pitted vlu I saw the. beautiful photograph of jour Prtsi-dtnOf the many pictures, carlcaiijrs rath-f- r, I had seen of him,' they (ended to give the very. opposite, impmsiop'of tieman, and hft t, . Here is his veritable thad-cw- , ent ifom thev'spot whejehe residtf, and through your hards! Do I believe in it? think I do indeed. Itlookonc wholly by I always Jiad him in- my mind-a- u tK" tirely diflerep t. eprtoffaee 'to this; which lock at; nndf the mcie I really a pleasuro-to- : a sort of prfjudice. V fur-pri- se 