' lier- j t' tind those 'com tni t ted to her carp is a ' h ero--i: and tlie, end creation? is ofrher fobl " ; work and blazoned;' on ho mighty hiep6ibiHr'";Her j Ineher name'' may be first .actpj'gQyern"et must'b knoWlit: Is traced ;f:earthly;'scbtchiqnhut I Se ' has many a secret battle to fight to bring byfthp rcoording angel In' thoarchway of ' heaven aridsealed vith tho herself into subjection. The, foundation of signet1 ring ' ; ' must be good or it cannotupport tlie super: lhoimmoWah'V';! structure. Tlifountairilmust be gnrer or ri4,'; Hawaii T, King.' . " the" streams its can never fertilizo young it 1 to aro 'and intended plants they invigorate ;WOMAlNT'S RECORD.. M renovate. ' The first lesson she must learn -is humilityj tho next obedience it she Mu3. Sallip Joy,WhitOJs a contributor to desires to conqudr she must stoop1 to do so. tho Boston Sunday Times; ;editing a column ! AH children should learn tbeso'' grand 'fununder the heading of m Woman's Kingdom.', damental principles, but remember humility It savors of a strong mind aMgorous inand obedience must never "degenerate into tellect, and smooth ind"harnipnipus adapta' Cand would ronder s6rvi0ty,?ilsuch tion of thojauthor to thesubjectTT !K ' apathy ' them obnoxious; True greatiiess is always ; Miss Susie Dugan. dauffhter. of Mr. T. - humble and gentle, for it knows its power, II. Dugarijf formerly of ' JBdtonjl took tho feels its dignity isfully established; and j prize, the Avery gold- - medaUfor the best thete is no foolish fear Of comproiiiising it. oil painting, at thd'exhibltlori'of the School In good government there must e,ver be Mr.-V- I of Design,, in San .Francisco, o;which decision of character; firmness and gentle- ' rgir Williams is gxotesr i jf n ness' united. Let your laws be framed in love and wisdom, and then do not allow tYictoria opened t pari lament In :vQuee them to bo broken with impunity. There :Dcrsoi pn;Feb. 8th, an; event, which, it is must" be no Vacillatior or temporizing t Jaid has $ wakened j great in terestand Tex-v about t; make, no la wlfhat yoii cannot' vig-- j pitement ainougrheriubjocf ThpiIjCoases CONFERENCE GREETING. : .:;-.;- ., i : April, ists. .' se. - -- Again from North to South, from East to West, in conference meeting Tho Salut4 of Latter-day- s . M To pralsQ the Lord, to bless and tobebicst, Fast conarregrate', with peaceful, happy greetings. Friends met with f rlonds, and cordial hands aro shaken r Aj one by one, or grrpnps arc gathering In;. v NoTf silence! Now svroet, strains of music, waken 'jiAnaioI the conference services begin. - (Ui Why do they gather at this Gospel Feast, Those thousands, 'neath this EDacious dome's1 broad cell : ; "::." ':v. Father, Thy gifts and blessings have not ceased-;i - ingt-- J "-- i,-. ." K in jthelr good feeling? r And shall Thy We come to hear Thy words in plainness spoken, That we more faithfully henceforth may live: If in the past soiao trusts with Theo wero broken. ; Lord, wo are penitent, d Tbod forgive. i chiUrcn-fai- l . ' I ; . ; . '- Help us to be more watchful and more guarded,'' ProlongThy mercies, wo are children yet,' ; ; If with vain things pur hearts have been encumbered, ' ... Yet prio we Thy dear words above them all; a in oar)c88 ease and l 'U vt. ! d t.'i ; We trust Thy promises and foci secure; To follow Chrlat as our divine Preserver; ?.-- f .k-.--- . , , i ! ; . - ? j . : vj it: of .Parliament were fiiledjWith a disjingulsh- oroiisly cnibicc; let lovover preside1, but eu tnrong. rue ueen was atienuetiWitn ; mistakb not ' foolish.5 fondness fdr loVej ' mis- - j and take not indolenee and apathy foi meekness; lyarious members of jlhoVroiral-iamil- y iriistako pt'ricgiig'encoiq' ybiir arrange- - j nobijity. '4t Thp Lord U;Ch&ncellp read . thor he imposlor easiriesof-- temper; there1 Is !mttch speech In belialf of the Queen, mis-! that Kwrong in woman byfsueh wptl ing ceremony, Jastedl?ut aYejvvniinufcs. iS takesJJand by not calling 'things iby1 their ( 'right names. 'Women often take' shelter in their weakness and; belidve right, woman itNEW iiER3ELl:,,f her whereas if Preser vo us Irom nriceremoniotis people ' soul is large enough for allj'her Maker in- those men and women who "never stand on j mid she' was tended her for, aro always "perfeci ly at n meet for maii.hese words I'd reframedf in '!' cerehioriy''whb hdmeu1n other pebiue's liouscs! J Society Writ; butthey f' nthraubTlrae7rcyity of has many pestsj - but few so jntol'erablo as fo rm a com pe hd i u m of woman's; position, ' !tHirr:''.Prfrt nriil 0 sv1 titsit Aral nrn' wwof woman's d utyj and of woman's exaltation. ' The wroman who really carrids but 'lver des- - i themselves upon you5' at any ' timQi ?ahd j7 tiny is indeed a heroine; if sho'desires great- - j to1 be cordially'-- ' welcomed bo- always 'u iti has she will r it I Triie,:her ness, prbve J caue they are so free arid easy, and sp loth of Is drahia in secluded domestic the sphere VJ to'put anybody to troubled They will come life, beyond which her' 'nanio is generally "before breakfast or jdst as fVbu are "sitting unknown; but is' ho only a hero whose down to;dinher, and draw up their' chairs name resounds through the world as a hero ' quite like one of the family; Early7 In the of battles and bloodshed? In the eye of they dellght' to run Inand they the misjudging world1 It l; may 21 bo so, : but u; morning come will right up' to your Chamber to save when , tho partition Wall vis., broken down' ' ui yotiUhe trouble of coming doWnJ. and there ' . that shuts but the world from the immortal, they will sit and watch .you make your toiwhen "the scales Tair.v from numan eyes, let, and comment upon how gray your hair and the yeU is remoyed from huma. Hearts,) is getting and wonder if you aro not a great then shall many an obscure individual s tarid deal stouter, and redder in the face than J forth as' the sterling ' soldipr of Christ, and to be. They will hunt over your used you . .many shall bo abasnea whoso proua, banner for writing-des- k bathe their fa. .fiauntea pver tne batuo fleias oi nuraan ces with your cologne water, and scent their glory, buV'who' disdained to' fight r In the handkerchiefs with the contents of your . ranks of the great Captain of their salva-- ; '?. choicest Cperfumery ' bottle. - i They are al. luncheon for ways ready "you know I'm . home struggle1 of, the battle .oHfe?,m do y. too much at home In your house to go hun-TrI our duty tWlTiirbuhd us, jintiring nay dear,"and any stray confection- the light of efforts to bear,upwrd"tawa nry lying about melts before them as dew to the , truth, to keepto tnbrowway,,, ii; before tho sun. They make no scruple of to petsevere, to endure, to. press on, j .patient, your latest ' magazines and new- and not for, the praise of humanity, for often n a borrowing est books; even your wardrobe does not s- i rid "eW but God's beholds the struggle, but ji cape their encroachments; and all this : because, the Spirit's . eye is resting on that is cloaked by such empty remarks as unto thou mtniui glorious promise, "be ,b these: 'Iine ver stand on 'ceremony, but .death, and I will give thee a crown of life.", 2u mako myself at homo everywhere;'so don't What is herbisrai if 'this is riot something of put yourself out to entertain mel"- Again the definition of it? Then I f assume, that wd say preserve : us from unceremonious so7 "who such woman, herself, proves every peoples-Smith- 's Monthly . r . lielp us ail IC3CS ana cnasiemngs 10 enaure, And to pursue Thy cans with brightening fetvbrT We worship Father, and implore Tby g ace; ; nt a ir fnlllfHi nnnrfld. Thv merftli lenirthened. Till wo may see and know Thee face to face. , : - - 8!uhabered, have slept IfiwQ W wniiltt Awake at Thine enlivening coll. ; ; " We Usteni purpose well, but swn6rget-v;'-'' 1 1 ? - ' " ; ? ; 1 : ! 'i-merit- , --! . Until Thy temples shall o'erspread J he land , f Until tbeljurden of .Thy cause i3 lifted, Thy cov'nant people working hand to hand,And seeing eye to eye, divinely gifted, r ;' - ''' ; 1 Pourout Thy spirit Lord i rich effulgencei I ' Quicken our memories and eur mind expand, .. "That as Thy; servants.! peak, through Thine indulgence, Thy Saints may bear aright and understand JLuia.- j , . w- iis; 3 ! 4 : j 1 Lmade-'J'a'help- - I -- - For thq Ejcpokent. ox-'pe- WOMAN- - j It is4Vwoman's privilege WAllml ftf to bo queen of a AVlllV n Yttllfvt II ' 1111' IIIV ITIIC'IIIV' IK "ill 1111 v v 11111 minutiae! her subjects are tho, Lilliputians 1 1 I munuI aiuiure 1wm iuo auu,1 mcir mo eurtu, oi ii or colossal, according as pigmyj her laws are wiso, judicious and in' love. She controls, or ought - to, the elements of life the germ of future glory, exaltation, ana tno ruaimenis oi angeuc ine; ic is ner province to mould, to train, to' nurture"; to t ww. 1 VWACm i xIll rrrr-- -- IM S. a1 : em X ' full-grow- n, r fancy arid-youth- j ';AV . hat more rioble'desti-n- y could she desire? lis she not working for eternity? Can she.do this in her Own strength? Certainly not. But she goes tq the Fountain Head of wisdom, asks and ret ceives. Many of the great ones of the .. : An vnti a Vn tn vteAfi - 1 ! ;s J, -- 4r nm nnniA And 1 power, have fondly and proudly pointed to rnoir mm :riAri- wnn. DV,inB r maininua Train ing and i management of their Infancy and youth have sown and brought to perfection the ' precious ' seed which,' under God, they were TenablodV to: cast Into their minds, by which they becamo great; among a host of Buchwe Imay name Napoleon the Firstj Lamartlne, Bulwef, Eliza Cook, who have all named' their mother before the world, with all vlionor. : Shall not such Instances urgQ woman: to., realizo. her ;responsibIlify - ? ; i. I- - t A.. ct 1 1 1 : : ; ? . note-pape- r; - ; : ilhe -- y, : : "i inso-I'len- ce ! . . - ; . - : i , ( u-.:- 'r on: )",i " ; "i 