: AN ADDRESS. TIIE BELIEF SOCIETY CJF THE 17TII WAUD,' ON TIIE 8T1I A N N I yIUS A II Y- - OP THEIR ORGANIZATION V ) Eight years burdened with their joys and sorrows, sunshine and storms; bringing life to some and death to others.have' flitted away andL dark spa' of the KM.Inn frnm v!nw in tht ai u lii1'"- - " - ..... : past s . . .... ... ' .:; ; . one-mi- - , . ". a Relief Society, we havelhoved slowly of the poor, along; alleviating the suffering and teaching those whose hcarte were weighed down with woe and sorrow, to look upward to thejQiyer of Life, ahd have told ihem.of Jesus if Nazareth ever meek and jowly, whose path we have essayed to iollow, and in v hese foot steps we have tried to walk.; j, first-"danc- Nathan tially organized by our beloved Bishop Davis, we were told by him td "go forward Jn conevery good work, and we had his blessing has tinually ; and I believe that each one who faithfully attended to the duties of the Belief floor-manage- second thieves break through and steal." In the death of Sister Felt, our Treasurer, our Secieiy sustained a heavy Joss. O how can when the I describe the anguish that wo felt, we should terrible foreboding came to us that lose her.' Then for the first time we realized how firm and true a bond of friendship exited famin our Society; that we were indeed of one we and when ily, daughters of one Father; ?b white, gazed upon her, robed for her burial, dreamless so still, so col l and beautiful in her torn with anguish; sleep, our hearts, although released her acknowledged, that Father had no from her life mission, And called her home; with more to sigh ahdVorrow, nor grow weary in the her cares, but . to fill a higher calling, , home of her first childhood. The lesson to us is, t weave our web .of life the so that if our departure xthr'ead may be picked up by anotlur, and so on until all incompleted that our Father has ':' decreed. j:i the tend .to mournful our duty It has been and lay them dead the to robe, sick and dying, and willing vay.wXh all, that ready.- hands : hearts could do tcr them- i; i : of woman O who shall sav that the mbsion with ber is not exalted? What true woman, or hahd once 'holding thorough; ;will; turn Our misshrink int6 by r and forbidden path,? to nurse the sion is divine! To aid the poor, look to our Father and sick, and bid! the dying the duty of God in the: day of their trial, is everv woman., " " . : come-suddenl- ; y,, " . . " . , - , ; - Yesterday, in taking up my pen to write to you paper, I fte! ih.y incompetency 's; a writer. ;here is "Bet your i ( Scripture wliSCh says a light so hine that. other?,' feeing ycuringood this works, niay glorify God."; The Saints out the place, both old.aud younger carrying counsel cf our beloved PresHcnt Bnghani-hour of dancing, Young, in regard -; Realiziug that we aro a highly favored Pethe liiht of immediate revela litin-i- u tbe . , 1-- 4 at S'p. m. They have killed, in two which was really days hun over 1000 rabbits, necessary' as they "had become very destructive to the crops. They saveti all the pelts. , Asa Ward, we are striving to carry out the counsels of those who are placed over us in this . ... kingdom. Round-dance- s Are now things of the past with -our youug'fblks -t for the prosperity of Zion,, praying ' Yours in the jcovenant of peace, . ? . gv - - ; i Mary Ferguson; his valise. The Governor saw at once that he was a must have gentleman, and knew that howas a stranoverheard his remarks, but he howger to his Excellency. The gentleman, Goverever, knew the physiognomy of tho nor verv well, though he was not personally acquainted. Tho Governor leaned forward and asked of a gentleman, . "Do you know who that gentleman isV" , from "That is tho Hon. JAVa?hington, Commissioner of too Evidently tho Governor had heard face much: He dropped his chin, and his looked blank; The two doctors of divinity also saw that their laugh had not been well on tho put: they had played the sycophant his" posiwrong man. The Governor saw for him to tion, and thought the best thing do was to make an apology. So he asked a Tho collego friend for an introduction. Y- wa3 gehtfeman arose, and Governor -- . D formally introduced tog Commissioner was over, tho After tho usual Governor said, I owe you a hum"Commissioner D ble apology for removing your yaliso, and my unguarded remarks. I hope" Commissioner I ; broke hiuMDlfshoit, JD : : ' ment. IIo wjis-- tall, noble specimen of hunianitv,as noble as ho looked, who would .hbvor play tho sycophaht to a king nor impose upon a beggar. II; wa only a few scats ahead, where he had stepped to speak with a friendj ami he had heard every word of the- - Governor's joke. Soon he came back, glanced at tho scat which lield the lady and her baggage, when some one pointed across, and he quietly took the seat with a com-- .. v OF COURSE THIS COM ES FROM BOSTON. though a niost excellent Governor P-affairs' of his man, who administered tho State successfully for two years, was considerably given to making Himself agreeable, especially to politicians in rank abovo hiaa own; The Governor 'had been attending where collego Commencement last season, to aGow due honors ho had received all tho ernor and ho felt decidedly pleased with himself, and disposed to bo. facetious. There were twol doctors of divinity and several alumni in tho Governors company, Tho two D. B' s were very agreeable, and made it a point of laughing at all tho Governor' they are sallies, as many .people , think bound to do toward people of ran k. were just, aboard ; The Governor and "party '1 The morning was a of the train for home. fhe hot one, and theirs vrercr full. AVhenseat.T tho Governor and party were seated, on the shady side of the car were all taken " valise-ratexcept one, and oti this 'wasaa formerhct mjght like what ' according to tho rule? or carry which, scat for its ownrailway travel; claimed the started, a lady erJust before Mo. came in, showily dressed, Evidently of abont consid-- . binstcred and stamp, fflishy" In Mhcun-Therably because she mustisit man, an 1 Governor is a very pliant Avit ladies. takes much pride in his fivor tho ladi , He uiv and crossini: over ;to sit in this saidt "Madame, why do ynu'not seat?' It must bo very un com fortibic to sit -, hand-shakin- ' ' andrepHell: i ''Governor, no apology U neeUed, nor will any bo accepted, I always yield my scat to ladies, and my valiso to hackmen; but among gentlemen I prefer to handle my : ; - own haggagel'llarper's Magazine. , : seedy-lookin- g, tho-trai- n ie to a gentleman who held a responsible position in Washingrfon; also a graduate of the cblWge, who had boon home to Commence-- " r, q Hunting-party-danc- piencin& enter, nor cu.ii --r. e - certiSociety, no matter in what capacity, can both in our fy that blessings have attended us, labors and fto ourselves. In doing good to others,;we ourselves have been benefitted. "Cast tiiy bread upon the waters, and after He of many days rit shall return." So spake blessed in the old, so that not only will we feel work of our Saviour, but' for ourselves we are; mansioiisof our Falaying up treasures In the i that tho valise belonged But it happenedvaj&i mi.u-.------ - - Tho ladyv" took the bat thus viuated, nnd the Governor put thvaliso Inf a seat on the sunny side of the' car. The two 1). IVs ihoughf it wai the est thiog they ever hoara the Governors joke, "It won't hurt thegentkman's valise o sit in tho: sun, and wb hardly think it would hurt tho gentleman; himself;' and they nudged each .other and pretended to laugh very heartily. Of course tho Governor was plepeU: ttftr "al ways pleasati t;to knowthatu rf o yn wit is anpreciated. -- , Eigbieir ther, "Where moth nor rust would1 liurt tho crentleman himself. n . - , "But,'? said the Governor, as he took the valiso by tho handles,it v;on't hurt the gentleman's valise to sit in the sun." rXhcn holding it up livsight of allpind witrra signifi canr smile added, "ami wo hardly think it tion, receiving counsel and instruction from the lips of inspired prophets and apcslles; this is the fcccret iwhichv the Gentile" world cannot solve.' Judging thd Sainfsrfrom 'their own standpoint, they call the obedience of the Saints blind obedience, or power. Bible believers, forgetting that the Scriptures say "My sheep know my voice and tjiey follow me, and he that heareth ouliearelh M.M The Saints feel that Brigbani Young is God's yi'qe not : gerent here on earth, consequently ashamed to honor ailaWs or, counsels given through him; even dancing in daylight, contrary to our old habits and customs :; : ;l li: AYe are the children , of light, therefore let us walk in the light, and- - set an example worthy -of imitation. ;?Wj i acOur Belief Society held the cording: fdTcounselj on the' lSth of January, under the sola management of the ladies; lito Maria Finch, as discharged her duties ih;a business and ladylike manner, to the satisfaction of all; our. bishop pronounced the benediction at la p. m.vall feeling- well. The Bifihop aleo had a parly, en the.Tth; for the benefit of the missionaries. Our Young ladies had a party on the 4th, the benefits derived to be appropriated1 for literary purposes. j I am happy to say that 'our young .men are also cheerfully taking hold. They heU their . E:Whh lady was declaiming against a "tho stupidity of the foreigners" at husParisian Hotel.' "My dear,' ?aid the are band reprovingly, "you forget that wo foreigners." "What rionesens:e Edwardl are forreplied the wife, "of course they AN eigners because we're .English. e 1 - in ttibsan.,f Tho lady replied that she saw by the lie that the scat WJ3 taken. a- - JlEr.wa, Pat!-AVha- l3 the matter.? U there any ono ill here?" saitt a gentleman loan Irish laborer, who was engagedin lay. in- - taa in front of Fiihmongers'HalLondoii. "there's nobody ill "No, sir," replied Pat,toon to a few fit pa- fust now: hut there'll bo tients for tho hospital. There's to "rrj'i"htv fine dlnncr.here this evening.' a 