14 rf&A$&&&0 r Editor Exponent:' -- Our Belief Society mectinci are Well at fielded, thaVIsTincmiSrisoTItli wha!T: they have ben In tlme3 past; indeed, I r inkiliero jevTovas a time sinco.our first ; organisation when the sisters have exhibit-- ' io'carry;'ouf the 7c4;mbreei;ergy : Pre you elYe,njtwithstanJijgo,ur 1 - 1 ur V' be classed vtUft our sister societies let-other- i . through-- , r Is' good and with' them In 'every things that :. t. ; n.. At ,. -- 'bfibnho i heir minutes Baughtors bo soon will forwarded by the organization 'Secretary; f If would f;ad vise all who have not organized yet to speedily. do so, for I know they servo to exert aigood influence over the inlnds of our youngs people.- ' Before they wero organized hero i thero' was scarcelya young girl attended our meetings, fiiptWiQjncHpg'ja' great influeucb was used .Tj. JLo preydiL upon ;them tof come. X BuLnow Avliat a difference I .sinpo ihey have a jh to attend their own 'ou:r meetings, and to gain all tneVknbwedge and instction which lies in'thetr powcr tQ prepare them or, ta life .of usefulAcss in Mi the kingdom pf0od.J 9il; V! rtih&ul;. a .Leap-YefJfr& young-Jadit jTartyja short itjmo since, i Our; nqw-- pchool t house was beautifilly ;dporated lor the occation.; with ;eyqrgreens, .plcturos, ;ipirrors, flags and Mnners,r. all; jyery,; tastefully, ar--. ranged, and presented, a, very beautiful in the 'the 'order. best and'waald'tQ'be bestf : party: of , the season.' (Sh eyhave "adopted PesjldentYqutig'a a4vico;and 'tpand iianc-f- ? Inff lsabandbned; 'pdrtiei' commence tit two vi and dismiss at 'tea, andrthey rare all cjuite , reconciled to the chan'gc1 At first it seemed 5 ' h' rather 6dd, but; the ' desirou td ;obey the in- u i, structions of our beloved. President over-- j 1 ; came every, other: consideration. AVe have excellent ISunday. School with about one rs i;!shundrcd( and iwcntyeii61ar3 in regular attendance, also; two goqd day schools. " . ;r. ,r Wo hayo; Jong, cold , winters which are - of,! 4 - J bcie-.fy.- bf - heyqwese; gqtp es ar , s required, bl the'ispecJly in looking after tha'waflts of the poor and ne'edyj adyispd' Cn'enij totparry out the(coun-- . that .was,? ; sel given by authorrty! and all would, bS wTell with ,them. Elder A. Steel made some excellent remarks. In consequencq of Mrs. I Julia Adams' and JMr$:'.; Sidney Thayne thebflicb '!bf Counselors, because of ; removing iroin' the city, Pres. 'Mrs. M. G. Chase chose for her Counselors Mrs. Mar- ;arfd " Mi'f Elizabeth Sr Higgs, ' garet StcqT them It was.' unariimpuslyyoted to s irt that 'office 'and h'ey 'were' blessed and set apart by the Bishop dnd his cdunselorV Closing prayer by Bishop J.; Warburton. , re-signi- ! . '- V" Mbs.' "Mleii .: V, ' . .Mifi.MjA jdr El i 4 , . amends.forjhe disadntagewhkh vjmikes' "in 1 U (UUU Vice. i ' 7-- Sec'y. l, Co r IT ' MaryBpwardB . J , Wo ' the Lord; bur meeJirigsJo .well a'tfnded, ifpur lit- - ; Iorth .; ;:coqfJderJng.ihe'js tie sottleraentixtena,( and 'South.' We alo' havo.a 'Retrench ment ; ; As3ciati6rtand "proVement ' aoungii's'Mutuarim. if a AssociationVbeel in Sco- f meet Thursday "afterpobn eVerytwo. weeks. arid renjoy,a J good degree of the $pirit of . ; ' Mao: Saunders,VAWin( Hartha B. iroldawa Vih had' twen ty I members enrolled, r ad- - - has received a collection of Persian, Arabic and Sanscrit manuscripts. Among them is a complete copy of the Hindoo epic poem, Mahabharata, in the form of a roll, 228 feet long and 6$ inches wide, profusely illustrated in colors and gold representing scenes described in the work.' The writing is ver minute, there being 12 lines in every inch,, Another Qf the manuscripts isa ; copy of the 'ShaJj,-ameh- '? of FirdansI, : the most ancient poenj. in the jnodern Per-- , sian , language, illustrated i with. painting-pOriental scenes. iThe 'collection numben about 125 volumes, and jcontainsmany hiC u toricai works and irfnans--- . '',1 ' . 41 : Tue University of Edinburgh tland , jo qApdl 3rd, 4875. 1 ;i -1 Our Society is prospering, a spirit ofunion prevails. The young ladies take great Interest in the meetings, and seem desirous to persevere and overcome all temptation. Oiunda Davis. President. SaBAii Taylor, Secretary. . Mrs.:;Mary! pewe'y, President. Counselors. ;'Amelia' Sau pdeH, ; i thl3l;cbid climate, they .Jabpr tunder ...APuWO have plenty .or time.in our Jong win ter evenings for mental culture; recreations and social gatherings, T which have been improved to the utmost this winter. There '- orthe sislers ganized into a branch of the'Belief rMocfety, Aug. 6th, .1875rby Sister Eliza B. Snow Sis- ter Harriet 'Snow,' and Pres. J. C. BeWey, as ? va;; excelleiit health; which Jn some: measure and Mrs. Gaddio also gave us some good ' AVe, : very 'trying;, to some, but; the) people enjoy i EniToriEXroxENT: : : - 'Van-VassEl- DEWEY.Vit'TJB,-Box.lElde- : : -- tln j :" great it : 77rrWith many mrnestrwishesYor the:?Ticces3 of the l?xoiimNT, and; for tne welfare and upbuilding of, Zl6n,'w'b remain yoursisters ap-;r;pear- : ng , .',:in the Gospel, 1S70. T spoke in a; spirited: manner;' gay e the'listers some good ; .cqunselanehorted them to livoN their religion and attend' to every d u ty -t 1 - young ladies expressed their feelings essays were read and recitations given. Mrs. Coletnan, President, and- - other officers and members of the Belief Society were present. President Mrs. Coleman spoke of the great privileges we enjoyeii; exhorted us to 'prepare ourselves to assist in the great yorfe to be accomplished in the last days, to pray to the"Lord for strength and he wrbuld never forsake us. Mrs. Ana Evans expressed her pleasure at the progress the young ladies had made; exhorted us to keep the word of wisdom in every sense. Mrs. Davis said we should feel thankful for the many privileges and blessings we enjoy. Told U3 to seek for wisdom, that we might lay a foundation for future usefulness. Mrs. Standring said we should set an example worthy of imitation; that we should bo tried and proven in oveiry way, but if we put our trust in the Lord, and tailed upon His holy name, He would hear, answer,and bless us. Exhorted us to honor ourselves and our God, be. Arm to our integrity, and retrench from everything .wrong or displeasing Jn the sight of the Lord that we might have wisdom to enable us to do the will of the Lbrd: 3rrs. Bushman Muqh good counsel .was 3 given; anda" good spirit , prevailed. :, .Bishop;, j. Warburton . s President, The Young Ladies of the Retrenchment Association of thi3 place held their first Annual Meeting April 29th, 187C The" meeting was well attended ,and a good spirit prevailed After the usual exercises and reading of the minutes, a number of the ; which is now in a flourishing condition. The young ladles 'are, lone and all, very much interested in the meetings, and show a t:. determination not tqrtejtohind in anything calculated to 'm'aUb them worthy which vn Editor Exfonent: expresspd.-hejrdesiresjo- j Sister Home, while here, Jorganized a Young .Ladies' Retrenchment Association the church and JIowjLnJi,-S)cretary- -- entio-h)Ti'urfaa'.iure"s"- tnat to Mary Dewey, Mary E. : - bay be Worthy I? Pomekoy, Assis't Sec'y. "IHlear Lake (Co., March 15, 187G, ' God. We remain your sisters in kingdom of God, A report of a meeting of the Relief Society of the 1st Ward, held .February 3rd, 187G. There were present on, the tand our Bishop, Joseph Wnrburtbn, and one of his Counselors, Alexander Steelj there was also a good attendance of the sisters. Pres. Mrs. M. O. Chaso-said- , "I feej, proud to see so many of my. sisters present this afternon; it makes mo feel encouraged, and it also shows they are trying to live their religion. I would exhort the sisters to live humble and prayerful before the Lord, for the day lias come thafcwe must live?, otir religion or step take our places." one side and ' She'Vas .followed by xiuito a nuinber of tho sisters who, live .their religion and use their influence to build up the kingdom of ;qd on the earth. : We' v M. 4 Leiii, May 15th, V tiav-;,inVo- Sarahv- 1 where we cart meet as a band of sisters and speak to each other and strengthen each other in our most holy religion. We read a great deal from your excellent paper and gain from it a great deal of information. Our prayers and desires are with you, together with all the societies' of the Saints, In helping: to roll tm the kingdom of ; - : J I?cah? tulfesay thafti never bn-jby hay self bettjer at' any nteeti ng'7 that I ever attended thaii When listening to her. Herwords were' replete with Jood counsel J and Induction, which, if lived up to, would .be of great benefit to those who had - the . 'pleasure' of listening to her. I feel very thankful that wo have the privilege of sisters visit us from the fountain il headP The iiriemBors1 feel I inspired with froWllfe anil vigor, apd a greater 'determi-1-natio- n 5s manifest t6' persevere- in" cvery-1- 0 thing' Whhjis calculated to niirifyand ;?m;and ed - 1 ' rneet-Tfnf&;- presence - pel- ii'dep interest in our gqeiety; and Weare ofteiv blessed' with .his'ftneriy counsel and ad vieo"at bur fevoredwith proximity: to ' the North Pole. Praying the Lord to bless and aid you inin the gosyotirhlibr, I remainVl your sister !"' Bich1 takes; were, school hoxiso has been lighted , ei th er for 1 meetings "or amusemehts of some kind, so see wre 1 manage to live and enjoy our- - ,our -- Imei prlvilegbj and: blessi hg to have societies haye beep someexcellent lecturedeliveredat heref also some very good performances bur theatre j in factjihere has been scarcely an evening throughout the yinter but that !!b..8.5bepoiits. ) anli ColmseloflAn theydo at th6 present i "J FT. NE ' . There ig; pften 4npno kiudi word, one look of sympathizing affection, or one small act of, disinterested love, more of real bleness ;of spirit Lthan in;actJona which have rung in the ears?' and .found iaa cChorln the hearts pf admiring thousands. . i 9 